Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~EkS4d-zPkIX9I_dmd0GaEw~This was the second Cuban restaurant I've tried in town, after Rincon Criollo. My friend and I decided on the fried mashed potato with ground beef filling to start. The hard outer shell on the potatoes was great. My friend said that they "found a way to make chicken-fried mashed potatoes." We each decided to order a different sandwich and split them. I got the Cuban sandwich and he ordered the chorizo sandwich. The chorizo was good, with slices of fried chorizo and grilled onions, but the Cuban sandwich was the highlight. With much more meat than at Rincon and a mustard that added just the right amount of spice, I wanted to steal back the half that I gave my friend. We finished things out with the Tres Leches cake, which was as delightful as advertised. This was quite honestly one of the tastiest cakes I have ever tried.   The service was good and our waitress was concerned with making sure we were having a good first experience. The decor was also impressive. All in all, one of the better meals I've had in a while, and I will definitely be coming back often.   One more thing: try the Iron Beer soda. It's reminiscent of Dr. Pepper with a slightly fruitier profile and a more pronounced vanilla flavor.   Varadero has my highest recommendation.~mashed potato ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~fLtqhI_ks4UDXkbkw3KpQg~I like the overall restaurant service is really great food is was  on point the salmon was really good. Great views as well.~salmon ~5 
Geno's Restaurant~onion rings-salad~vjd-RKZB1NBEqP_m992vnw~I've eaten here once - and half their menu was missing....on a Tuesday.  And they didn't seem to care.  I came for the wings, but wound up having to settle for onion rings and a quesadilla.  Yuck. It wasn't even that good.  I tried giving it another shot, twice, but found it was closed.  Once on a Thursday night and once on a Friday night.  What kind of bar is closed on a Friday night?!?!?!~onion rings ~2 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~bYGzZkGoukXWMDjoVCNP5Q~The great thing about this place is that it is quick to get a nice treat and the packaging is very efficient.  They offer sturdy boxes for most common denomination of cupcake purchases and they sell for less than a dollar cupcake toppers for birthdays and etc.  So when I had to get a set of treats for a friend I went here and I was in and out in less time that it would have taken me to get timbits.  The ladies helping me were efficient and very friendly.  the cupcakes taste ok, nothing mind-blowing but they are pretty well priced and the icing overkill is forgivable especially since you are getting so much from other places.   If I need a cupcake fix I will definitely keep this one in my backpocket.~cupcakes ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4XejYxunEvxCzCeIFSXg8g~You must come hungry! There are so many choices, so best to do walk thru first to see what is on offer. Nothing worse than piling lots of food on your plate you won't eat, then getting another plate to try other dishes. My husband doesn't eat meat, gluten, and dairy, so the chef took him for a tour to show him the vegan dishes. So nice this is offered!  The dessert is also abundant, do a walk thru with this too. My favorite was the gelato, around 5-6 different flavors. Loved the vanilla bean and coffee.  I'd come back to this buffet. For all that is offered the price is reasonable. Add $15 for unlimited sparking wine, wine, and beer. I didn't choose it, but it's nice they have that option!~coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~anJu4pBUwtHoaAqVNvenCQ~I went for Sunday Brunch and they were out of Champagne!!! Unbelievable!!  But luckily the food was pretty good!  The highlights had to be the freshly prepared omlettes and the  prime rib.  It had a good selection of foods.  The deserts looked amazing but they kinda tasted all the same and a bit bland.  The coffee was good, very strong.    The highlight was sitting in the Atrium though, definitely the best looking buffet in vegas.  The atmosphere was great!~coffee ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~uqGykt3EyhPL17KcUrnqJw~I love the potato salad! It's so good! The BBQ sandwiches are good, but sometimes I do question dropping 10 bucks for lunch here. BBQ sandwiches aren't that big and to be honest if it wasn't for the great potato salad, I would think this place is a rip-off.~potato salad ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Vxs3pjcVGQWxNSil0fU-kg~Had Butter chicken with rice there yesterday. The food was not fresh. Extremely overpriced for the quality. They should probably cut the prices in half there, because the service/food is not worth it.~butter chicken ~2 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~VmB6OWKb10tEy8o9EyNzYw~If you a Mac and Cheese lover then you'll love it here. A little out of the way from the Center of monkland but worth the extra few blocks down.  While we were sitting down and enjoying grilled cheese sandwich which I found not too greasy and a good portion. There was a take out order happening for a party. Great idea! And the Mac and cheese bowls are perfect. Also tried the tater tots.. Wow fantastic.. The potatoes and mashed with just enough cheese, fried to perfection. Don't pop the first one in you mouth! You might not burn yourself and not enjoy the rest :)~mac and cheese ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~p0CfLftnLm05uUos2QAw8A~The chicken is good.  The sauce is great.  The sides are fine. The place is an uncharming bit of a dive.~chicken ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~dhWCDo2gLe43DEYqcLv5cg~After hearing that the chef was a iron chef champ I wondered where the chef was when our dishes came. Good but nothing special to me. I'm Japanese so I expected a little more asian flair to the dishes too. Using Udon noodles under salmon doesn't quite do it. Calamari was greasy like something from coney island. very nice romantic booths with a view of the mountains at sunset but it wasn't as spectacular like maybe a view of the sunset off the kaanapali coast. Nothing like that. Waiter was nice, service was good. Restaurant remembered that we had a birthday party person which was the best. I enjoyed my lunch at NoRTH 200 percent better than dinner here but the atmosphere and seating was better here. Don't like how the bar lounge seating is right behind the romantic booths. Kind of defeats the intimacy of dining.~salmon ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~E7SWWlZ0ekKBhSZeMxzBEw~Totally great experience. The decorations itself make you get more hungry as you are slowly making your progress in the breakfast que. I liked the way that the beverages like regular coffee and orange juice were bottomless within the breakfast and the way that they were both fresh. Gelatto is clearly to die for especially after you make your round the buffet items a few more times. Prices are ok, I will include the current prices for 2015 in the photos. After breakfast, the whole day I was not hungry and did not eat anything until breakfast the next morning. So, if you want to have an experience of something tasty and luxurious and get energy to be able to strolling through whole day in Vegas, the Buffet at Wynn is your ultimate breakfast station!~coffee ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~r4SmPdkqIazIGPHXdPOG4Q~I know there is a lot of hype about these cupcakes and tend to be a lot of people's favourites, but to me personally I'm very indifferent about them. I like visit the PATH location as it is accessible underground. The place is always packed, so I recommend ordering online beforehand to bypass the line. However, it does require 48 hours advance ordering so be sure to order ahead of time.  I like to order to mini versions as I can't finish the regular sized ones, but I find that even that was a bit too much for me as the icing is VERY sweet. I'm glad they came out with a tiny size so I can try two flavours at once. I have a sweet tooth, but it's something that I don't have cravings for as the icing is a bit too much for me~cupcakes ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~vV8QbYMt1atp0NUylcC1Dg~Good call on the cutie sized cupcakes. They are smaller than a mini and the perfect size to indulge an afternoon sugar craving. Mhmmmm.~cupcakes ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZwY7t5w4oX5xM0O9nqqKAg~Take-out diarrhea! We came here to try the Indian food because we had hear it was amazing. We ordered the butter chicken and rice. Worst choice ever. Why do all these cabbies eat here? This restaurant is located at the rear of the Toronto Reference Library and is the pit stop for most of the cab drivers there. That same night, I had a huge bowel movement the size of Texas and let's just say that this was the first and last time I'll ever eat here. Don't eat here please.~butter chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F1V4GACfhaJ3dRw_VQRQGA~Had the lunch buffet. It was just OK. There were a few items that were good but most things were very ordinary and basic. Service was poor and the coffee was horrible.~coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JYSNKvg0vyAK5DMS4mZyXQ~For breakfast, this buffet is a bit over-priced ($18.95) and not really that good. Runny scrambled eggs, a long omelet line, all types of non-breakfast items for those who can't distinguish between day and night, plus really weak coffee. I tried the Cafe in the Wynn and was much happier.  I'm afraid the House gets the best of you with this "sucker breakfast"~coffee ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~BDkPL1zIbXjgXlwQkdYjPg~This place is awesome. You get your money's worth of food and it's fast and delicious. Best butter chicken in  downtown core in my book.~butter chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~nhBdp8TTIEhLQHbQH_We8w~After taking several bites from the potato salad, I had a feeling that my stomach was just gonna burst. It was terrible! They didn't even have chicken available when we ate there. Definitely do not recommend.~potato salad ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~R0VPrBSbTWZG0-IdeYJAjw~Beautiful setting with good buffet food but the wait and host/hostess staff were bad.  When they were seating us they sat our party & 2 others at the same time & I overheard the first party say there were 10 of them & the hostess said "well I don't know nothin' about no party for 10, this is for 2, you guests be gettin' on my nerves today," and some other rant and rave-nothing that was very pleasant or hostess like. Then we sat there for several minutes waiting for someone to take our drink order & when I saw the waiter serving the table next to us I asked if we could have coffee & juice, and after we got it we NEVER saw him again.  Won't go back.~coffee ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~yt1qv-sJT35COhBe626h3Q~I passed here many times, but never really gave it a chance until Saturday, July 5 after exiting the car adjacent car wash where my friend was getting his car washed. Entered the place and I was greeted by the cashier who made me feel right at home. Great selection of traditional Pakistani/Indian plates at your disposition, I ordered two Butter Chicken specials to go and was extremely pleased with the serving size, price, and taste.  Regardless of all the negative reviews on here (they're more like whiners than diners), I will definitely will be coming here more to try out more selections in the near future.~butter chicken ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Ol58pNqaVrCEOryG5aTU4g~As a Pakistani born in Canada who misses home cooked meals I come to King Palace when I need a fix of south asian food. I am very selective in what I order. My first experience with the rice was not as good as my experience with their naan. I very much recommend the naan over the rice. My favorite dishes are the haleem, channa, and butter chicken. The daal looks good too but I have never tried it. The people behind the counter of course let you try anything if you are unsure of the taste or want to see if something is spicy enough. I know the idea of them popping it in the microwave bothers some but I always get mine to go and enjoy it at home. Many South Asians come here. As the reviews state many cab drivers come and let me tell you cab drivers wives usually cook AMAZING dishes so if they come the food has to be decent. I know it definitely cannot beat real home cooked south asian meals but it definitely satisfies my cravings when I can't get fresh cooked food.~butter chicken ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kNgKN6myuB1kJbuH3J1idg~LOVEEE the cupcakes! I dont have a sweet tooth but this place is really good. My favorite cupcake is the red velvet and the vanilla. The staff is friendly as well~cupcakes ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~fptclt2Pp3qyuyoy24g5Xw~The Wynn is amazing! The buffet was well appointed with loads of traditional American and international choices. The coffee was wonderful and the staff was very attentive. We sat in the garden room and it was magical and a romantic breakfast. One of my favorite meals in Vegas!~coffee ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~txi7qRlpHFMxLPSF1CmXgQ~Torn!  I'm always torn with high end buffets!  The decor was beautiful, and the variety of foods that you have to choose from is enormous!  But in the end, MOST of it is just breakfast food!  They did have a few items that were unique, stood out, and were delicious, but if you tend to stick to traditional breakfast fare, you're really not going to get your money's worth!  The service was average, but they were friendly and polite.  But for as much as this places charges, it wasn't that crowded, and it took quite a while to receive our first cup of coffee.  I was expecting a little more.  But if you're looking for the wow factor when it comes to selection and decor, this buffet is perhaps the best that I've been to.  Overall, if you're looking for a Vegas buffet experience, it's worth the visit!~coffee ~3 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~02c6UETmG6iXHnN0Ymqddw~Not the best in Vegas but pretty good. They deliver too and that's awesome, especially if you lazy. Love their hamburger steak and musubis!~hamburger steak ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~QaF36hZcp5NQn6ZoNQiXvQ~Great tasting flavourful cupcakes.  I wish they offered more customizable options. They sometimes have an eod sale sale on Friday evenings where they sell they sell cup cakes at 50% off regular price which is worth it. They can be a tad too sweet for some people though.~cupcakes ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~5SxgH_FdaV2B5zAcIOxRwQ~Had lunch here and was amazed by the food and all the options. The menu had a nice selection for vegetarians. I loved the potato taquitos. Went back for dinner the next day. Only downside is the place had a small smell of old beer.~potato taquitos ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~pwjSxwA8t9_x8tR9TNN_tQ~Good service, you pay after eating. Creative idea with pizza cone, got BBQ chicken and Hawaiian. Was a little cold in the middle, but delicious anyways! Onion rings are solid too. Limited seating, around 3 tables.~bbq chicken ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~w_Ezv_cX5RzEuwdKsmDuxQ~Amazing Indian food, loved the butter chicken and the fresh naan bread. They are open all night!!  Until 6am~butter chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-1WjG7YHC5NjBDKa2dmArg~This was my first time to this place and probably the last! When you walk in to any service business you expect a certain amount of kindness and professionalism. Well not here. we were met with a rude cashier who kept screaming NEXT as if there was no one in line. Next I saw all these signs telling you what you can't do in this place like do not dump anything in the soda dispenser drain and check your order before you leave and so on. Finally when we were able to place a order the extremely rude cashier seemed so irritated that we actually had the nerve to enter this place that she had no desire to even take our order or answer any questions that we had. The price was decent but on the expensive side, 20 dollars for 2 people without drinks. So we finally get our order and knowing that i have to check my bag because i read the sign that had it printed in BOLD letters, I noticed that I was missing my potato salad. So the rude cashier looks over and says WHAT. And I said I'm missing my potato salad so she opens the cooler and basically throws it at me with very good accuracy as if she has done this many times. So then my brother asked her if she missed his potato salad also and she screams out I DON'T KNOW CHECK YOUR BAG, As if she has somehow forgotten what she put in there 30 seconds ago.   Bottom line food is good but it's not worth the effort you have to go through to get it. The staff is so bad that I will go out of my way to go somewhere else. The owners should be aware that the service of this place has gotten to the point that people won't even go there so they don't have to deal with the worst service they have ever had. In todays economy where people are choosing carefully where to spend their money you need to have something special and this place should put up a big sign that says:  GO AWAY WE DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY!!!!!  They will never get anymore of mine.~potato salad ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8b1AU6rgXoJ0WtcMUAMt2g~Great place for Happy Hour!  They have delicious margaritas and the Big Ass hamburger is second to none.  A must stop anytime I'm in Scottdale.~hamburger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~8jSUPiUtJtSHrNggdXdc6g~The buffet (breakfast) is a one and done type of thing. Pay/try once, but don't repeat. You learn fast that there are other less expensive/better options albeit with of course less variety. The coffee is weak, omelette stand is great, and the bread selection (danishes, croissants etc.) can be delicious. The specialty fruit drinks for breakfast are a nice unique option.~coffee ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~_C-VEKRQLvfz7O2Ti40wnw~This place has really delicious BBQ. I would have given it a 5 if the chicken wasn't a little dry and the interior of the facility was a little neater and cleaner. I'm not saying it was dirty, it's just the trashy sign on the fountain drink saying not to put stuff in the drain. I also didn't like the "real" trash can being turned around so there's no access to the door and a large "kitchen" grey trash can sitting right beside it. All in all a good visit, but not a 5.~chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~BFTXQPb11OBUoqIIZ1GpKQ~Good drinks and a great atmosphere. I had the calamari appetizer and it was lightly breaded and not over cooked. The basil marinara went really well with it! The lobster roll is delicious too! Not overly dressed.~lobster roll ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~DN7RBFIUwkuCNc5Bc_pQ-A~Such a cool place! Stopped in for lunch and had a wonderful experience. Even got a free appetizer for checking in! Split an order of delicious calamari followed by a lobster roll. The roll was messy but worth it. Would definitely return and recommend to friends.~lobster roll ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~fzdh9USw7klcXDSlH9q5Ww~Umm can you say Gotcha Bitch. So, I checked yelp for a good buffet to eat at and found the Wynn - I should have read the reviews first or called ahead 'cause when I showed up, I was expecting to pay 20 or so for breakfast, but ended up paying $32 + tip. Apparently on the weekends the iike to rape you for more money and the price is the same all day (may cost more for dinner). I loved the food, don't get me wrong, but damn can I save a little money for drinking, gambling, or hookers? There were tons of vegetarians choices, fresh squeezed orange juice, and real premium coffee. Easily the best food that I had on the strip during my week here.~coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~zeq89u3rIYJKrHT4k6K8zg~I feel like The Buffet has lost some of its luster. I've been there many times (probably 4-5x?) since 2007 and it always has a delicious selection and friendly service. This last trip was a bit hit or miss. The food selection was not as great, and many of the items were "just ok" or pretty plain/standard. Additionally we waited at least 15 min just to get coffee!  Having been to Wicked Spoon twice and my most recent trip this past Nov, I used to think The Buffet was better but now I think Wicked Spoon has surpassed. Not only in selection and presentation, but also the flavor combinations are more interesting and unique!~coffee ~3 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~QlcgMDW1duWBFW1AbHH1WQ~Best cuban sandwich in Las Vegas~sandwich ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~UB_Px3-d2QBFgkf6L3VWYQ~Awesome place, staff is nice, food is delicious, and customizable, and they have great fries.   The whole pizza in a cone idea is wonderful as well, a much nicer way to eat everyone's favourite food!~fries ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~KZ9wO1vmeNqMvZZS6DTT5w~Enjoyed our brunch here at wynn - impressed with the food choices (omelet stations, carving stations, asian station that has lugaw/congee!, etc etc). also their coffee is good and strong, just the way i like it.  i didnt get to try everything, but i thought it would be worth a dinner visit...~coffee ~4 
La Ligne Rouge~onion rings-fried chicken~wL3yEbvQGfDsNoRm8-OYig~It's official, La ligne Rouge has officially earned the last star! I've been here almost every week when im in town and it get's better every time. I love that the food is consistent and the service is great! I am a very harsh yelper and I rarely give restaurants a five star. The consistency of the food, the satisfied feeling you get after every bite and the sadness that overwhelms your soul when the food is finished is what determines a 5 star restaurant to me! Absolutely the BEST poutine, gyro and onion rings I've eaten in my life!~onion rings ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~fq4sLtLFlev2ifq1tbBIZg~Bottom Line: Food is mediocre despite nice ambience and service  Food lacks flavor. It's as simple as that. There is nothing about the food that makes you want to come back...even for bar food. All of the dishes lack flavor. They look pretty on the plate but the flavors are not there. The calamari is dry and flavorless. The wings come dry without sauce; you have to ask them to "toss the wings in sauce" to  get what is normal wings(wet wings drizzling in sauce) anywhere else. If you don't ask that, they serve fried chicken with dipping sauces, sorry I can get that at KFC not at a supposed premium bar. The salads taste wilted and the dressings seem to lack flavor. The beer was mediocre. The menu is entirely too large.  This place is a hit because of it's location and it's  atmosphere. It's an upscale sports bar resembling the Yard House  so a lot of people like to come here to have comfortable seating, nice service and nice tv's. But the food was very disappointing and if you care about what you eat, look elsewhere.~fried chicken ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~JCxDI6rfWGiNB98aPGMrww~Really overpriced.   Without the view, this restaurant would not make it.  I don't mind paying for an expensive meal, but it was barely above average.  My wife ordered salmon cooked well and it was raw in the middle.   My rib eye was over $50 and it was very average with a lot of extra fat.   Table of 8 and too noisy to talk across to the other side of the  table.   Go for one very expensive drink at sunset and then find another restaurant for dinner.~salmon ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-mvIUYRx7pK_0Kiy5uZ-kQ~Recommended by Sheraton hotel staff this was a welcome surprise. The BBQ was awesome , i had the chopped beef and it was great. The BBQ sauce was awesome, and the service was very friendly. A definite place to visit when in Pheonix~beef ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~cDFlr8McPr58vz7GLz94Dg~This was my second visit. They hit all the right notes. Sunset and view lived up to my expectations. Our server was spot on. Everyone thought the meal was great. I had fresh  cold oysters. We had Sea Bass, filet mignon, and salmon. All perfectly prepared and plated. Was an elegant evening.~salmon ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~UVEBwRB_Zm2hnRexM9Jegg~i've been here twice and got the lobster roll both times. I am always skeptical of fresh seafood in inland locations but Wholey's does not disappoint. The lobster was fresh and succulent and the bread was buttery and crispy.  The first time I went to Wholey's the owner came out and talked with us. I'm convinced he was trying to set my friend up with his son. And he also asked us to stay a while so that the place would look busy.  The second time I came it was with my sister in law and her mother. Again, he asked us to sit and stay there a while so that the place would look busy. Cheesy, but nice nonetheless. During this occasion we were celebrating my sister in law's new job. It was a Tuesday afternoon and they had $5 fireball shots. Enough said.  The atmosphere is fun, the food is good and this is the go-to restaurant for fresh seafood in Pittsburgh!~lobster roll ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~HAmoiRgbbWXL7ZdxpILo_w~We had such a great experience that we went back the next day for lunch. My husband was dying to try the Pittsburgh style lobster roll. It was amazing. I went with the catfish bites which were fantastic as well. I highly recommend this place. We had the same waitress the next day for lunch who provides us with excellent service again.~lobster roll ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_-_cwIX3bEu3bzZFGzUU4Q~My wife and I stopped in here for happy hour and sat at the bar.  The bar tender was a neat guy that made us feel welcome.  I had the hamburger and I was surprised by the quality and size.  The happy hour price was a really good deal.~hamburger ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~uGmoWVKeUHEsd-i6beA6_A~The lobster roll here is really great. I've only been here once because I can never make it to the strip district during normal hours but I would definitely come back again. The service was particularly okay and the Bloody Mary was pretty good too! You can never go wrong with seafood and theirs is always fresh and delicious!~lobster roll ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~hu_aPMcB8ij5jyuCyafusQ~I remember reading about this place in NOW magazine years ago and we were driving by, I needed water and so we stopped and I ran in. I saw the line up of amazing looking foods! I ran out, grabbed boyfriend and we went in and ordered food! I had a combo of the butter chicken and I think tikka masala (can't remember) now. Everything was great and the meal included naan! Know that you're eating in a fast foody feeling environment, next to a car wash, where you're surrounded by taxi drivers (who clearly know their food). Don't come here for a romantic dinner, come for the great food! Prices are pretty good as well! Mmmm..am hungry thinking about it!~butter chicken ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~KTvRWIGs3kGjiz-9YJCraw~This place used to be the best. But about 6 months ago I started noticing a slight decrease in quality. The butter chicken is much greasier than it used to be. The nan is still good, but they increased the price to about $13 for a meal, which is slightly more than I want to pay for the decreased quality.   We used to go every week, but now its less than once a month and~butter chicken ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xD4AWuHuoA8GmMzlPXxx5w~The barbecue chicken is delicious. I only gave it three stars because they only serve it on Fridays. Bummer.~chicken ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~e9S3P7W-bEdkB8AAynYnzg~I recall the best tasting salmon of my life making such a good impression, it's the only thing I desire. Food is cooked to perfection. The views are breathtaking out there! I feel like eating here can't be topped in all of AZ.~salmon ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~Fqyh6U_AqKLUSLAzE8hgfw~I LOVE Prairie Girl. The best cupcakes in the city (in my opinion). My favourite is def the strawberry. I have ordered multiple times for many occasions, and always get their custom cakes for events! :_~cupcakes ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~VdIfm8duGZaeiptazROnVQ~Oh so good!!!  We were 7 people and waited in line for maybe 20 minutes on a Sunday at 11am. Not bad at all... Once seated and mimosa drink orders taken we hit the buffet. There were so many choices and everything looked good. I did 2 rounds of "real food" and then we hit up the dessert area.  We were celebrating my mom's b-day and the waitress brought me a candle and matches to use which was very nice of her.  Take a look at my pics and you can see how yummy everything was and the decor was beautiful too.  *What was really cool was our waitress brought us huge coffee cups filled with mimosas to leave with. She topped off our champagne flutes too which we poured in to the to go cups.~coffee ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~PM_qqD1J645AYTe__BgDDw~Their cupcakes are always very appealing and tasty. Love their mini size. Also their customer service is always great. Today, an Asian gentleman served us and he was very pleasant. He introduced and explained to us about the new loyalty program called Belly. Meanwhile, I noticed their line got longer and immediately another gentleman from the kitchen came out to help with the line. Very efficient. I have been to the other location on Victoria Street which was always excellent service. This one in the food court is also very good.~cupcakes ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dNPemDji0fVqVcWNp4GkmA~Went to the Wynn hotel buffet with high expectations . After all, the Wynn hotel is suppose to be one of Vegas' top hotels... Well, we were disappointed ... We arrived at 7pm , so we figured the food would still be fresh ... That was not the case... I also chose this because of the all u can drink option, which is a plus, but it didn't make up for the food ... Also, we sat by a spot where it stunk like garbage and coffee grounds... Disgusting!!! I considered leaving based on that , but sucked it up...   Unfortunately , we won't ever return to eat here again ... I wanted to like it, but the Wynn let us down... The Bachannal at Ceaser's is 100 times better...~coffee ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~NdxyzyNudV7JegzgkmHFEA~5 stars for the one of the Best Damm Happy Hour's in the Valley. When it comes to doing happy hour there is only one spot that comes to mind, Roaring Fork has the best deals going whether it is the Green Chili, the Flat bread or the Big Ass Burger these items are fantastic and the Prickly Pear Margarita is a must try... this place is a home run, and they are doiting it every night in the bar for the summer, which means Elliot and the gang down there will be seeing a lot more of us..~burger pear ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~EkS4d-zPkIX9I_dmd0GaEw~This was the second Cuban restaurant I've tried in town, after Rincon Criollo. My friend and I decided on the fried mashed potato with ground beef filling to start. The hard outer shell on the potatoes was great. My friend said that they "found a way to make chicken-fried mashed potatoes." We each decided to order a different sandwich and split them. I got the Cuban sandwich and he ordered the chorizo sandwich. The chorizo was good, with slices of fried chorizo and grilled onions, but the Cuban sandwich was the highlight. With much more meat than at Rincon and a mustard that added just the right amount of spice, I wanted to steal back the half that I gave my friend. We finished things out with the Tres Leches cake, which was as delightful as advertised. This was quite honestly one of the tastiest cakes I have ever tried.   The service was good and our waitress was concerned with making sure we were having a good first experience. The decor was also impressive. All in all, one of the better meals I've had in a while, and I will definitely be coming back often.   One more thing: try the Iron Beer soda. It's reminiscent of Dr. Pepper with a slightly fruitier profile and a more pronounced vanilla flavor.   Varadero has my highest recommendation.~mashed potato ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~fLtqhI_ks4UDXkbkw3KpQg~I like the overall restaurant service is really great food is was  on point the salmon was really good. Great views as well.~salmon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8lwGf-rO6ArU0XpqFNioAw~Am I the only person in the metro Scottsdale  area who doesn't think this place is the cats pajamas? There was no one there under the age of 55, walkers were more prominent than able bodies and the food was ehh. The $14 "big ass burger" I was hyped up about was ok, as were the fries, but nothing phenomenal. Maybe in 20+ years I'll head back with my titanium hip and love the place. Service was on point - extremely attentive and fast - crumb scraper and all.~burger fries ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~sLVbhoMZZaxivpVHsykCaQ~This place is ridiculous.  For the record, the view is really nice and worth seeing, but the food is atrocious.  It's not that the ideas for a particular dish aren't interesting, it's that the meats, cuts, and vegetables are flavorless and/or terrible.  For a $35 salmon dish, the salmon dish was farmed!  Farmed salmon at a restaurant like this!  What are they trying to pass off on us?!?  Moreover, the wine list was terrible.    So the view may be good but if I remember correctly, you go to restaurants for food.  But, apparently the restaurateurs who conceived the elements don't subscribe to this philosophy.~salmon salmon salmon ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OgwmAdP5bN8OBI-vEs_CFw~We went for happy hour one weekday and ordered a glass of wine, mojito, and a burger.  Happy hour prices were good, the burger was pretty good, but very big, my husband & I shared it, and were full for the rest of the evening.  We found Roaring Fork to be about a 3.5 stars, it was good but not great.~burger burger ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~UiCl5dhlWXqD7ZEWUxATfQ~One of the best BBQ restaurants I've been too. The place looks a little run down, but it only adds character. Open late (til 9:30pm I believe) this is a quick, easy lunch or dinner for us.  My favorites are the BBQ beef sandwich, potato salad and the cobbler is great too. A definite must! And there are multiple locations throughout the Valley.~beef sandwich potato salad ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~4TvWPA2R6L6lN5LT_Vc7dg~Awesome place. I saw this place on a general TV program called Wisconsin Foodie and I was excited to try this place.  The food was great. The cheese platter was awesome, and the baked mac and cheese was fantastic. The aioli was the best I have ever had. I would recomment this place 100%.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Geno's Restaurant~onion rings-salad~vjd-RKZB1NBEqP_m992vnw~I've eaten here once - and half their menu was missing....on a Tuesday.  And they didn't seem to care.  I came for the wings, but wound up having to settle for onion rings and a quesadilla.  Yuck. It wasn't even that good.  I tried giving it another shot, twice, but found it was closed.  Once on a Thursday night and once on a Friday night.  What kind of bar is closed on a Friday night?!?!?!~onion rings ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xKLyAKCYswz7i5cYwVJ8uw~I've always wanted to try this place, but after going here today for lunch it will be my last time. First of all, impression is everything to me. The cashier was rude and I'm not sure if she even knew how snappy and rude she was to everyone. Some of the workers didn't look too happy to be working today which totally messed up my mood. I had the BBQ chicken sandwich and it was moist but not seasoned. The cashier ruined my experience and management needs to check her attitude!  Also, the volume on the radio needs to be turned down in the back. If you're waiting for your number to be called you can just forget about hearing them.~bbq chicken ~1 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~tfWh9i4M4-_-KbpKeerw4A~Cute quick stop for nice fluffy cupcakes to satisfy your cravings!  Came here to buy cupcakes for a pregnant coworker as a gift (and treated myself to one) and was happy they had little signs for sale to place on my cupcake. Got a "baby" sign for 50 cents and had all my cupcakes To Go.   Box didn't last my subway ride uptown and unfortunately buttercream icing started to melt in this hot and humid weather. Cousin's paper bag started to rip as well so try not to travel too far with these treasures!  Still manage to do some surgery on them and they were great! Staff is also super sweet and helpful! Will definitely visit the full store next time as this is a small shop in the Marketplace.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sZXqmVTe3WxjqoYmFR9Wnw~I've dined here twice and have been blown away each time.  The first visit was with a colleague at work.  He suggested that we drop by here for some Happy Hour drinks and some grub.  The 2nd time was with a large group of 20 people.  During both visits I had:  Queso con Puerco, $9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=bKnbIsW4l8RTkaS9V6WMdQ#bKnbIsW4l8RTkaS9V6WMdQ  Fresh Guacamole, $9  Kettle of Green Chile Pork, $10 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=4BV1eQ1pIjNl_31O18pXnw#4BV1eQ1pIjNl_31O18pXnw  Pork Wings (Dr. Pepper BBQ Sauce, Hominy, Pickled Vegetables, & Cotija Cheese), $12 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=7oUjMc9Y-to7ukr8hZF66A#7oUjMc9Y-to7ukr8hZF66A  Big Ass Burger (Poblano Pepper, Cheddar, Smoked Pepper Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Pickles, & French Fries), $14  Filet Steak http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=SlhE1_wI2NJjRWSzL4CUtA#SlhE1_wI2NJjRWSzL4CUtA  The Queso con Puerco is melted Cheese with a green Chile Pork added to it.  It's ridiculously good.....and addicting!  Trust me, you won't stop eating it once you have a bite.  The Guacamole is awesome too.  However, I suggest that you give this a try before the Queso con Puerco so that you can taste the full flavor of the Guac.  If you eat the Queso first, the sharp flavors will override the creamy, smooth, subtle flavors of the Guac.  The Guac is outstanding and definitely a must have.  The Kettle of Green Chile Pork is pretty good.  It has similar flavors to the Queso, but without the Cheese.  It comes with Tortillas for dipping, wrapping, stuffing, etc.    The Pork Wings were awesome and very interesting.  They look like a Chicken Wing at first glance, but then you realize it's a Pork Rib cooked/cut to look like a Wing, but much larger.  These are full of flavor and a must have.  The Big Ass Burger is big and sloppy.  The Poblano Pepper and Smoked Pepper Bacon flavors are prominent and offer a unique taste....which is very good.  Very difficult to take a bite of all layers at once...ha!  The Filet has a smokey flavor to it.  It was cooked perfectly and very satisfying.    The service here is outstanding.  Despite being very busy during both visits, we had impeccable service.  Hats off to management and the staff.  Return Factor - 100%~pork pork hominy cheese burger poblano bacon lettuce tomato pickles french fries ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RViAwssGx3lswP7kCzN--Q~We were excited to try Roaring Fork and especially for the all day Monday happy hour pricing. It was a disappointment.  Service was fine, it was the food that was not good. We were glad to have only paid the reduced happy hour prices, but it was so bad, that it was not even worth those prices.  We ordered: Pork Wings, Grilled Fish Tacos, and the Roaring Fork Big Ass Burger.  The pork wings were fine, not too exciting. The sauce was like a sweet marinara, not what we were looking for from the Dr. Pepper BBQ description.  The fish tacos were ok.  The remoulade was tasty as were the vegetables, but the fish was very plain. Even at happy hour prices, this was 2 fish tacos for $10... so $5 per taco... so they should have been great or at least good. They were fine, but only worth a buck a piece.  The burger was a real problem. We ordered it medium rare and it came out rare, like cold in the center rare. They graciously refired it, but it was not to be fixed (still rare on the refire). So they made us a new one - which was not medium rare, and not medium, but well done, as in hockey puck well done.  At that point we just gave up.  It was a bust of a dinner.   We left disappointed and having spent $46 before tip on ho hum food.  Definitely skip this one.~pork tacos burger pork tacos tacos taco burger ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~vAZ5BtBZQNhZNwZX7W-Omw~Let's start with the positive, which begins about an hour after we sat in the bar area - the Big Ass Burger is big and delicious.  Now to the rest:  We ordered the Green Chile Pork appetizer after asking our waiter to help us decide between that and the guacamole and queso.  We take our time ordering dinner because we have an appetizer coming - except that we don't.  When it becomes clear it isn't arriving we start eyeing the kitchen for signs of our dinner.    Our meal shows up much later than our leisurely ordering would have dictated and we advise our waiter not to bring the Green Chile Pork. He responds "You didn't get that?"  I was thinking, "you helped us order it but you didn't bring it, you didn't arrange for it to be brought, and you certainly didn't clear it from our table prior to serving our entrees and still you seem surprised."  But because I am on a sarcasm control regimen I just said, "No, we didn't."  Two of us ordered fish tacos which were very tasty but 4 of the six tacos across the two plates served were extremely undercooked.  We are not afraid of fish a bit under temperature but this was well below that.    On the plus side the manager stopped by to apologize.  On the minus side he was unaware that both orders were off.  Plus - he recovered quickly and graciously said he was buying our drinks.  Minus - he comped less than half the drinks.  We were a party of 4 and none of us ordered another drink after his offer so our drinks were fully accounted for on our bill at the time and we were not trying to take advantage. Perhaps he comped just the drinks of the two who ordered the tacos but the meal was interrupted for all as we waited for the re-fire.  On to dessert.  Plus - the good and hot coffee came quickly and the chocolate infused pecan pie was delicious.  Minus - the pecan pie was very small and we were again craning our necks toward the kitchen looking for clues to its arrival as it was served well after the coffee.  Had the tacos been served correctly the first time the taste and quality of the food would have tipped this over to a 3 star review.  The food was really very good but difficult to enjoy when the overall meal was so poorly managed.  We are divided about a return visit.~burger pork pork tacos tacos tacos coffee pie pie coffee tacos ~2 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~sx3nO_YXfG4CQzlVZTrNyg~I like the concept of a pizza cone! A combo comes with your choice of pizza cone + drink + fries or onion rings. You can upgrade to tornado fries.   The combo would fill you up. The tiny cone is packed with ingredients and flavours. They are made fresh, so you may have to wait a bit for your food.   I tried the tornado fries, it's alright. I haven't tried their pizza or wings or sandwiches, but I feel like I can probably get just as good if not better pizza/sandwiches elsewhere. Their pizza cone is a unique idea and I would come back for more yummy cones.~fries onion rings fries fries sandwiches sandwiches ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~n12pYMF03zYNFiiIsfcF8w~The down and dirty greasy spoon of Pakistani food, this place is popular with the taxi drivers, likely for it's drive up and take-out style (there is some seating)  Dozens upon dozens of dishes to choose from, and the food is OK, good enough for a late night Indian food fix at least.  But honestly, it's not spectacular, so I'm not sure why there are so many 5-star ratings. I assume it's because the sight of the large selection of food is overwhelmingly exciting, either that or they're just a bunch of wankers showing their lack of experience. Regardless, still recommended.  The only thing that really irks me every time I eat there is they insist on microwaving everything in the takeout Styrofoam containers they use. I like to get it cold and take home for warming.  Worst saag paneer I've ever had! Very very good, and delicious Naan. Need more Naan! Mango chicken is tasty, not greasy. Perfect for the reluctant ones. Lamb and beef were chewy. Not recommended. Curry is good. Daal is good. Butter chicken is ok.  Make sure you order as a combo, it comes with everything you need. Things get a little pricey if you start trying to order pieces of things separately.~paneer mango chicken lamb beef butter chicken ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~YmQtDLX_-D9oPoGQY2ZRzQ~Had lunch here today with Hubby and a couple of his co-workers. On Thursdays and Fridays they have catfish, so I took the bait. So glad I did- 2 big pieces of perfectly fried catfish- just barely done on the inside and a nice light, crispy, and non-greasy cornmeal exterior. So yummy! The fries were pretty good, too, with a light dusting of a seasoned salt. I tried Hubby's BBQ beef sandwich, and is was just ok. We all liked the zingy BBQ sauce.  Minus one star for a limited menu compared to other BBQ joints (and RC colas) and minus another star for the young employees who acted like they were put out by taking orders. So sorry to interrupt your huddled chit-chat in the corner.~fries beef sandwich ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~hpm-1VKt5ZCZJXKOJ7cMJQ~Some of the best BBQ around, be sure to sauce it up good and try the chicken and ribs! YUM!~chicken ribs ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~Vc1DjcmhWZBxjDmTk5DpQw~We have been a big fan of Dublin's but tonight the food was less than acceptable. We ordered the onion rings first and they were under fried and bland and very greasy. Two orders of the seafood chowder were very good. One order of fish and chips was also great and the house salad was also good. However an order of the Ribeye was the worst ribeye ever ordered anywhere! Very thin piece of under quality steak that was grizzly and very hard to eat..asked for the manager and she was not accommodating..only offered another entree and we were not going to wait for another meal as we had been there for over an hour!!! The potato pancakes and the carrots that came with the so called ribeye were both VERY greasy and under cooked.. Very Very disappointed!! There are too many other restaurant options in Champaign!~onion rings chowder chips salad steak potato pancakes ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Be3BlSZJp_yZO3bIAYJIuA~Quick rundown: Fantastic atmosphere, very fast service (on a Sunday night), only drawback was the food.  My friend and I arrive at around 7pm to a decent sized line with about a 30 minute wait. Something tells me had we shown up 30 minutes to an hour earlier we could've walked in no problem because within 10 minutes the line had grown significantly behind us.  Price was about $80 for the two of us, including free (non-alcoholic) drink refills and coffee. The waiters were very attentive about it, usually making it over just after I emptied my glass.  As for the atmosphere, it's absolutely gorgeous. When you first walk in, the place is literally decked out in flowers, with a very springtime feel. Many restaurants I go to tend to keep the lights dim, but it was very well lit here, making the colors of the flowers stand out even more. Don't worry about being dressy. However a sign stated that all shirts had to have sleeves (for men at least).  As for the workers, some were more outgoing than others, but for the most part I was greeted by anyone who I walked past. The guys serving food (especially dessert) were all friendly and chatty, even offering suggestions.  Now for the food: It wasn't all that bad, but considering I hinge my buffet experience on the food, I was pretty disappointed. There were a couple of standouts, mostly in the seafood section. Crab legs (WERE ALREADY OPENED AND PERFECTLY CUT), clams were delicious, and sushi was fantastic but very small selection. The BBQ ribs were so tender that they literally melted in my mouth, so amazing, only wish there was more sauce on them. The veal was to die for! If you eat nothing else there, have the veal.   The rest of selection however didn't thrill me. There was hummus but the pita bread was (ehh). There were small Asian & Mexican sections (egg roll, tamales [kinda dry in my opinion], burritos, etc). There was also a very tender, yet poorly seasoned beef brisket. Really, you NEED to have a sauce with it. Moving down there was decent meatloaf, disappointing lasagna as well as some other Italian food, pastas, etc. Nothing or that stood out. Finally there were oysters (ok) and some really dry salmon (such a disappointment). Besides that, there was tons of bread but most of it seemed as if it had been out all day, and then a huge selection of cold cuts if you wanted to make a sandwich and tons of toppings, which brings me to my next point:  WHERE WAS THE CHEESE? I don't know if it's just me, but I like to have something cheesy every once in a while. Especially if I go to the buffet, but there was a distinct lack of cheese in everything there, even the Italian food. I was really, really turned off by this.  As for the desserts, there were tons of choices served tapas style. Small portions of cakes, etc. so that you could try out a lot of different flavors. Unfortunately, most of them weren't all that good. The cakes were dry and lacked sweetness. Even the rice krispies were hardened as if they'd been left to sit for hours. The things you definitely want to try in the dessert section are the sorbet, which was scrumptious, and the warm brownie with almonds. Throw some ice cream on top and the mixture of warm brownie and cold ice cream just makes my heart smile.  Very interesting note: They had these fruit cups with alcohol in them. Pretty awesome. One of them was watermelon with tequila in it. The other was pineapples with malibu rum and coconut shavings. I hate coconut, but I loved this.  What's crazy is that it sounds like I ate a lot. I'm 5'10 165lbs, so I'm not a big person. My friend is about my size, just a bit taller. We actually finished trying just about everything and still had quite a bit of room left. I polished off a few more of those crab legs because I was still in amazement i could just pick large chunks of meat out with a fork. He tackled some more sorbet and we called it a night. We left there fairly satisfied with our fullness, but partially disappointed at the meal.  Tipped the waiters pretty handsomely though because they were awesome the whole night.~coffee sushi ribs pita egg roll tamales burritos beef brisket meatloaf lasagna salmon sandwich cheese cheese desserts rice krispies ice cream ice cream coconut coconut ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~bYGzZkGoukXWMDjoVCNP5Q~The great thing about this place is that it is quick to get a nice treat and the packaging is very efficient.  They offer sturdy boxes for most common denomination of cupcake purchases and they sell for less than a dollar cupcake toppers for birthdays and etc.  So when I had to get a set of treats for a friend I went here and I was in and out in less time that it would have taken me to get timbits.  The ladies helping me were efficient and very friendly.  the cupcakes taste ok, nothing mind-blowing but they are pretty well priced and the icing overkill is forgivable especially since you are getting so much from other places.   If I need a cupcake fix I will definitely keep this one in my backpocket.~cupcakes ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~hL1HYQ9ituOX5-B9xHXw4w~Decent value. Generous portions. Beef, pulled pork, cowboy beans and bbq sauce are good. Hot links not very good; more like a cheap hot dog. Potato salad disappointing. Nice staff who are willing to customize orders.~beef pulled pork ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~mi8EZ070wUT2UNnol5RZ2A~Let me start off by saying cupcakes are not my thing. After trying Prairie Girl's cupcakes, my opinion has not wavered. The cake portion is very moist, which I do appreciate, but the icing is too sweet and and piled too high.   HOWEVER, this place is awarded 4 stars from me because the cupcakes are adorable and make for an excellent gift. The people that I have given the cupcakes to have all  thoroughly enjoyed it. The shop also sells 50 cent decors (including 'Happy Birthday' ones) that you can use to jazz up the cupcake to suit any occasion. One star has been deducted because the box that holds the cupcake in place does not actually prevent the cupcake from tipping over. I urge you to carry that box upright and not swing it! Trust me, I learned this the hard way.~cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8j0eMJIBPHgNRO-9KmdfZQ~Overall, just unimpressive. This place receives way too much hype for the quality of the food. I came here with my mom, boyfriend, and brother for Mother's Day brunch. We were seated in a timely fashion, and the service was great, but the food left something to be desired. We ordered beignets to start, and they were warm and fresh, but not as light and fluffy as I would have liked. My boyfriend had chicken and waffles. The waffle was cold and strangely chewy, and served with cold maple syrup. And the chicken was far too heavily breaded. I got the kielbasa and eggs. The portion size was kind of sad, and the entire plate was severely under-seasoned. Thankfully they had salt and pepper on the tables, but I expect eggs and home fries to come with at least a pinch of salt on them. Both my mom and brother got the eggs Benedict and were relatively satisfied, but did say that the English muffins were a weird chewy texture. In general, you're paying for a great hipster atmosphere and good service, but it's by no means top notch food.~chicken and waffles waffle chicken kielbasa home fries ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~TVTC0uhkAGp6w7lYj_Unxg~I ordered a BBQ beef sandwich meal which also came with one side and a drink. I had the potato salad side dish which was served in a small styrofoam container. The potato salad ok but not spatacular. The sandwich was awful. The BBQ was cut in small pieces akin to pulled meat instead of slices. Then the doused the whole sandwich with BBQ sauce which made the bread became so soggy that one cannot even picked it up. I ate the sandwich with a fork instead. The BBQ was ok. It is not close to Texas or Kansas City BBQ.~beef sandwich potato salad ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zXramu0nR3aarwU-NJ6Fpg~Worth a visit. This is good food, not good people watching.   Think: Colorado take on southwestern food.   Ate: Pork Green Chili app. Grub. Little kettle of the stuff with four fresh made tortillas that arrive folded in a white paper bag - hot. 4.7/5 for flavor, quantity, value, and presentation.   "Big Ass Burger."  All made in house. Even the bun and fries. I don't think they keep the cattle there though. Burger was loosely packed, over-cooked, and a bit salty for my taste. But I am a critic. Jen thought it was average too. Also now $13 - was $10 6 mos ago according to other reviews. 2.75/5  "Huckleberry Bread Pudding."  Whoa. Like a hot gooey berry muffin with Ice-Cream. Awesome. Jen thinks it might be her favorite dessert of all time. 5/5  We were a little worried when we saw all the snow-birds in their ivy caps and studded mom jeans. Turned out to be just fine - and the service was pretty special for how reasonably priced everything was. Portions were serious - Jen and I shared everything and were stuffed. Can't imagine orgering your own app, entre, and dessert. No way.   Sorry about the typos. It's bright out here in the Scottsdale sun by the pool...~pork tortillas white burger fries burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~ViRmJsrQPDBS1s4w0DIeyg~Honey Bear's is the some of the best BBQ you can find in the Valley. I enjoy getting a half chicken half pork sandwich, but you can't go wrong with any selection. Limited menu but thats because they stick to wait there good at, BBQ sandwiches.~honey chicken pork sandwich sandwiches ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EIxWXqRYnYWIHu6qlo4cTg~I had high expectations for this place after reading all the positive reviews, but I think it's a little overrated. I wouldn't say it was terrible and the service was good, but we have no desire to go back. We took my parents there and they had the same feelings. The guacamole appetizer was ok. Dad had the big ass burger and said it was overdone. I took a bit and totally agree. Mom and wife had the sugar cured duck. It looked and tasted like pork and some had a bit of gristle. It didn't have a whole lot of flavor (I sampled it too). I had a mixed green salad with cranberries and pecans. It was probably the highlight of my meal. I ordered the spot roasted chicken for dinner because it looked and smelled awesome roasting when we walked in. Unfortunately the breast was dry and the thigh was tiny and I've probably had better chicken at Boston Market for a lot cheaper. Dad and wife liked the pecan toffee pie and ice cream. I didn't care for it but I don't like toffee. Overall disappointed and wouldn't really recommend this place unless you have money to burn.~burger pork salad chicken chicken pie ice cream ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gPcaj3wFWfL99q6Ijysv_g~Overall they had some good options. I had the BBQ beef with sweet potato fries. It was ok, nothing to write home about but maybe a yelp review. The ribs looked good too. The prices did seem a litttle high for what you got. Oh! They did not have sweet tea. The only BBQ joint I've been to without sweet tea.~beef sweet potato ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4_0KqYPDoUUk-3CDD9P9WQ~This is my favorite Vegas buffet (for the price range). I have come here for brunch before, but recently went back for dinner and the Wynn did not disappoint me.  Elegant, bright decor of flowers with clean, comfy dining furniture. Though I waited about 30 minutes, my waiting time was better than when I came for brunch, which was an hour wait.   Table service was prompt, never have I returned to my seat with a dirty plate still remaining.   They had good presentation of food items and cheerful cooking staff.   They have a cook-to-order noodle bar and pasta station, a carving station with perfectly cooked prime rib, pizza, dim sum, salad bar, and a well-stocked seafood bar of king crab legs and shrimp. What is great about the Wynn buffet's seafood is that the crab legs are cut in half and are ready to eat. (See my photo.) Less mess, no crab wrestling, and easier to eat. I easily used chop sticks or a fork to pull crab meat out of the shell. I also appreciate how there is a staff member behind the seafood bar dedicated to restocking the piles of crab and shrimp as there is a constant line past the noodle bar to get those items. At other buffets it's like a feeding frenzy once a bucket of crab lands on the ice.   My least favorite items were the lamb short ribs (tough, dried out meat), creme brulee (it was soupy, but I still ate two of them), sushi bar (California rolls suck and it would be nice to see more than three different sushi items), and the eggplant Parmesan (not even fully cooked).   However, the bread selection was awesome. The Wynn restaurants make great breads and they serve the same ones at the buffet.   The dessert selection was decent, the highlight was the ice cream parlor, which included coffee, pineapple, coconut, vanilla, and chocolate flavors.   I appreciate the availability of restrooms inside the restaurant. I don't have to walk out of the restaurant and across the casino to find one!   Price for dinner was $33.95 on a weeknight.~pasta salad shrimp shrimp lamb ribs sushi sushi breads ice cream coffee pineapple coconut ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~FZbczsXEpL5kqgt4f6-APg~Yep, the "Big Ass" Burger lived up to its name. Hard to finish (even without the bun). Sat at the bar, pleasantly surprised to enjoy all-night happy hour on a Monday night. (Sunday nights too!). $5 for a lovely glass of wine. Heck, I'll have two!  Bartenders were great -- busy and attentive. Bar is popular with locals. Outdoor seating area looked pleasant and popular too.  Not exactly a "sports bar" but two TVs over the bar did the trick for us to watch a game and have a great meal and drinks.~burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qvX6Io9hysHfXzTNRLdr-g~I'll go back for another opportunity at a very nice glass of Petite Syrah and their famous Big Ass Burger (or whatever its called) while sitting at the bar in a very comfortable surrounding.  Something seemed very charming about eating bar-side in an upscale restaurant, chatting with the keep, fire roaring off in a corner, and well-dressed patrons enjoying celebratory or power-meeting meals like green chile pork stew, slow roasted pork prime rib, and Dr Pepper Braised Beef Short Ribs.    I like their wood-roasted concept and works well in its only two locations worldwide, downtown Scottsdale and downtown Austin.   I would personally have a big-time, celebratory event here as it is worthy of such an occasion, but also worthy of a nice little meal up on the bar.~burger pork roasted pork ~4 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~DAlWWBnmOa_FzDgrhnSdEw~This just opened location is right across the street from the movie theater. There have been so many different restaurants in this space I can't keep track of them all.   The space is rather small compared to the previous restaurant that occupied the same space. I'm not sure why Burgatory didn't take more space as the storefront next door is available for lease and was a part of the last restaurant that was there. They need all the square footage they can get.   I still don't get why Burgatory doesn't take reservations so be prepared to wait 1 hour plus on the weekends now that the weather is nice. One really cool new feature they do have is that once you are put into the que of people waiting you can go to the No Wait App and see how many people are ahead of you and when it is time to walk back over to the restaurant.  The wife and I started off with our usual Berry Lemonades and our daughter had a Natrona Vanilla Cream Soda.  For an appetizer we got the Just Fork It (Fresh cut fries smothered with Braised Short Ribs, Cheddar Cheese Curds & Pan Gravy) They were EPIC and worth the wait themselves!   Next my daughter and I both got the Standard Deluxe Burger. It's a burger with White American Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and their House Burger Sauce. I added bacon and sauteed mushrooms to mine. It was huge and outstanding! The wife got the Hot Chick sandwich. (Grilled Herbed Chicken, Sharp Provolone, Tomatoes, House-Made Guacamole, Chipotle Sour Cream & Cilantro Leaves on Grilled Herbed Focaccia. Served with lightly dressed Field Greens.)  I also like the fact that you can build your own burger in 7 steps .   If you haven't been before here's how it works.  Step 1. Pick your burger.   You have a choice of beef, chicken, bison, sausage, lumb crab or veggie patty as a burger.   Step 2. Pick your bun.   Next you pick your bun with Brioche, Wheat, Baguette, Focaccia,  Topless or Full Monty Style as choices   Step 3. Pick your rub.   Choose from Angel Dust, Kona Crust, BBQ, Kingston Jerk,  Cracked Peppercorn and Bayou Cajun   Step 4. Pick your cheese for $1 more   Choose from Cheddar, White American, Horseradish Cheddar,  Sharp Provolone, Gorgonzola, Mozzarella, Smoked Gouda and Buffalo Cheddar.   Step 5. Pick your sauce.   Choose from Bourbon BBQ, Dijon Mayo, Banana Ketchup, House Sauce, Spicy Marinara, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Roasted Garlic Mayo, Sriracha Remoulade, Buttermilk Ranch, Spicy Ketchup,  Whole Grain Mustard, Avocado Wasabi, Bleu Cheese Dressing,  Buffalo Sauce, Relish and Chipotle Sour Cream   Step 6. Pick a topping for $1 to $1.50 more.   Choose from Fried Egg, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Avocado, Chicken Chili, Caramelized Onion Marmalade, Grilled Pineapple, Sauted Mushrooms, Maple Cured Ham, Onion Straws, Roasted Tomatoes, Grilled Onions, Brandied Peppercorn, Cabernet Sauce and Roasted Red Peppers.   Step 7. Pick a free topping.   Choose from Iceberg, Romaine, Field Greens, Baby Spinach,  Arugula, Red Onion, Tomato, Poblano Peppers, Cucumbers, Banana Peppers, Bread & Butter Pickles and Jalapenos. Lots of choices and ways to customize your burger.  Our waitress Jordan was great as well and took really good care of us. I think the Waterfront finally has a winner that will last in this once doomed space.~fries ribs cheese burger burger white american cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~NnSl_0Hb86bacDA6vXKu1g~Fantastic happy hour. If the fish tacos, guacamole and tortilla soup weren't amazing enough on the happy hour menu...they even make a terrific burger! You just can't go wrong with anything on the happy hour menu.   As for the regular menu, haven't had anything I didn't like but the best are definitely the fish dishes paired with the street corn!   Mmm, will be back soon!~tacos soup burger corn ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Nmm2tc0bJ_5pTuPIGNKrTA~I'd really give it a 3.5.  lol  Came here on a FRI, EARLY, and the place was bustling!  More proof that no one in Scottsdale cooks for themselves.  ;)  The service was a 4 for sure.  Attentive, without being overbearing.  At our table, we had the mixed green salad, the duck breast, the mixed grill, and the big ass burger.  The mixed salad was fresh - nothing amazing or different.  It was pretty typical of a balsamic salad.  The big ass burger is well named.  The thing was disgustingly huge, and unless you have a big ass appetite, you won't finish it.  It also has a spicy chili on it, so if that's not your thing, whip it off, or your tongue will be burning.  The mixed grill was well done, but again, many of the items were spiced - the shrimp and sausage both had a kick.  The real disappoint came on the duck breast.  :(  I had ordered it medium, thinking it would still come medium rare, and it came rare.  NOT happy.  But, I was starving, they were busy, and I didnt want to lag behind everyone else by sending it back.  It was sliced into pieces, so there was no excuse to not cook it to temperature as ordered.  Came with a nice onion relish (spicy - lol), and braised cabbage.  Deserts were huge.  We had the lava brownie and the pecan pie.  Both served a la gelato.  Overall, there wasn't anything we ate that made anyone say, "oooo!  you MUST try this!".  The food (besides the duck problem) was prepared well, nice presentation, but there was nothing that was overwhelming.  The atmosphere is nice, the service was really great, but there wasn't anything on the menu you won't find anywhere else, nor was it prepared nor presented any better.  I would consider it like a Kona Grill.  It's good for what it is, but nothing spectacular.~salad burger salad salad burger shrimp sausage onion cabbage pie ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~aQzgkJMEzjiH0l6JrT_juA~Best service,  best pork mac and cheese I ever had....ever! The pasta was made from scratch, the cheese was absolotely perfect and the cheese curds were phenomenal!  No doubt,  the best cheesecake I ever had in my freaking life.  What made this 5 stars was our waitress!~pork mac and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~xFI5mwRpDDHBs1qV39R1HQ~I made reservations via opentable the morning before we dined. Easy and we were seated immediately upon arrival.  Service was a bit slow. We didn't feel any connection from either the server or the server assistant. The bread service was below basic, especially for a fine dining restaurant. We asked the server for his favorite and most popular cocktails. We ordered both: sisos sexy and another that I do not know the name of. He wasn't present on the floor as much as I'd hoped.   My friend ordered the bacon wrapped filet and thought it was delicious. It was one of her favorite filets in all time. I ordered the organic salmon which was delicious as well. The sauce on both the dishes really made up the entrees. The salmon came with noodles and vegetables that really complimented the salmon. Two entrees that you cannot go wrong with.  Our reservation was at 6:15pm and we sat to see the sunset. It was gorgeous. Definitely come around this time to see the sun set.   Lastly, compliments to the maitre d' or manager who made his table touches and really looked like he was enjoying each conversation with the guests. He complimented us on our smiles and we told him we came out to see one of the top 39 restaurants with a view in the world. He said they must be doing something right.   I would say this wasn't my favorite fine dining restaurants but it definitely is something to cross off my bucket list. Good for special occasions.~bacon salmon salmon salmon ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~fw4hTYsGt5LS7lFgC-HTRg~The fam and I headed on down to Honey Bears this past Saturday to get our BBQ on!   Honey Bears never disappoints!   I had the shredded BBQ chicken sandwich with a side of the cowboy beans, sooo spicy and delicious!   Also their french fries may be sent from heaven! SO GOOD!   I always go for the Big Red at the soda machine, that is a rare soda to find on tap and Honey Bears has it!   Thanks for another tasty lunch!~honey honey bbq chicken ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~Ts9BRMbRwMg-BaXxuVIwKQ~Having spent a lot of time in Texas and Oklahoma, I've eaten a lot of BBQ.  But I'll review Honey Bear's on its own merits (or lack).  I've been eating at HB for 20 years, the location on Van Buren mostly.  This location isn't so great.    Pros:  It's fast, the meat is tasty, the sauce is good too, a bit on the thin side, sweet/sour and spicy.  Cobbler is good.  Cons:  It's really expensive, service is almost menacing in its unfriendliness, place is sticky/dirty, sides are hit-or-miss, mostly miss.  Tasty smoky meat.  You'll pay dearly for it, $5 for a small sandwich, more for a large, sides are extra.  One time with a bud we figured that HB charges about $25-$30/lb for their meat as ordered in the restaurant.  Ribs and other whole pieces of meat put you easily in the $15+ range.  Corn is mushy, beans are tasty, potato salad is subjected to strange spice-abuse by a cook who doesn't understand what potato salad is.    Drinks are fountain and iced tea.  You can't get a small cup of sauce to go, even with the leftovers from your $20 rib dinner - you have to pay and pay.  This sort of stinginess doesn't sit well with me.    The place is dirty, with sticky tables and chairs.  Overall appearance is dingy.  Service is always unsmiling, unhelpful, all business.  They don't make you feel like coming back.  I don't go back now unless I'm forced to by downtown coworkers.~honey sandwich ribs corn potato salad ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~c7qqJ8uQoNmZXFOZtiGCAw~The patio is beautiful and the happy hour has a great selection of drinks and fun plates to try. We got fish tacos, guac, the big happy hour burger, and margaritas. The fish was fresh and the toppings  and sauce were great. I don't really like guacamole, but enjoyed theirs a lot. The burger was perfect, I really enjoyed the bun they use for it, it tastes homemade. The drinks and fries were great too. Will defiantly be back~tacos burger burger fries ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~MnuhwuegFhnQacRmjuCFaA~This is now my go to spot. Great prices for happy hour. In fact, happy hour is from 4-close all summer. I really like the guava mojito and I don't even drink mojito. Like most people have said, you can't go wrong with the big ass burger. The green chili pork looks great too. I'll have to try that next. The bartender with a beard is really friendly and has great stories. I don't know his name though. Go in before 5pm or wait for the 2nd wave when the dinner crowd leaves. Otherwise, it's super busy.~guava burger pork ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a6GwbzhOzQIhAnW-_jZsUA~As I left the Heard museum parking lot and headed north on Central, I thought I might stop at Fez and try their Feb. pasta special.  (What I really wanted to do was to head over to Rose and Crown to meet with new acquaintances, but I didn't want to worry about parking...)  On the way, I spotted HBB on the left, but I kept going north for Fez.  However, it seemed like I'd never get there, so I gave myself a stopping point- if I hadn't reached Fez by the next light, I was going to turn around and interrogate the poor soul that happens to greet me at Honey Bear's.    The poor soul's name was Rich, who informed me that HBB only has one sauce, and unfortunate for me, it contains *.  (I received the same response at the Glendale Chocolate Affaire, but I assumed the "one sauce only" was for convenience purposes.  See?  Never assume.)  He sold me on the fact that they marinate the meats in a spice and vinegar-based marinade.  Alright, I'll try a 1/2 pound (about $8 w/ tax) of pork (his fave) and beef (which the young man, who patiently waited behind me while I asked poor Rich so many questions, ordered after I stepped aside and considered my options).  No, wait, I'll have a full pound (about $15 w/ tax), and could you add chicken, too?  And bbq sauce on the side, please.   While I waited for my take-out order, I asked Rich if I could sample the sweet potato pie, and to my surprise, he handed me a slice, told me to grab a spoon, and help myself!  It took only one teaspoonful of that slice for me to decide on purchasing a whole pie ($12) to go.    So how did the meats taste w/o the bbq sauce?  The chicken was very bland and pretty dry.  The beef was not much better, but at least it had some mouth-feel.  The pork was the clear winner, esp. since its marinade had the added benefit of red pepper flakes.  Would I go back for more meat?  Unless HBB designs a non-* based-sauce, no.  Well, maybe for the pork.  And only if I was carrying a bottle of bbq sauce in my purse.  1 star each for the pulled pork, sweet potato pie, and for Rich being such a sport.  (Kudos for letting me sample the pie!  Letting people sample is always good for business!).    p.s.  If HB had a shack that only sold sweet potato pie, I'd give it 5 stars! p.p.s.  Honey Bear BBQ, please add candied yams/sweet potatoes to your menu!  While you're at it, add some sweet potato fries, as well!  Allergy update: I concluded that the sweet potato pie must contain * ingredients bec. I went through two days of horrible allergy symptoms.  I won't be able to enjoy it anymore, but for those w/out allergies, do give it a try!~pasta honey pork beef chicken sweet potato ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~koMrl-4jMkcLH2HuiVdAJw~We finally stopped in for Happy Hour and were impressed.    We ordered the Big Ass Burger and the Green Chile Pork stew based on recommendations here and both were excellent.  Portions are huge - we ended up taking half of it home.  Excellent drinks and very friendly professional service.  We also liked the warm and inviting atmosphere in the bar.  Great value too - we were out the door for thirty bucks.~burger pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NtO2JWJymhD5hcYcIPGWBg~I'm a big fan of buffets, is it the variety of foods? Maybe it's the all-you-can-eat aspect of it. For whatever reason, I love to try new buffets and try different dishes that I would never order off the menu. It's like a fun adventure for me.  The Wynn Buffet is top notch! The wait wasn't that bad, pretty standard at about half an hour. $40 per person is a little steep, but hey! You're in Vegas so expect to shell out some cash. Walking in you will see a whole bunch of colorful flowers, it's a very feminine atmosphere.  Our server was very friendly and helpful, she always checked in with us and removed any plates and refilled our drinks the moment it gets half way, excellent service!  Whenever I go to a new buffet, I always walk around and check out the food selection before I even grab a plate, and that's because I want to keep a mental note of the items I really want to eat, versus the I'm not sure but I'll try it cause it's there kind of dish.  I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the buffet line, it was almost spotless, the food looked beautiful, almost too beautiful to eat. The presentation was classy and made everything looked delicious. By the time I sat back down at the table, I had the following on my plate: prime rib, king crab legs, red snapper, chilean sea bass, shrimp cocktail, mussels, skirt steak, mashed potatoes, corn on the cob, asparagus. All very good, they had a lot of seafood choices and a lot of lamb, which I didn't have any cause I wasn't feeling it that day, but I'm sure it was good.  By this time I've opened the portal to my second stomach and I'm ready to hit the dessert bar. I have 2 words for you: creme brule Oh Sweet Jesus it was good! I could have eaten at least 2 more plates of it, but I had to leave room for... I have another 2 words for you: homemade ice cream, OK that's 3 words whatever, there's nothing I love more than ice cream, unless it's HOMEMADE ice cream. So rich and creamy, the coffee ice cream will give you chest hair, but it's worth it lol  I'd like to add that they have restrooms just for the buffet guests, you don't have to walk outside to the casino and find a restroom, very convenient. Also, the stalls are very private, it's like you're in your own little world in there, you don't see that very often in public restrooms. You can tell they spent a lot of time considering all aspects of this restaurant and it really shows. This will be my new goto place for a Vegas buffet.~shrimp steak corn asparagus lamb ice cream ice cream ice cream coffee ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~lbv0lGOsvQZjaAbcU99nfw~I learned 2 things from the last time I came here.   Lesson #1: Don't come here if you're starving.  Come here if you're hungry.  I ate to the point where I started to feel really sick. Lesson #2: No buffets within 3-4 hours of drinking/clubbing.  No one wants to feel like a whale in their skimpy Vegas outfit.  As for the buffet, the food was ok.  It was a solid buffet, but only a few things stood out to me (even when I was starving!)  They have your usual fish, meats, and seafood but I actually really enjoyed the simple things like the baby back ribs and the broccoli cheese soup.  The sushi was bleh, no thanks.  I loved the herb salmon and the desserts!  The coffee ice cream was one of the best I've ever tried.  Here's an idea.  Grab 2 cookies and make an ice cream sandwich with the ice cream, sooooo good!  So like I said, solid buffet, nothing too outstanding but nothing horribly gross.~ribs broccoli cheese soup sushi salmon desserts coffee ice cream cookies ice cream sandwich ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~2S6zqxhF5nZJUU09gtNh-A~OMG the 'big ass burger' is delicious! Though order it only if you have a huge appetite, or want a doggie bag - it's a lot of food. Order the duck, roast chicken, salmon or the steak - you can't go wrong in this restaurant. Friendly waitstaff, hip atmosphere, and ridiculously good. I'm a huge fan!~burger chicken salmon steak ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ZFtphCEQc3BGsPoFkI7RXw~I'm not a person who is big on buffets, as most of them are just all you can eat crap food galore.  However, the Wynn Buffet is always seems to find itself on top of my to-do lists for every Vegas trip.  This is best of the best, when discussing all Vegas Buffets.  As with everything else at the Wynn, the dcor is beautiful as with the presentation of the food.  When you look around you see all this delicious food it makes your mouth salivate in anticipation.  What makes this place so special in my heart? You have to check out the seafood section, where the Alaskan king crab legs rock my world.  These things are freaking huge, fresh, and oh my god tasty!  The crab seriously just melts in your mouth.  Dip them in butter and it's an all out orgy in your mouth.    The dessert area is fabulous; unfortunately sometimes I have a hard time saving room.  From the yummy crme brulee to the delicious ice cream/gelato counter.  I always go for the coffee or vanilla, so good! They also have different kinds of cakes/pies, cookies, and puddings.  They have a little of everything, whatever your sweet tooth might desire.  The staff service has been pretty impressive every time I've gone to the Wynn Buffet.  They are very good at checking with you for drink refills and also help clear up any dishes you might have laying around the table.  The only bad thing I can mention is their lackluster of sushi.  They only have 3 choices between Vegetarian rolls, California rolls, and Salmon Maki rolls.  None of them really tasted fresh and were all very bland.  The pizza is pretty blah as well, however I usually stay away from it anyways as it's just filler food and just takes up space I could use for more crab legs. :)  Summary: Having bad luck at the tables? Just go to the Wynn buffet and eat your worries away.  Wynn Buffet is like great sex, the more you have the more you want.~butter ice cream coffee cookies sushi salmon ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JK8R_jOiB3HBeG2BLPbj3Q~In summary, okay food and not worth the price I paid.  Not a good choice if you are vegan/vegetarian.  The service is awful that I will not be returning in the future given all the other dining choices available on the strip.  Now the long story about my experience I was here the Monday after Christmas.  Wait in line was approx 1.5 hours plus additional 25-30 mins wait to get seated.  I missed the 1pm cut off time for brunch and paid additional 10 bucks or ~ 60 per person for lunch The quality of food was not as good as I remembered and definitely not 60 bucks worth for Monday lunch My mother is vegan and I do not recommend vegetarian vegan for this buffet I think Vegas buffet in general is a bad idea for any vegan vegetarian due to high prices and few selections So based on food along I would have given this place a 3 star Now zero negative star for the service due to the following experience 1 Rude server at taco stand When my brother went to the taco stand the guy behind the glass said no more and walked away 5 10 mins later he came out and start making more taco again My brother decided to not even try the taco due to the rudeness 2 Un attentive male Waiter The first server got us drinks when we first sat down and that was it He never came back to check on us until I waved him down When he brought my brother more soda I asked him for another coke for me He said ok but never came back I guess he was off the shift and another female waiter showed up 3 Rude female waiter I asked the lady for the soda and she did brought me some Than she never come back to offer us refills When we were done with the meal and moving on to the dessert we want to get coffee to go with desserts I waved the waiter down and here is the kicker She said just you know you are here for more than 2 hours There is a 2 hours limit But I will get you some coffee this time The way she said it was rude and I was like WTF When she came back I thank her for the coffee but wanted to clarify that we were there only 1 hours and 50 mins She said based on your receipt it stated 1 49pm and its now 4 07 I said but we waited for at least 25 30 more minutes after we paid She said NO its based on the receipt and the 2 hours limit is posted outside the buffet At this point my lunch experience was ruined and it may just be psychological effect that coffee and desserts tasted awful We decided to leave immediately at my version of 2 hours mark When I exited the buffet I didn t see any signage up front about this rule So I asked the lady who is guarding the buffet line entrance and confirmed that 2 hours limit rule starts at the time we sit down At this point I can t stand this casino any more Our plan was to drop some cash at the slot machines after the meal but we went to Palazzo and Venetian instead Palazzo and Venetian should thank the rude Wynn buffet staffs for the a couple hundreds dollar worth of gambling revenue ~taco taco taco taco coke coffee desserts. coffee coffee coffee desserts 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~vNDm8ONkjsakrjY7HdjCLQ~This is definitely the first and last time going there. I had the butter chicken and rice and despite the guy warming it up in the microwave (first red flag of NON FRESH FOOD and poor restaurant management) I could still taste the staleness of the rice which must've been at least 5-6 days old. I figured a good butter chicken sauce would still be salvageable with a couple naans but NOPE. It tasted mediocre, and as a foodie, I did not enjoy any of it, not one bit. Indian Pakistani food is otherwise my favourite and I hate wasting food but I threw the 11$ (overpriced) box of food after a few spoons in.   The 11$ is supposed to include salad and pop per the signs plastered all over their menu, but I got neither. I guess not looking like an Indian/Pakistani person they thought they could pull one over on me.   I would neither ever recommend this place, or go there myself. If I wanted leftovers from last week to be warmed in a microwave, I wouldn't pay 11$.  HORRIBLE FOOD.~butter chicken butter chicken salad ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZX3vo4LOBpmmhH-TbmeBpQ~Happy hour prices are hard to beat!  The atmosphere is welcoming and classy. Everything on the menu is delicious. I recommend the burger and the prickly pear margarita!  Service is always top notch.~burger pear ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~00PJfpFl4ifp-t4cWWAzpw~I couldn't eat another $5 footlong from subway for lunch... I live way out in the northwest and it is somewhat food diversity challenged.  I remembered seeing a cuban joint on rainbow so I thought I would go over there for lunch.    I went in and it was done very nicely with out trying too hard.  I looked at the menu and it seemed authentic and the prices seemed very reasonable.  They have quite a few menu options too - so if you are in the mood for a sandwich or a whole fried snapper you are good to go.  I wantd a quick lunch - so of course I order the Cuban in sandwich.  It was only $6.50 and it was a big sandwich - I like a good value.  The sandwich was very tasty - I likes the bread.  It also came with freshly cooked plantain chips - refreshing alternative to fries!!!  If your bumpin' around the northwest check this place out...~sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich plantain chips fries ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~49OzJ4N_JoDOP2h0Dd221A~I did not expect such high prices but the food waas awsome.  The Big Ass burger is that!  Everybit of what I could eat.  My wife had the fish tacos - very good!  You MUST have the banana split - deep fried plantains wrapped in a tortilla, rolled in cinnamon! WOW!  Our server was outstanding. Parking is odd - keep right off Chaparral....~burger tacos banana ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~HDZ6NcLPqWCyUKWiN1FnBw~Overall, not that impressed. I've only been to one other buffet before, at the Bellagio, and I prefer that one over the Wynn. We went on a Tuesday night, after a long day of hiking at Zion National Park, so we were starving. To be honest, I didn't feel like the buffet was that big. I went back 2 times for a heaping of crab legs & shrimp cocktail, which are the only foods I really enjoyed there. They have some dim sum like dumplings and such at the Chinese food station, which was awful. Most of their cooked fishes were overcooked and not impressive. Their cheese ravioli in their pasta section was good, as was their miso soup.  They have a huge dessert section, but to be honest, none of the desserts really impressed me. One of my dining companions loved their coffee ice cream, as he is a big fan of coffee and it tastes very very strongly of coffee.  I would not go to their dinner buffet again. Also, it is very pricy, comes to about $37 with tax per person. A friend of mine said their breakfast buffet was great though, and only $25, so would be willing to try that sometime.~shrimp cheese pasta miso soup desserts coffee ice cream coffee coffee ~2 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~jYOWmrZPQ0_UzXxcbN5Wfg~Heard about this place and wanted to give it a try. I remember having it at CNE before but never seen it again.   Yummy cone special ($5.30) Originally I thought it would be like a gimmick but surprisingly it tasted really good. The cone was the pizza crust, and inside was stuffed and loaded with a lot of ingredients, including pepperoni, bacon, sausage, green and red peppers, mushroom, and cheddar and mozzarella cheese. It was baked on the spot so served nice and hot - best to eat it right away while the cheese is still oosey and stretchy, and the cone crust still crispy, adding a nice crunch. Quite filling with all the ingredients. My only thought was it was missing pizza sauce to make it seem more like a pizza. Its $8.10 if you want the combo with a drink and fries.  The owner was really nice and outgoing. He even offered me to try his new frozen yogurt for free!~pepperoni bacon sausage mushroom mozzarella cheese cheese fries frozen yogurt ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~1Ar7tEXetgH2fyJB1RQHuA~GENERAL NOTES Some of the best Indian/Pakistani food in the city. How do I know? Cabbies. All the time. Honestly, who would know better than the cabbies? Also 24 HOURS!!!  MENU RECOMMENDATIONS You absolutely cannot go wrong with the Butter Chicken. Creamy, tasty sauce and huge chunks of succulent chicken over rice. I finally tried the Mango Chicken and that was similarly delicious. And for those who prefer more "authentic" indian, there's loads of options. Basically there's a plethora of catering trays filled with meat and veggie options - probably 20+ different options. They've let us just take a container and mix and match until it's filled as well. As for the nan, they recently changed it and I really don't like what they've got now. Disappointing.  SERVICE NOTES There is one counter and usually 1-2 people people ready to take your order/fill your container and these guys don't exactly move fast. Once your Styrofoam container is ready they'll offer to heat it in the microwave. It's basically as sketchy as it sounds. If you're on your way home, just take it cold and heat it up yourself...on a plate.  LOCATION NOTES Located on Church, just north of Bloor on the south side across from my friend Neil's place. Just look for the cabs. Seriously. Parking in a small lot right at the front of the building.  HUMOUROUS STORY My friend Chicken Parm Phil uses Cetaphil because his name is Phil.~butter chicken chicken mango chicken chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OGOFEDDtzvvSeA4q8Uuc5A~Happy Hour is the best time to visit and is the best value. Don't miss the "Big Ass" burger or green chili pork. Get there before the 4pm start of happy hour to ensure you get a seat. There's often a line out the door!~burger pork ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~JkVMUyGkqugpLLgmaza0tg~Dublin's fries and onion rings are fantastic. They're herbed and come with a delicious sauce, and are nice and greasy without sitting in your stomach like a rock. They've got loads of great drinks, especially if you're a whiskey fan. They sometimes have live music in the front, and while they're a little loud for such a small place they were nice to have.~fries onion rings ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NyeKUAtri_tv-gMBri-opA~BBQ beef sand w fries & a Fat Tire.  You can't go wrong.~beef fries ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~l7gNaVnkqAnwvP89v7moAQ~Being from the Pacific Northwest, I have fairly high standards for seafood and have not found many places in Pittsburgh that I would consider great (or even "good" for that matter). I came here for an event earlier this week and was able to sample a variety of their oysters. If these were any indication of the rest of the food, then I can't wait to come back and try a full meal (- the blue-crab stuffed salmon is first on the list). My favorite was their version of oysters rockefeller, which I could have eaten an entire plate of. We were also given a shucking demonstration, which was super fun - they make it look so easy! Everyone that works there is very passionate about seafood, especially the owner who seems very involved in the daily operations of the restaurant (and is also very cute :)  ).   The space itself is great - it is decorated well to fit the theme of the restaurant. I will be back soon to try a few more items from the menu!~salmon oysters rockefeller ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4XejYxunEvxCzCeIFSXg8g~You must come hungry! There are so many choices, so best to do walk thru first to see what is on offer. Nothing worse than piling lots of food on your plate you won't eat, then getting another plate to try other dishes. My husband doesn't eat meat, gluten, and dairy, so the chef took him for a tour to show him the vegan dishes. So nice this is offered!  The dessert is also abundant, do a walk thru with this too. My favorite was the gelato, around 5-6 different flavors. Loved the vanilla bean and coffee.  I'd come back to this buffet. For all that is offered the price is reasonable. Add $15 for unlimited sparking wine, wine, and beer. I didn't choose it, but it's nice they have that option!~coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~PTiQDt2trZCXBDRY37XPYg~it's got this great, modern ambiance to it but the food is just okay.  the bibimbap is nowhere near authentic and the pork buns were disappointingly over priced.  the popcorn is good tho, ill give it that.~pork popcorn ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Uxh8yXD6F0jrYFZ0uApHhw~My wife and I had 4 others meet us on the bar patio for happy hour. We looked at the appetizer menu and I decided to try the BIG ASS BURGER.  This meal was not an appetizer, it was huge. It came with fries and both the burger and the fries were good. It has to be over 1/2lb of beef, I had all I could do to finish it but during happy hour it was $9. Great deal  When dinner (and several drinks) were over, our server started telling us about the deserts and recommended the banana split. This is a banana with chocolate chunks, and caramel wrapped in a tortilla and fried, then rolled in cinnamon and sugar and served with ice cream and sauce.   Ohhh, This was so good and rich, she brought one desert and 6 spoons. We had all we could do to finish it.  The mens room is a hike from the bar patio, infact it is in the middle of the adjoining office building. I was surprised that a place this nice did not have it's own mens room.~burger fries burger fries beef banana banana caramel ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~i4I2a1QcqV9uCPTuzUNkKQ~I would love to give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5. However based on my experience dining in the Buffet at the Wynn, I will utilize this review for some constructive criticism with a few kudos. A combination that will accumulate in a 3 star review.    The Buffet at the Wynn is a dining area of elegant surroundings. I had the experience of dining in an indoor garden. It was an experience made better with seeing the sun as it shined through a glass ceiling. It was an experience supported through a $25 daily lunch price.    With so much investment in a luxurious interior, why was there so little in training? The service was mediocre at best. After the friendly hostess seated us, we kept waiting and waiting for a server. Finally we had to ask the hostess to send a server to our tsble. Why? In the Mirage, the very hotel that Steve Wynn created, on the spot the Cravings Buffet server asked what we wanted to drink. Ditto for economy buffets that include the Fiesta. Just like miso soup at the Wynn, the service was relatively nonexistent. It seemed that our friendly server was more interested in chatting with another server than taking care of our table. During desert, I had to walk up to him to kindly ask him for more coffee.    And the coffee is another area that constructive criticism hopefully could improve. When people are paying good money for a buffet, they appreciate when the server pours fresh coffee into their cup instead of a pot of coffee that had hot temperature challenges. To get to the chase the coffee fell short of the hot temperature and taste that I expected.    Further constructive criticism of the Buffet at the Wynn is numerous food stations with so few choices. The stations themselves are commendable.  They are Shell fish, chilled sea food, Asian, The Grill, American, Italian, Pizza, Seafood, Salad, and Specialties. But the selection is lacking. The most obvious example is the soup selection. There were only like three soups in the whole buffet. To my eyes it wasn't quantity over quality. The chicken noodle soup appeared to be mostly chicken and barely noodles. Where were the mushrooms in the Vegan Cream of Mushroom soup? Where were the soups that the people love? I would have appreciated if I could of chowed down miso soup, won ton soup, hot & sour soup, or egg drop soup. I was disappointed that I could find the standard buffet offerings like salmon but no shrimp or scallops. I could go on and on. But I want to address the point that each station had only a few choices, the antithesis of the Rio Buffet and when you get down to it a Feast Buffet. And my taste buds found little difference between the egg plant parmesan here and at the Orlean's Buffet. The small selection extended to the ice cream selection. I do not recall seeing gelato. I am sure that the common flavor of strawberry was nonexistent. And the scoop of the delicious capucinno ice cream was remarkably small at the same time of being a scoop short of the ice cream served at the majority of buffets.     I give kudos to some of the live stations. The Kalhi marinated steak was delicious. And I also thought highly of the shrimp and pork dumpling with garlic sauce.    The deal is that I work very hard for my money. Put it this way, I am not one of those guys that is going to drive out of the Wynn Ferrari dealership in a new Ferrari. But, sometimes constructive criticism goes a longer ways than the wheels of a Ferrari from a Wynn show room. With that said, in the near future I intend patronize what I consider better buffets on the Las Vegas Strip. Regardless I still give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5.~miso soup coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee salad soup chicken soup chicken mushrooms mushroom soup miso soup soup soup egg soup salmon shrimp egg ice cream ice cream ice cream steak shrimp pork garlic ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VwI_T-K0o-s3KqWSiwN_pA~COST: $2.50 (Coffee) $10~ Bibimbap Burrito After walking through a blizzard literally anything we eat here would ve been awesome The friendliest people I ve seen in Madison for sure I was picking between their bibimbap burrito or breakfast sandwich and I was advised by the server to go for the burrito and she was god damn right It s so surprising to me how a very clearly American looking place has such a fantastic brunch special It was so delicious I wish had gone back for it The flavors were exotic and the small side of kimchi was amazing There was some special spicy sauce that came with it It definitely had some kick to it and was on the sweet side as well just perfect Last but not the least let s talk about the coffee They brewed and served Kickapoo Coffee s Winter Solstice which I m still trying to find and buy online It s the most delicious coffee I ve ever had with hints of chocolate and caramel It was awesome I look forward to a Madison return trip over the summer and I ll roll through Graze again ~coffee) burrito) burrito sandwich burrito... coffee. coffee coffee caramel. 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VuygnyL6H6xO3LoY9EO3EA~How does a fork roar? There is a certain zen quality to that question, much like the ever popular "if a tree falls, yada-yada" (I know, it's not really yada-yada, but you get the idea). I have been to several restaurants lately named with utensil based nomenclature, or named after the place in which the meal was prepared (Kitchen, Wok, etc.).  I fully expect that trend to continue, but I think it shows a certain lack of imagination. Sometimes that can be helpful, like "Jimmy's BBQ Pit"...I know it's likely to be BBQ.  Simply "Jimmy's Pit" or "Jimmy's" or "Pit" wouldn't be helpful (well, "Pit" might tell you avoid the place). But generally, I like a little romance in the naming...a little something to pique my interest (having said that I still think the food at Hooters is just not up to the name, but that's a discussion for another time). The Beautiful Carin and I headed over to the Roaring Fork for Happy Hour a couple of nights ago and spent a lovely evening at the bar with Clark, the bartender/server/happy hour ambassador.  The bar is the place to have a happy hour dinner and couple of cocktails. Tables are fine, but the bar is just a better atmosphere!  We hadn't been back for happy hour since Bob McGrath sold the place, but it really hasn't changed (which is a good thing!!). All of our favorites are still solidly on the menu, and the Big Ass Burger is still riding tall at the Roaring Fork Happy Hour!  We started with the green chile pork stew and scotch (why yes, they do have one of my favorites...Bunnahabhain...that always puts me in a good mood!). I had the Big Ass Burger... it truly is a big ass burger and really tasty...it's not Kobe beef, it's just beef, but good beef, cooked correctly! Carin had the Roasted Chicken which was also really well prepared...crispy skin, moist and flavorful! We couldn't begin to eat it all, so DeeDee was delighted with us when we got home:) For the capper, they have started making their own pies, in their wood fired oven. You know what's better than chocolate pecan pie in homemade crust (yeah baby, none of the store bought crap for these Roaring Forkers)...almost nothing! Sex, that's about it. Jeez, I waddled out of there, $50 lighter, but that's a hell of a meal for $50, (including a couple of single malts, a marti and dessert)! So, how does a fork roar?  It roars for thee my friend, it roars for thee.~burger pork burger burger beef beef beef chicken pie ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sFV9JlF57Ujl5cITsC4W3A~I go to this place because of the atmosphere - not the food.  The windows and view of the capitol are wonderful and I love the setting.  But the food is meh.  Most recently I ordered the pub burger with the veggie patty instead of the meat.  It was a patty with wild rice, Bulgar, etc but I don't think there was a single veggie.  The "veggie" burger itself had no taste - it just relied on the pickles, sauce, etc.  I expected more from a place like Graze.  I've been there a few other times and each time I have been "undewhelmed."  It looks fancy but I'm not impressed.  One other note - I ordered a root beer with my meal.  Looked at the label and discovered it had high fructose corn syrup.  Really?  For a place touting the local-ness of the food, I would expected them to pick a root beer with more natural ingredients.  Very disappointed in that.~burger patty patty wild rice burger pickles corn ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jPDRYzuxJz8C6SXhxSIy6w~Wow, I have never eaten at a place that was so all over the map in regards to service/food quality.  My husband and I came here on a Saturday evening to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Now, I was a dumb-o and forgot to make reservations.  I did try that morning, but you have to leave a voice mail because they don't open till 4, so that was totally my bad.  When we got there right at 6 pm, there was no one waiting in the waiting area and the bar was filling up.  We saw about 8 empty tables in the restaurant, I was excited because I thought oh good, we can still get a seat in the main restaurant.  We asked the hostess for a table for two.  She looked at me like I was crazy and said, sorry we are all booked up, you can go sit in the bar or our next available seating is at 9 (WHAT?!).  I said, well I can see several open tables and no one is waiting here, I didn't realize this was a reservation only restaurant, there was no mention of it on your website.  She then says, well its Saturday, so yeah its pretty much reservation only.  This older gal was none to friendly and said, just go hang out in the bar area and scope out tables.  Um, ok...  So we decided to sit in the bar and take her advice on 'scoping out' a table.  We find a table quickly and our bar waitress was not helpful at all.  Took her 5 min to hand us a menu, we ask for a regular menu, she brings one 5 min later.  I ask her for another regular menu so my husband can look at one too and she replies, oh ok...Off she goes, where to, nobody knows...In the meantime, the seating in the bar is just what you'd expect, crowded, not that comfortable, so we scope out one of the three booths in the bar area and waited until this couple left and switched to that booth.  This booth was great, even though we were in the bar, didn't feel crowded or rushed at all.  So, that was nice, plus our server over at the booth was much more attentive and friendly...  OK, on to the food....  We ordered the mojito and their signature margarita.  The mojito was delish.  First time I had ever had one and I would totally order again.  The margarita was gross.  It was straight up tequila or something.  Maybe others would be happy about that (LOL), but I was not.  We didn't even drink more than a few sips.  Told the waitress, her response...sorry.  On to our appetizer, we got the Big Ass Burger.  It was very good.  Definitely a great happy hour item.  We split this and loved it.  For dinner, I ordered the pork tenderloin with Mexican street corn and grits.  This was good.  The pork did not have much flavor (it was wrapped in bacon) which was surprising, but it tasted good if you ate it with a bit of the corn and grits with it.    My husband ordered the ribeye steak.  This came out BLACK.  He took a few bites and called over the waitress to tell her all he could taste was the charred from the steak.  So they send it back and remake him one (the manager comes over and profusely apologizes, which was nice).   The redone steak came out great and we were happy with it, tasted flavorful, etc.  Now, the manager comes back and says, we comped the drinks and the steak for your trouble.  I am thinking, wow this is great!  How nice of them, the evening started out crappy, the steak was burned, this will be great.  NO, while they did comp the drinks, they comped the REMADE steak.  So, our check showed two steaks, with one written off.  I bring this to the waitresses attention and she goes to check with her manager.  She comes back and says, no the bill is right.  We are comping the steak we remade for you. I was in disbelief.    Needless to say, our first impression of The Roaring Fork was not good and we will not be back.  Too bad, b/c I think the place has potential, but I can get food just as good, for half the prices and pretenses elsewhere...~burger pork corn grits pork bacon corn grits steak steak steak steak steak steak steaks steak ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aDSIWDD34YfHVDf7U4EWCg~One of the two buffets we always go to. There's always a great selection to choose from, and their dessert is delicious. The food is separated by things like, "Asian," "seafood," and "italian." Although they are a bit pricier than others, the quality of their food, and service is definitely worth it. Service is always hit or miss, though.   Plus : they have decaf coffee, and will give you soy if you request it for your coffee!~coffee coffee ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~eCVo762cK-PvKydUmz5ujw~Great seafood with a kid's menu too!  We used our Yelp coupon for a free appetizer and then enjoyed some delicious entrees including halibut, the crab cake salad, the kid's fish sandwich and the kid's pasta. All were very good with great service.~crab cake ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~HsOtd3O0yb-XtzRsdJfnvg~OMG! These people don't play! Came here for happy hour and if was off the chain! Big ass burger and huckleberry margarita were the bombdizzle! They don't skimp on the alchohol! Drink totally worth it! Burger with tender beef, roaster green pepper, homemade fries with yummy aioli ! Heaven!  Ambience : lots of old folks but we came for the food !  Dress code: think tommy banana for guys and for girls... Whateva!~burger burger beef fries banana ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~wqdDjdJZlKlsPf82thP_vQ~We met a colleague from the past here and enjoyed the happy hour experience on the outdoor patio. Heat near the table was very welcome, as it was a bit chilly. Inside, there is a surprisingly beautiful restaurant.  The server was very professional, friendly, thoughtful, and helpful.  We first tried the signature huckleberry margarita. Thumbs up! The Big Ass Burger was indeed enormous. The fish tacos are a "new" take on tacos and very tasty. All the food was very good.  Food: 4.5 stars Service: 5 stars Ambiance: 4.5 stars~burger tacos tacos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UjpkUTmeyzI00mNKu7RyZQ~AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.  The line is uber long, but the wait is all worthwhile once you see and taste the food. It's like waiting in line at disneyland, the lines wove around and around.   The buffet is about 30 dollars but they have champagne brunch for 36 dollars as well. The champagne is good, they use Freixenet Champagne, which I like, and they also bring you orange juice for mimosas if you ask. The champagne is unlimited and we drank to our hearts content.   The food is gourmet from Asian sushi and soups to Italian rissoto and pastas. The thing I found most interesting is that all the food is gourmet, but they had congee with pork sung!! That is the ultimate Vietnamese porridge and we ate that because it was so cheap!! I had to try a bowl and it was delicious.   I had mostly breakfast food, but I also meandered to the Italian section to try the lamb rissoto and it is the best risotto i have ever had. I think I had 3 bowls of it.   There is a whole dessert room that had different flavors of ice cream, eclairs, cupcakes, doughnuts, and cookies. You can get on a sugar high just being in this room.   Even the coffee to sober up was good. I don't think I have anything bad to say about this buffet other than the lines, but it is understandable why is is so long now.   The is the BEST buffet ever.~sushi pork lamb risotto ice cream cupcakes doughnuts cookies coffee ~5 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~7RMzCz-qoIFcobAKUSS3Ng~The one star is only because our waitress Alyssa was great, but the food was some of the worst Irish food I've ever had in my life. We started off with their potato soup. One cup came to the table looking like soup and the other two looked like congealed porridge, not to mention they where all extremely salty. The cheese curds where about the best thing they had, but the onion rings were soggy and anemic looking. My wife had the pork shank that was so over smoked, she couldn't even taste the flavor of the pork. To this day she can't eat anything smoked because of it. My son had the shapers pie and said it was bland and tasteless, not worth $13. I had the bangers and mash by the recommendation of the waitress and they where in-eatable. The gravy on the massed potatoes was a gloppy gelatinous mass that would stick to the fork like The Blob.  Needless to say I will not be going back there for anything ever again. Money down the drain.~potato soup soup cheese onion rings pork pork pie ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sC1vtBubnbe6Qx0pJM_ntA~It can be hard to find food in Scottsdale late on a Sunday, especially in the off season.  OK, by "find food" I mean food that will please all, such as one can find at this new American meets char-grilled bourgeois chain with its massive menu.  So for me, this has been a kind of safety net for culinary dilemmas.  I've eaten the mac-n-cheese and other nom noms at the Austin location, and I've eaten at this location both for the "burger/bar" experience and the full on dinner extravaganza.  Much of the food is way above average, and described in detail elsewhere.  On my last dinner trip, we had the scallops and the plank-grilled fish special.  Both were well executed, although I can't tell you anything specific about the flavor profiles.  That in itself says something for me.  Not that it's not good or not worth it, but that it's not "special."  I can still tell you what I ate at Citizen Public House a year ago, but not this meal from a month ago.  But the burgers are amazing.   And the lamb app is fun.    I will say that as a dining experience this location feels like a cattle call, a kind of high-priced assembly line production with solid food, rushed service, and faux veneer on multiple levels. For me, this is the place to sit at the bar and get a burger and a glass of wine or beer in the afternoon, and perhaps an app.  As a dining experience, it's a bit cold an anonymous, not helped by the expansive interior.  The bar in Austin, just from a vibe level, is much more suited to my tastes.  And in Texas, at least the platinum-blonde dye is REAL.  :-0~cheese burger burgers lamb burger ~3 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~d4VWpUUzibqJVXsFml_B0g~I've been to Mad Mex dozens of times and I've never had a bad experience! If you're looking for a place that offers great food, great drinks, great service, all thrown together in a lively environment, this Mad Mex will do it for you!  In this adventure, I tried their drink special for the day which happened to be the bomb banana slammin' margarita. It was like slipping on a banana peel and falling in love! I also had the tortilla soup and potato taquitos. Both were just equally delicious.   One of the things I love about Mad Mex is their menu options. They have a wide variety of options that will suit a variety of appetites.~banana banana soup potato taquitos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~hw_bp4LzTZOUUlNHgaMjbg~In a word: disappointing.  After reading some reviews that placed this consistently in the top five buffets, we decided to give this a try.  We went on the 26th after Christmas for an early dinner to avoid the crowd.  The line was about one hour (3:30pm until 4:30 when we were seated).  $200 for four adults.  By appearances it could be nice with 15 or so stations with a lot of variety.  Unfortunately no coffee station for the price!    Salad:  not appetizing or original at all.  Skip.  Italian: the lobster ravioli was okay, polenta not good, gnocchi no good.    The grill:  prime rib okay, lamb chops adequate (a fresh roast came out and that was good, the first one was tough and dry).  Chilled seafood:  probably the only thing that was worth it.  Oysters, crab legs and shrimp cocktail.  Difficult to mess up.    Sushi bar:  sadly inedible.   The rice was the wrong texture and fish not fresh.  Ahi tuna poke was not sashimi grade fish -- this would not have been served in a good restaurant anywhere.  The grilled calamari with lime dressing was okay.  Desserts:  not bad but it was disappointing without a coffee bar.  Some highlights here:  a profiterole, creme brle, various small cakes.  Avoid the bread pudding.  All in all, this would have been good for $20 with no wait.  For $50 save your money and just go to a good sit down restaurant.    When we left the line looked about 2+ hours! oh sorry.  Their disappointment was probably way worse than ours.~coffee salad gnocchi lamb shrimp sushi tuna lime desserts coffee ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~DFJDkPwb9bMakI8YKTIO7A~Solid 3 stars  Went for dinner on a Saturday night.  Got there around 5pm hoping to beat the dinner crowd.  There were probably 10 people ahead of us yet the line moved so slow!!  After paying in the front, we were greeted by an older lady dressed in tacky 70's outfit. Upon observation, I realized all of the hostesses were dressed the same.  So she walks us over to the closest table by the cashier area which doesn't even look like a dining area, it was just an awkward place to sit down and eat.  It felt like someone put tables and chairs in a big empty hallway.  So we asked her if we can sit in the actual dining area closer in, and she blatantly said "go back in line and wait".  Umm.....never mind, we'll just take it.  So we just stuck to the awkward dining room and sat down.    Since I was starving, I made a beeline to the buffets.  The area was very clean and neatly organized.  There were varieties of foods and unique dishes that I've never seen at other Vegas buffets.    5 stars for great presentation.  2 stars for overly salty food.  Just about everything from snow crab to meat was extremely salty.  The only decent item was the prime rib and seasoned corn.  I was so disappointed because I had high expectations.  Even the dessert was unbearable.  My favorite madeleine's were spongy and flavorless.  Macaroons were soggy and gross.  What's worse than the salty food was the service.  Our server was very rude and when we tried to ask for refills on our water he, like all of the other waiters avoided eye contact and whizzed past us so fast we couldn't get their attention.    After 20 mins we had no choice but to ask the GM for more water and to order some coffee.  He was apologetic and brought out or coffee personally.  And we didn't complain in a bitchy way, we just brought it to his attention that we've been trying to get refills on our waters for a long time.  Apparently this didn't go well with our waiter and he gave us dirty looks every time he passed by our table.  Totally ruined our dining experience.  I plan to go back and hopefully the food and service will be better.~corn coffee coffee ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~vNg0F6aDmOc1qtEtDPYbog~I got the veggie pub burger which was a beet and walnut patty on an english muffin. It was a unique combination and it caught my eye. I loved the patty; it tasted good and you could actually taste the beet root. The english muffin as the bun was not a great idea; i think a typical bun would be the best idea still.   I also got their popcorn which the waiter said was the best popcorn he has ever had and it honestly kind of sucked. It was basically small popcorn with cheese sprinkled on top of it. I personally would not recommend the popcorn~burger beet patty patty beet popcorn popcorn popcorn cheese popcorn ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~XCXuuT11S0RKmzlP72wnzg~My go-to place for 4am Pakistani/Indian cuisine. They're open very late and usually have a collection of cab drivers parked outside who are always fun to chat with. The atmosphere inside is very casual, with an "order at the counter" and "seat yourself" system and TVs that usually play Bollywood music videos with occasional news reports.   Our dishes of choice: palak paneer, tika masala, butter chicken and chicken korma with plain rice and naan.~paneer butter chicken chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QPLD3EwcE1mDJBtwVLqIhA~We had our company xmas party at the roaring fork last year and I must say that it was a pretty good spread. We had the back room all to ourselves which was really nice, and we had tons of appetizers as we mingled and chatted with drinks in hand. What the appetizers were, I do not remember, but I do remember that it was alot of food.   Next we were seated for dinner and mind you I was a little stuffed from the appetizers but alas I took one for the team and made sure to partake in dinner. We had a caesar salad to start, I ordered the filet mignon and of course the chocolate brownie for dessert. We also had a huge bowl of the mac and cheese to share at the table and I tell you that was some good mac and cheese. Cheesy and spicy! What more can a girl ask for.  Will have to go and visit that place again soon.~appetizers appetizers appetizers salad mac and cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~xK2zvynGMnjcgFhTSbgMKw~These cupcakes are terrible. They look amazing and  I was so excited to dig in but the amount of icing (more than the actual cake) was nauseating. The taste was also very off. I suggest you buy your cupcakes elsewhere. I will not be going back.~cupcakes cake cupcakes ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~97lehi_nlgCqTSqEZ7Y77A~It was 11:00AM and I was starving!!! We drove around for about 30 minutes looking for something to eat  and finally we went to look for a restaurant inside the Wynn by yelpers recommendation. Once we were looking for the restaurant we came across this beautiful buffet.   I'm not a big fan of buffets, but I couldn't resist the beauty of this one and honestly I was starving that at that moment I felt like I could eat a horse.  The looks: It is BEAUTIFUL, this place looks just like the pictures you see on the Wynn's website (unlike other hotels).   Prices: for breakfast is $19.95 + tax so we went during lunch time (it starts at 11:30am) and it's like 22.95 (or 24?) + tax.  It sounds pricey, but it is so worth it!! We got seated around 11:45am, we missed the breakfast but they still had waffles, french toast, pancakes and fruit.   The food: It was a wide variety of food: American, Italian, Asian, Mexican & more - soups, salads, cold meats, calzones, pastas, eggs, steaks, seviche, sushi & a lot more.  Desserts: Ice Creams, caramel apples, cookies, cakes and fancy little things in very pretty containers, excuse my ignorance I don't know what they are called but they looked so good!  We sat and ate there for like a little over 2 hours, trying to try everything, but it's impossible!!! So much food, so little room in our stomachs! We would see guests at the other tables come, leave, come, leave... when we realized this we decided it was time to go...haha! It was kind of embarrassing, but whatever, will I ever see them again? no! and the people at the restaurant won't remember me, so just eat, eat, eat try to sample everything...who cares!  I recommend you pace yourself, haha, and save room for dessert, cus I didn't and I only got to try the ice cream :( Which was delicious, I got 1 scoop of coffee ice cream and a scoop of something else, I forget what it was but it was soooo good! One thing though, this coffee ice cream tastes has a very strong coffee taste, they are serious about it!   Anyway, I recommend this buffet! Will I go back??  SURE!~french toast pancakes salads steaks sushi desserts caramel cookies ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~u9DMA1i6Xs6ZJHcd5taekw~Intriguing menu with great options - love the popcorn with SarVecchio cheese on top it's worth the price! House wine is from a tap, quality and made affordable by the lack of bottling driving the cost down. Great place for visitors and locals alike! Madison's finest for sure!~popcorn cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~pDC_40JYDnMLuVsc1z-orA~Best happy hour around. Kettle pork green chili was great and can't go wrong with the big ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~-yJuEag6OdHbzSFrl1a30g~I want to like PGB.. I really do. But my experience was underwhelming. The flavours sounded tempting. The cupcakes were sitting so prettily on the displays. The storefront is so cute. There was a line infront of me. I suspect many hungry workers sneaking a cupcake into their afternoon coffee break. When it's my turn, it took me forever to choose. Finally, I got the red velvet with cream cheese frosting, the chocolate with vanilla bean frosting, and the vanilla with cinnamon frosting.   As a cupcake lover, I've had my fair share of cupcakes. What do I look for? A moist cake, a rich and delicious flavour, delicious not too buttery, not too stiff frosting. And a pretty presentation helps too.   My biggest issue with these cupcakes was that it was so dry. It's no fun biting into a dried up cake. Flavour wise, none of the cakes were very rich. Red velvet cake tastes slightly different from other red velvets I've tried. Frosting tastes good though. But then as I took another bite, the top part split from the bottom part. The cake even though dry, was super light so the heavy frosted top just toppled right to the side.. and then onto the floor.  Sad =*(  Price wise, it was average. I think it was $1.75 for a mini and $2.75 for a regular cupcake.   I'll have to try these again in the near future, perhaps at their other location. Maybe the key is to fatten up their cakes more so it becomes more moist. Butter makes everything taste better right? :D~cupcakes coffee cream cheese ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~t_sJ3Gt2FqCDa0vcv9MmVg~Worth every penny. All decent food... Not too salty or sweet... Ramen soup was salty though..  Crab legs and shrimps were great...  Good coffee... and desserts...  I would come again.~ramen soup shrimps coffee desserts ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~j1dT9OJLNvf57hI8wBoY5Q~I had there bbq beef sandwich, they do pile on the beef but the real winner here is the sauce.  The fries are made with seasoned salt just the way I like'em.  service..what service just order, pick it up and eat.  I'd be back but certaintly not for the ambience or friendly service.~beef sandwich beef fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MVmy-kTp-mo1yuU-dYfMSA~Graze is my favorite restaurant in Madison. Not only is the view incredible, but the atmosphere and food are unbeatable. The menu changes with the season which makes it that much more exciting each time you go. The food is fresh and local-- never over the top. You can always get classics like mac and cheese and the best cheese curds ever. Or you can go crazy and try one of their more creative dishes like my favorite beet and walnut burger on a pepita bun. The restaurant itself is trendy yet sophisticated and the service is great. The restaurant is well run and even when the wait is very long, they have a website that shows where you are in line and texts you when your table is ready. Overall, Graze never disappoints. Come for the food, view, and energy!~mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rGI6tWBOif7ZBycPBobYkQ~I've been here a couple times. This past time we managed to sneak in and grab two seats at the bar before the rush hit. Started with the sangria it was delicious. I also got some pork buns. The one I ate had a bunch of bones in the mean which was frustrating because I had to take it apart to eat it. The other one didn't have any bones. It was very flavorful. I then got some Mac and cheese which was very good.  Some things on this menu are definelty overpriced. 21 dollars for a graze burger? seems a little bit excessive.~pork mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~3xQU3yjCvLdPOeKG0VLYTg~Amazing place!  Atmosphere, food and prices (happy hour). We went there with 12 of our close friends for happy hour.  The service was stupendous, everything everyone ordered was top notch.  When I asked the waiter for a recommendation, he said everything on the menu was great and so right he was!  In our crowd we had the big ass burger, mixed green salad, pork wings, fish tacos.  Everyone in our group is a converted fan and we will definitely be back!~burger salad pork tacos ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~t9leBBaGAul07WiUqRZV3Q~Came here for lunch and had a burger, flat breads, tacos and more with my family. It was delish!~burger breads tacos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~anJu4pBUwtHoaAqVNvenCQ~I went for Sunday Brunch and they were out of Champagne!!! Unbelievable!!  But luckily the food was pretty good!  The highlights had to be the freshly prepared omlettes and the  prime rib.  It had a good selection of foods.  The deserts looked amazing but they kinda tasted all the same and a bit bland.  The coffee was good, very strong.    The highlight was sitting in the Atrium though, definitely the best looking buffet in vegas.  The atmosphere was great!~coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~8G_yUmxuXx2KW4-nqo3LiA~Being vegan, I like to pop in to the Wynn at some point during each visit to Las Vegas to enjoy a decent meal! This time, me and my companions opted for The Buffet brunch, and were not disappointed!   I alerted the hostess that 2 folks in our party are vegan, and she summoned a chef, and waited with us until the chef arrived. Chef Kelly was friendly and great! After introducing herself, and asking us about our specific dietary restrictions, Kelly took us all around the buffet lines, alerting us what was vegan, and what special dishes they could prepare for us (options included pizza, ravioli, tofu scramble, pancakes, and more!) We opted to gorge ourselves on the buffets plentiful vegan offerings, plus a specially prepared Vegan ravioli. All was delicious and there was way more food than we could possibly eat, even desserts! I really enjoyed the ravioli, polenta, and buddha's delight veggies.  The service from the hostess to the servers was great. We opted for the bottomless drink addition and were never left feeling thirsty! They also had great coffee with Soy milk.  I would definitely recommend this to visiting vegans/vegetarians and friends!~tofu pancakes desserts coffee milk ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~vp2Cku2FeFVbGt26Bts6Bg~Staying in town for some baseball. Was told to eat here....great customer service.  Prices are great.  The BBQ sauce is beyond amazing.  Tried the sliders...one beef,  one pork and one chicken.  One word...WOW. best pork I have ever had.  I highly recommend.~beef pork chicken pork ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Gep6UhpRDGiDoatEXop7gg~Got the butter chicken with nan A lot of variety, butter chicken was not bad but Ive had better before They warm up the food and give a small salad, 2 pieces of naan with a drink for 13 The best part of the meal was the naan, it was large and soft Would visit again~butter chicken butter chicken salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dzB8Dv1RT7xZqWT5C-FhUA~Awesome yummy buffet! Came here for brunch with my boyfriend and the pancakes were made on the spot and really fluffy! The sashimi was good and tasted creamy and we kept going back for seconds and thirds! Mango sorbet and green tea ice cream were also delicious! We were super stuffed and happy after this meal! Fresh squeezed OJ you can taste the pulp! and the waitresses were also very friendly! Would definitely come back! The decorations with the flowers and centerpieces were also really pretty!  Minus one star for the 1 hour wait though~pancakes mango tea ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~on7XKNk_BrwGEN8hpTpUOw~Took a friend here from out of town the other night. No lie, probably the best service I've ever had at a restaurant- they set the bar very high in valuing their customers. Aside from the service and most important- the food. I ordered the half chicken with vegetables and my friend ordered the "big ass" burger. The chicken was roasted perfectly. My favorite part though would've been the cornbread stuffing that the - chicken sat upon... they should offer a side dish of it, it was unbelievable. My friend's burger was huge, no surprise given it's very direct menu name- he loved it. Our server was very personable and extremely professional. I actually don't drink but the wine list was very extensive and have heard good things about the selection. Furthermore, I hear the happy hour is hard to beat, so I will definitely be coming back soon for more.~chicken burger chicken chicken burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~ay09f5vfyQjhNIfsli6CXQ~Had lunch here twice now and their BBQ sandwichs are very taste but definetly messy. First time I tried pork and this time I tried the chicken. Both were good. I recommend this if your in the mood for BBQ. I'm still dying to try their ribs but I don't think I could eat that much for lunch. The one thing I don't care for is their soda product. They have RC Cola! This is the only place I know that does'nt have coke or pepsi,, so I guess they are behind the times in the beverage department. But if your looking for good BBQ you should definetly try this place. Just make sure you grab some napkins!!~pork chicken ribs coke ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FqgbQ_im8oT9_Tue4qJVNQ~I say the best buffet in Vegas!  They have a huge selection of food from seafood, meat, pasta, etc. But I have to say that my favorite at the Buffet is the Coffee Ice Cream! Best coffee ice cream I've ever had!!! The taste & texture... yum yum yum ^^  I say the buffet at Wynn beats the one in Bellagio! If you are looking for a buffet, this one is a pretty good one to go to.~pasta coffee ice cream coffee ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~uu4QmMFF6ukea8LHPTL2Eg~The food here was decent, but nothing to write home about. The tortilla soup had a nice spicy kick. The ahi tuna appetizer was pretty good, I had that as my main dish. My fellow diners were also satisfied with their orders. The one dish I didn't think was very good was the green chili mac and cheese side. It tasted like velveeta instant mac & cheese with a little green chili added.  If I was only rating the food, this place would probably get 3 stars but I had some issues with the service and ambience.  Our party was seated towards the back of the restaurant near a back door, which servers used to go in and out to get more chairs. This happened at least 3 times during our meal, which was an issue since the temp was down to about 50 degrees that night. The service was also not great, for example, we asked for more bread and it was never brought out.   All in all, decent food but nothing special.~soup tuna mac and cheese ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~e161IywAAvnhwm8I56ICOA~Pricey, but lunch was absolutely fabulous.  Tempura shrimp, HUGE!  View, breathtaking.  Service, excellent.  Super place for out of town guests.  Only negative - needs a little freshening.  Carpeting, fabrics a bit worn looking.~tempura shrimp ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Own-PJAGfXO7i7TJ-V-5ZQ~Beautiful view of the capitol building. Service was more or less fine but nothing special. I ordered the roasted vegetables and mac & cheese. The roasted vegetables were fantastic, as roasted vegetables usually are. These were blissfully not drenched in oil and extra flavorful owing to the curry drizzle. I could eat those all day every day. The mac and cheese was good, though honestly a bit disappointing given the caliber of the restaurant. Frankly, I don't think Hook's 10-year cheddar is the right cheese for this dish and it could have used some mushrooms or caramelized onions, but still it was pretty good.  The small space didn't bother me like it seems to bother others. I thought the huge windows made it seem much bigger than it is. But I sat at the bar so maybe it's different if you are at a table? Though it seems like then it should bother you less. Who knows.  I totally forgot about their beet veggie burger. When I first looked at this place online months ago while I was still living elsewhere that is what caught my eye. Totally forgot about it tonight. Next time I'm getting that and skipping the mac & cheese.  And I thought it was a really good value. I had 2 glasses of wine, the roasted veggies and mac & cheese and my bill was $38. I'd happily pay that much just for the veggies!~cheese mac and cheese ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~uqGykt3EyhPL17KcUrnqJw~I love the potato salad! It's so good! The BBQ sandwiches are good, but sometimes I do question dropping 10 bucks for lunch here. BBQ sandwiches aren't that big and to be honest if it wasn't for the great potato salad, I would think this place is a rip-off.~potato salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tKnyuFhVz07gSzCyfkZa3g~*Get a Wynn players club card the savings helped.  Few things here are bad and the offering are just amazing. From French to Seafood they really have a decent selection. And desert is a must.   The wait wasn't too bad, pricing was high but it really didn't matter at the time.   I didn't really enjoy the ice cold crab legs but i did like how they were perfectly sliced down the middle, only if they were deboned :-).  I was confused by the untouched pizza, in a place which tried coming off as a higher end solution to a buffet. Not seeing single slice removed in my rounds. I didn't understand why it was served.   Rice dishs were plentiful , as were multiple soups with a lot of selection based on cooking style.  The best moment had to be the before desert coffee. It was nice being offered it.  For a buffet it was excellent. As for the price it didn't really match.   As for the service i wasn't wowed more then being offered free coffee.~coffee coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~-Pa4VevWc1zv8OW4URedoQ~In a word, overrated. However, I went during Restaurant Week, so I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt.  The wait was short, thankfully, as it was crowded and uncomfortable both at the bar and entryway. My date and I were seated at a very tiny table, but you can't argue with the view. I could've done without the wait staff frequently bumping into us. And the heat. Summer in Wisconsin gets warm, especially through all glass walls.  The drinks came quickly, thankfully. The waiter seemed quite stressed and worked fast without much sweet talk, but again, Restaurant Week. We placed our orders and were surprised to receive a basket of popcorn - which actually looked stale and gross - that we hadn't ordered. Figuring this was complimentary, we were about to take bites, until another waiter came running over asking if we had ordered it, and if we had eaten from it already. Turns out it was for another table. Somewhat disgustingly, he took it from us and re-served it to the correct table.  The courses were well done and timed well. The fish was cooked to perfection. The appetizer was so-so. Dessert was delicious. Ordering one final drink at the end of the meal, however, took forever to get to us (nothing fancy, just beer on tap).  The idea is wonderful with the local produce and meat, but the ambiance, noise, and price just weren't worth it to me. Would I give Graze a second shot? Probably, but not during restaurant week, and not on a weekend evening.~date popcorn ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~spoTWMFZFOIZR2kdAk_mkw~Ok, so this was my very first time at the RF and I thought it was a blast. Maybe it's because I was brought here on a date and was totally spoiled to the max!   I still give this place a 4-star rating because the overall experience at the end of the night was amazing!   CON:  However, we didn't make reservations and went around 6 p.m., it was Happy Hour and the bar was pact to the brim. We were told that the next reservation open would be at 8:30 p.m. and we didn't want to wait, so the waitress told us  that the bar and patio tables were first-come, first-serve. There were no tables open for us and we couldn't even make it to the bar to put in some drink orders, some customers were rude and it really agitated me and I thought this whole experience was going to suck... EDIT: Also, the waitress, well, we hardly saw her.  PRO: The BF, on the other hand, thought that it would be a better idea to go shopping  and then come back later during the 8:30 reservation time. And boy was he right. What a difference it made to be at the restaurant from a different perspective, no crowd shoving, rude people, etc.  DRINKS: -The BF had several different kinds of beers (I tried a bit of them all), but we were a bit disappointed that they didn't have any on tap.   -I had the "Octoberfest" I don't remember who made it, but the beer tasted a bit sweet, kinda chocalateee' -I also had a "Prickly Pear Mojito" which was very good, but a little too sweet for my taste, oh and the bartender was pretty generous too!   FOOD:  We had a three-course meal!  -For our appetizer they gave us bread and butter, and then we ordered "The New Mexico Fondue Pot Lamb Chops" (three piecesof lamb and some bits of chili pastacio bread, rosemary bruchette and butternut squash) and boy was that tasty. -The BF ordered a the "BIg Ass Burger" and I ordered probably the most expensive thing on the menu, the "Filet Mignon". I ordered it 'blue', my favorite way, and yes, they got it right! (it was just  tad salty, but still really yummy!) -For a side, we shared the "Green Chili Macaroni, which we barely finished, but made for an excellent (thick) late night snack. (microwaved)  - Dor dessert, I ordered a Brownie (Lava cake), a la mode! It went excellent with coffee, especially since it was very sweet and thick (very rich). The BF was way to full to help me eat it, so sadly, a lot of it was left behind.     ATMOSPHERE: Loved, loved, loved the dark warm cozy feel! The antler chandeliers were a nice touch as well :)  PRICE: I would say expenisive, or at least the way I ate! But then again, I didn't get the chance to participate in HH. I suggest that if you plan to do the HH, you get there at 4 p.m. (when the RF opens and when HH starts)~date pear butter new mexico lamb lamb butternut burger cake coffee ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~tHTQYKHYGo4PHAgsn_ATDQ~I always thought this was the first Honey Bears on the scene. Turns out it is not. IT is still a great one though. I know it has been here for as long as I can remember. It is a cool place and not a bad location at all. It smells really good when you walk inside. They give you a lot of food for your order. No doubt about that. I had the Chicken,BBQ. I do not love Chicken. But, this was pretty good I have to say. We got some to go as well. The Cole Slaw was pretty tasty as well ,and seemed really fresh. I like the sause here,you can even get it to go. Meaning that you can buy bottles of it to take home. Parking is around the back and a little tight. But, I like anything that is old Phoenix and this is it!~honey chicken chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ttbJYRxn4AUkRs9LgKWPWA~I ate at Roaring Fork during a recent business trip to the Scottsdale area.  We were quite a large party - 10 people, but the service was very good.  We were all served promptly and the waiters were friendly and helpful.  I had the roasted chicken with cornbread stuffing which was very good - the flavor and crispy skin on the chicken was really nice and the stuffing was delicious.  Many of our group had the Big Ass Burger which looked really good, and everyone seemed to enjoy it as well.  If I was looking for a casual dinner in the Scottsdale area in the future, Roaring Fork would definitely be on my list.~chicken chicken burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~P7IBjOK_GuZtDTU6l-L6Og~I'm typically not a BBQ fan but after having a sample of Honey Bear's BBQ Chicken Sandwich at a street fair I'm now a believer.   The sauce has a warm and sweet taste and the pulled Chicken looks to be all white meat and quite tasty.  The only things that suck: the buns instantaneously decompose under the liquid BBQ sauce (making it a fork dinner rather than a sandwich) ... also they don't have Coke or Pepsi (only Dr. Pepper for the cola selection).~honey bbq chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~vEYifQ7XElY40SP3wLJZ9Q~Graze used to be a normal restaurant where if you happen to have allergies or food intolerance, you could work around their menu. For some reason, this has all changed and this review should serve as a warning for those with allergies or who have celiac sprue.   The first most annoying thing happens when you let your Graze waiter/waitress know that you have an allergy and/or celiac sprue. "How 'severe' is your allergy?" is almost always the response - as if they have been coached to ask this stupid question. I will like to point out here there are no degrees of severity when one has an allergy. An allergy is a an allergy. By letting your server know that you have an allergy or a food intolerance, it is an attempt to take good care of your health, and really, not an invitation to discuss the severity of an allergy. (And if I am going to take a chance and suffer the consequences of not following a restricted diet as I should be, that is my choice and my business and not theirs.)  Let's take another pause here. Why does one with allergies, et al, even eat out at all (or have the audacity to eat out, which might be your view, or more likely, Tory from Graze's)? Well, thanks for asking. As you can maybe understand, eating out creates a nice break from cooking at home. Cooking is a lot of work. It takes thinking, planning, shopping, manual labor, careful choosing of ingredients - and let's not forget the washing of pots and pans, and dishes afterwards. So, eating out every now and then is a very nice treat, and may even be inspirational for more cooking at home.  Back to my problem with eating at Graze, or any of the other restaurants of Tory Miller's. I have celiac sprue, which means I cannot eat anything with wheat, oats, barley, or rye. Eating any of these things will cause problems to my health. The only cure for celiac sprue is to not eat any of the things previously mentioned. In addition, I am allergic to nuts and peanuts - but we will talk about this a little later. Today, I went to Graze for brunch, not that I wanted brunch - but brunch is what it was to be. The only thing I could order on the menu was an egg scramble with a salad and potatoes, for $12. I really wanted the Chilaquiles - but I was informed that the corn chips aka tortillas are deep-fried together with the beignets. I mention to my waitress my allergy restrictions and then I order the egg scramble. Well, apparently, the potatoes are also deep-fried in the same oil as the beignets. I ask her if they can make the potatoes a different way - I don't need fancy. After all, if I can order hash browns at your less fancier restaurant than Graze - surely they can cook up something with your most simple food, a potato. Well, apparently, they cannot - even though they have a huge kitchen and are supposedly cooking food back there -  and they also cannot have a second and separate deep-frier for gluten-free foods - such as the corn tortillas, because really if one were to order gluten-free in a restaurant, ordering something with corn tortillas should be a no brainer - but seems to require brains at Graze (frying the corn tortillas with the beignets and the potatoes doesn't sound very tasty in my opinion, if you were to ask me). So, I ordered the egg scramble with an extra helping of the salad, which for $12 is not a sufficient substitute for the potatoes.  There really is nothing safe to eat on their menu if you have allergies - 95% of the menu has the potential to be contaminated in their wonderful kitchen in the back.   Oh yeah - and the peanuts and my allergy to them, along with so many other people who have peanut allergies. Apparently, Tory is thumbing his nose at people with allergies and has absolutely zero compassion or understanding for people who suffer from them. He has the audacity to fry his food at Sujeo in PEANUT OIL! Yes, folks, peanut oil.   Hey, Tory, you may think this is a new trend - as a restaurant, to not accommodate your customers however, it is not very alternative of you to blatantly have a complete lack of concern for people with disabilities (I am talking about allergies here, because at least for me, the consequences are disabling) as much as your mohawk is not alternative anymore.~wheat oats barley rye egg salad chilaquiles corn chips tortillas egg potato corn tortillas corn tortillas corn tortillas egg salad ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~VYfwRfa3UyaECVh1q-wuIQ~I'm feeling extra nice today, so Honey Bears gets 3 stars instead of 2.  We were really hungry after work and couldn't decide on a place, but since we drive down Central and see this place everyday, we figured now was as good a time as ever to give it a shot.  My first sight upon entering was a couple hookers sittin and eatin bbq.  I wasn't sure if that was a good sign or a bad sign, but they were definitely hookers.  Anyway, I stared up at the menu for about 30 seconds (it's pretty small) and decided on a regular bbq beef sandwich and a side of cole slaw.  For two sandwiches and two sides the total came to about 14 bucks.  Not bad!  They also have RC cola in their soda fountain, so that may tickle your fancy.  Not mine.  The food came out in a matter of 2 minutes and we unwrapped our foil covered sandwiches to find... not enough bbq sauce.  They charge extra.  LAME!  The meat was fine, but a little too dry for my taste.  It was pretty good when it had some of the sauce on it.  The cole slaw was okay, better than most places, except it was over peppered to me, but definitely still tasty.  I probably won't go back here, as nothing really stood out to me, but it was good enough for a 20 minute meal.~honey beef sandwich sandwiches sandwiches ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Ain4yditfkawvaHT5D_izA~Delicious food. The burger was enormous!  Also loved the braised beef and chili Mac and cheese.   Very nice atmosphere. The patio is lovely with 2 fire places and fully enclosed when necessary to keep it warm.    The service was also very good.  We'll be back.~burger beef mac and cheese ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~Xp6N_xZzMByuk1bboRlcUw~Que Bola Asere? This place is auethentic as they come. I learned the cooks are from Havana. The ropa vieja to me is the best in Las Vegas. There cuban sandwiches would be the best in Las Vegas if they didnt add mayo. The croquetas and maduros are very good. The prices are very reasonable and they have pretty good cafe.  I would of given this place a 5 but the mayo in a cuban sandwich is a SIN.  QUE ESTAS HACIENDO? COME!!!!~sandwiches sandwich ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~3uu6c4rJXpY5OK0wl_H5rA~If you need a cab or late-night Pakistani/Indian food, then head on down to King's Palace.  Their donut-shop-like neon sign acts like a beacon in the night on Church Street, here you can find over 44 combos (veggie dishes, boneless meat options, and other).  I couldn't decide on what kind of chicken I wanted, so I ordered: *Combo #33 - Three boneless chicken combo  ($11.99) (comes with two naan, salad, and pop) * Palak paneer ($7 bucks)  They heat up of all the food in the microwave.    The microwaving part doesn't bother me... but the heating food up in Styrofoam does.  I'll still eat here, don't get me wrong, I just pretend I don't see it.    When you get your food take-out, keep in mind that the order of chicken is half sauce, which leaks out of the container they give you.  As for the food...  The naan was a pleasant surprise! Even after I had walked home, it was still really hot. Crispy with little charred bits, chewy and soft on the inside, and gigantic.  The chicken was tender and soft and only one piece of boned chicken snuck in.  The meat is smothered in sauce and oodles of oil.  Butter chicken was decent...sweet, creamy, and very mild. The curry chicken wasn't particularly spicy, but not bad..  The Chicken Kasmiri was super flavourful, but I can't say it was my favourite of the three.  The palak paneer was very earthy and citrusy.  There weren't very many pieces of paneer. I think I will go for a lentil dish instead next time.  There's something about this place that keeps you coming back! Greasy, convenient, and cheap.~chicken chicken salad paneer chicken chicken chicken butter chicken chicken chicken paneer paneer ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~6nVUXqw3LDb1jGBNS1vyNw~I used to go to the location on EVB; been going to Honey Bear's since the early 90's...Love Honey Bears; it's great they are in Central PHX (closer to me now); I see they have Greens on the menu (but, they were out yesterday)...Will be back; for the Fried Chicken (on Wednesdays) & some Greens...Also, wish they had Fried Green Tomatoes...~honey honey greens fried chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~gFW2OvGHe3L9DoknIvgsKA~Came here looking for a quick bite since I needed to be somewhere fast and I ordered the combo with tornado fries and a meat lovers combo.  The fries is actually a potato that's been spiraled out and fried and it is delicious.  The cone itself is like a thin crunch crust pizza filled with pizza toppings and it was delicious.  Owner is really nice.  Highly recommend when you have a pizza craving.~fries fries potato ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~HX-CWUE1Ejrf1ISYkoG0YQ~We have used several Groupons for this location and enjoyed it both times!  The first time we ordered two different meals and neither of us came close to finishing the whole meal.  The second time we learned and ordered the Rib and Chicken plate ~ 19 and shared it with plenty left over still Also on the second go around it was cool enough to sit outside and enjoy the view Traffic and people watching is great from the outside spot Overall A Not a bad deal if you grab a deal and want a night out ~chicken 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Vxs3pjcVGQWxNSil0fU-kg~Had Butter chicken with rice there yesterday. The food was not fresh. Extremely overpriced for the quality. They should probably cut the prices in half there, because the service/food is not worth it.~butter chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~i2c7NjRjQOMY9IE4Weodvw~Older crowd and older atmosphere.. Overall, it worked out fine.  The food was fine and the drinks were fine.  Ordered the big burger and yes it was big and filling for $10.  The place was crowded.  Service was fine.  Just older overall.~burger ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~f9rsQJWd5URedMxzcVAz3g~Pro:  Excellent food!!  Good Service and a wide variety of options.  Absolutely Love their Butter Chicken.  Cons:   Once they mixed salt instead of sugar in the butter chicken i felt like i was going to puke, they replaced it with a new one and apologized :) Satisfied and happy.  Small Restaurant and chilly inside in the winter.~butter chicken butter chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3rAxPaBjSzIFxj-lWncp3A~This is one of the best buffets I've been to!  Why, the quality of the food was really good. For a $24 lunch, this was cheap.  International stations of food was of great taste.  Most meats were not dried up under heating lamps, seafood was tasty and moist.  Special recognition to the cured meats and cheese, lamb, asian station.  Too bad I had to drive back home otherwise I would've ordered some wine to go with the food.  It would be a great pairing.  Service was very attentive.  One thing, our party of 13 was broken into two tables away from each other, WTF???  The hostess should have done better to accomodate our group into one long table. We had to ask a waiter to at least but our groups closer together.  But, the food made up for it.  Desserts, very good with a diversity of small size treats so you can try the variety.  Coffee complimented the dessert perfectly.  At the end, all 13 of us were stuffed.  I'd come back to LV and make this a definite visit.  Even for dinner...or better, sunday champagne brunch!~cured meats cheese lamb desserts coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~xG-juVPvbZlugZE9Cap46w~This review is specific for the breakfast buffet.  For 20 dollars, you will get a variety of omelets, pancakes, fruits, french toast, desserts till your belly pops  Fresh squeeze OJ and coffee is also included.  Food was very fresh and of high quality. highly recommended!~pancakes french toast desserts coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n3Up8Kragku__PG8o4GnWQ~Went to Roaring Fork with some coworkers after one of those coworkers kept telling us "it's the best burger you'll ever have" and you know what, it was pretty darn close.  I've had a lot of burgers and this place has the "Big Ass Burger" and it was delicious. Cooked to perfection, all the toppings worked very well and the fries were great. Service was pretty good. The patio looked great, next time I will have to sit out there.  If you like burgers, you'll love the Big Ass Burger! Get it!~burger burgers burger fries burgers burger ~4 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~VmB6OWKb10tEy8o9EyNzYw~If you a Mac and Cheese lover then you'll love it here. A little out of the way from the Center of monkland but worth the extra few blocks down.  While we were sitting down and enjoying grilled cheese sandwich which I found not too greasy and a good portion. There was a take out order happening for a party. Great idea! And the Mac and cheese bowls are perfect. Also tried the tater tots.. Wow fantastic.. The potatoes and mashed with just enough cheese, fried to perfection. Don't pop the first one in you mouth! You might not burn yourself and not enjoy the rest :)~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~cPX0tpeMIRp6BZENokz9uA~Has Steve Wynn ate here recently?  I use to love this place and was one of the places to eat on every Vegas trip, but was disappointed this time around.  The waiter was asleep or did not care.  Brought 3 out of 7 of our drinks and placed them in the wrong place.  Brought my hot water but no tea bag.  Didn't come once to give us refills.  I guess that's what happens when gratuity is already paid for.  The Pad Thai was aweful.  Fish was dry.  It's not THAT bad.  They do have shrimp, delicious yogurt parfait, the usual great selection of desserts.  But with the long wait and ~ 40 person I d expect them to try their Pad Thai and dry fish before feeding it to us All of us felt unsatisfied Try Cosmopolitan s Wicked Spoon ~tea thai shrimp, desserts. thai 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NVapHNesJGOrquh22ZTVzg~Decided to eat breakfast at the Wynn after my husband raved about the tomatoes he'd eaten here a few years ago...and insisted we go!!  Can't say I was completely amazed by the food here, although, I will admit that we walked into into the buffet about a 1/2 hour before they changed everything over for lunch.  The breakfast we had, was good...but to be honest, a little more expensive then what I would have expected to pay. Ate at Paris the day before and their buffet was enormous! This was not even 1/2 the size of that!  What about the quality of the food?  Was good. But nothing to write home about. Although, they did have an excellent tomato and mozzarella gazpacho, the smoked trout was delicious and the tomatoes were amazing...liked my husband promised...although, they were out of them quick!  The remainder of food on the breakfast menu, was normal fare, and average tasting. Waffles, omelet station, quince, bacon, sausage and a few other offerings tossed in here and there.  They were busy, so the waitstaff was a bit slow. Although, their coffee was pretty good and the juice was fresh.  Decided I was going to ask one of the workers behind the food station about what they put on the tomatoes the next time I went up, and did. The lady got super snotty with me - why?! Because they moved the tomatoes and she was talking to someone else. Luckily one of the other servers seen how she treated my question and apologized, telling me what type of tomatoes and what was on them.   Can't say I really recommend this buffet for breakfast. Average at best. My mother in law picked at her food, and was comparing notes with our neighbors at the table beside us about how the Flamingo has the best. Wouldn't mind checking it out for lunch...but even then...may be hitting up Paris instead!!~tomato mozzarella gazpacho smoked trout quince bacon sausage coffee ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZAb5njnhYBaiIeefyyRARg~this is always a great place to eat either late night or when pressed for time. I always found the non-vegetarian food to be consistently well made with the right amount of spice. vegetarians might not like this restaurant as much, i find that the veggie dishes are hit or miss. The naan is quite good , made the traditional way (no eggs / yeast) menu recommendations: butter chicken, rogan josh, chicken kashmiri, brain masala (unfortunately only on weekends)  I usually end up paying around 13$ with naan and drink.~butter chicken chicken ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~cuhtu-cBMObQ67G11Karlg~The BBQ sauce is addicting.  Chicken and pork were both prepared well.   Beer was nice and cold, and they had more options than just the typical bud or coors.  Sweet potato fries, which they had forgotten at first, were also very good.  Corn on the cob was bad:  stale and kinda mushy.  It was either boiled for a couple days or has spent way too much time in a steamer to keep it warm.  I love corn on the cob, and this is the only time that I can recall that I didn't eat it.  +5 stars for the BBQ sauce and the overall meal.  -1 star for the corn on the cob.~chicken pork sweet potato ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~DwDLpSAcx3FrPrmWPhiZvQ~I'd say 3 stars is pretty accurate. The 1/4 chicken and Mac n Cheese I had were decent.  Its average food.  The cashier needs to be nicer to customers. Overall, its alright, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.~chicken cheese ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NsrJ_S60auNEpEKIIJh7YQ~Decided to eat here for breakfast before we made our way back to Los Angeles.   EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!  Never going to eat here again and never going to recommend anyone I know to eat here.   Initially, the price you pay ($47.00 for 2) didn't seem too bad. You expect it to be that price. It's a buffet right? When you take your first lap around the buffet you'll notice how dismal the selections are. There's breakfast cereal... BREAKFAST CEREAL!!! I just paid $23 to have fruit loops?!? Then that's when you realize the price is ridiculous.   If you continue on you'll notice each station has some sort of an egg dish. Lobster frittata, scrambled eggs, egg white only, eggs benedict, and then an omelet station?!? Who can eat so many eggs and how lazy do you have to be that you can't come up with any other dish other than plain egg whites?!?  After bypassing the numerous egg dishes and the prepared cereal bowls of frosted flakes and fruit loops, I went looking for the lox and bagels. I find the station and a line of people thinking that maybe the lox are really good. I remember them being pretty good so I make my way over to the line. I get to the line only to find that people are waiting for the staff to put more lox out. The woman in front of me says that she's been back and forth from her table several times hoping that they had replaced the lox. She went on to say she's been waiting for at least 40 minutes. 40 MINUTES!!! We ask the man behind the glass to put more out and all he says is "more coming." Yes we know, but WHEN?!?  This is where I decided to tell my wife to finish her plate and to stop eating because we were going to wait 45 minutes at our table drinking only our coffee and juice and drive off to go have breakfast elsewhere.  Seriously people... DO NOT EAT HERE!!!~egg egg white eggs benedict egg egg coffee ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fuQRBbojMNUuNB3wgWEVTw~Mac and cheese was amazing, and all of the employees were very very helpful and attentive!!!~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~IU4rTuSaq1j8RwAdaDtReg~Last night, while discussing dinner, my friend suggested burgers or Asian... And I recalled that Roaring Fork is said to do a good burger, and since it is down the street from the theater, we decided to check it out.  My first impression was that it is very classy.  When taking our order, the server mentioned that she had one order left of a special thick-cut pork chop, which *almost* derailed my plan to try out the Big Ass Burger.  But I stayed strong, and ordered the burger (medium rare, of course).  Along with that, I got the Weinhard root beer (they could do better than Weinhard, but at least they have something in a bottle).  The bread they brought out to the table for us to munch on was superb.  Especially the corn bread.  Someone also randomly brought us an amuse-bouche: it was seared halibut marinated in something and placed on a small piece of toast.  Bringing me small tastes of delicious food I didn't even ask for is the perfect way to win me over!  While waiting for our burgers, I observed the artwork on the wall in front of me - it was a watercolor print of a cowboy's lower legs, wearing boots with an Arizona flag on the leg.  This had to be a Nelson Boren painting, and sure enough, there was his signature in the corner (the piece was "July In Arizona").  It's nice sitting down at a restaurant and seeing artwork by someone with whom you once played tennis years ago.  The burgers themselves were excellent - perfectly cooked, topped with delicious chilis and bacon.  The fries were decent, and the chipotle mayo (or whatever that sauce is) works perfectly.  As far as the burger's name, "Big Ass" certainly does a swell job describing its size.  It was a good burger, although if you order it more cooked than medium, I could see the meat becoming very dry.  I was impressed with the place - both the food and the decor was excellent.  Next time, I won't be afraid to let a thick, juicy pork chop derail me.~burgers burger pork burger burger corn bread burgers burgers bacon fries burger burger pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TscHx7TEIPCOeI2ydrYeSQ~The happy hour here is wonderful and it is all day/night during the summer.  The big ass burger is properly named and the drinks were strong. The only drawback is so many people are aware of the awesomeness of the place that it was jam packed. Every time I had been here I am amazed at the diversity of the patrons. From 21 - 90, every age range is represented.   Insider tip - Don't bring a bassinet and give sour faces to people next to you in a crowded bar. Yea lady, you know who you are.~burger ~5 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~vra8wx1OQ6E7UDiFbc3U7w~Great yogurt place!  They have a huge selection of yogurt and toppings. I had the cake batter yogurt and the chocolate milkshake yogurt. Both were delicious. The place is kept very clean, too.~cake milkshake ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3ck7bzqiHHwgiI8DAo009g~This place went WAY downhill the past couple years.  (This review is for Dinner only)   I went a few times in the year or so after they opened, and was very impressed. They had rack of lamb, and better desserts.   The lamb chops were the highlight. They were seasoned very well, and were above average quality. They since removed them. last 2 times I was there, for dinner.  The last visit was about 3 months ago.  The last 2 visits were a huge disappointment..  The bread was stale, the meat was dry, and tough. Inedible for my party.. in fact one in my party couldn't find ANYTHING she could eat.  Everything was bad.    The only thing I liked was the ice cream. It was hand scooped if I remember right.  All the baked goods were stale, and the cakes/pies were low quality. The creme brulee was watered down.   The candy apple was HARD as a ROCK!! I couldn't bite into it. I bet someone will break a tooth with that thing.  Did I mention the breads were STALE??  The quality of the food they were offering was worth about $18. Not the $~46 they were charging We complained to management and they didn t want to hear it They were rude Refills were slow We complained to hotel management and wrote a letter About 6 weeks later all we get is a form letter saying they will talk to the buffet managers about it We will try the buffet at the Encore if they have one because in Vegas the plan seems to be to start off high end and get lots of hype then cut costs big time The Wynn cut costs big time alright and we notice We now go to the Paris if we want a buffet The crepes are to DIE for and the Paris has the best chocolate ~lamb, desserts. lamb ice cream. apple breads 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~XsXuGTuyNwkLADp7kQ8RRw~One of the best buffet ..I could end the sentence with I ever had, or in Vegas or... I liked almost everything. I liked prosiutto, red olives, salami, oatmeal, pork bun, cheviches, even sushis were good.  I paid over $30 person, that's quite expensive but it was well spent. By the way coffee was ok.~salami pork coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~LEQSalCKf-z_SRbw4AolsQ~Graze is one of the most acclaimed restaurants in Madison, with very good reason. It's the less formal (and less expensive) sister restaurant of L'Etoile, which is right next door, and just steps from the Capitol. Graze (so named for the farming aspect as well as what the menu inspires guests to do) is less formal, but just as much creativity and attention to detail go into everything on the menu. It's the kind of place you'd go just for drinks or food, and stay for the other. During a recent thirty-six hour stay in Madison, we went twice; once for early-evening cocktails and snacks, the other for a mid-afternoon nosh. It was close to our hotel, but proximity aside, we went back because we just enjoyed it that much.  I can't say enough good things about the fantastic food and terrific cocktails. Over the course of two visits we were able to sample quite a bit of the menu and there wasn't anything we didn't love. On the evening visit we tried Sassy Cow cheese curds with a vodka batter; deviled eggs, house-made pickles (beets, cucumbers, escabeche, daikon, kimchee), truffled popcorn, frites with garlic aioli, and fresh oysters with just-grated horseradish. Everything was eminently enjoyable. My cocktail of choice was the 'Herb 'n Cruise,' a tasty concoction of New Amsterdam gin, Lillet, basil simple syrup and lemon. It was so smooth and drinkable. Later on I switched to a non-alcoholic seasonal lemonade and this week's flavor was blueberry-rhubarb. So fruity and refreshing!  On the second visit, they were still serving their brunch menu so we just shared a lox and bagel plate (and more of that delicious lemonade!) and that too was top-notch. The bagel was an "everything," the cream cheese was flecked with bits of fresh lemon zest and dill, and the lox was in the shape of a rosette. On the side was a tiny dish of capers and red onion. It was a lovely presentation and tasted as good as it looked.  The servers here are some friendly folk and took great care of us on both visits. The menu changes seasonally and it goes without saying that all the ingredients are locally sourced.  Graze is now on our "must-visit" list for frequent trips to Madison.~cheese pickles popcorn garlic horseradish lemon rhubarb cream cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~p-8RChLBzyl6cisygAhvHQ~Disclaimer: I only went to the happy hour.  I live across Roaring Fork and have meaning to come here for a while now. I came with a couple of friends and was able to try a few options on the menu. The first thing I would say is that they don't skimp on happy hour foods. The portions are large and we were all definitely full when we left (and tipsy, but I'll talk more about that later).  Food we got: 1- Guac: Eh. Honestly, I've had better. For $7, it was a little expensive and not very worth it. I wouldn't recommend getting this.  2- Green Chili Pork: The pork was really tender and the flavors were pretty good. I wouldn't go back just for this, but if I were to go back, I would order it again. They give a really large amount of this and the jalepeno that came with it was just the right amount of spicy :) 3- Tortilla Soup: Another mediocre dish. However, it was exactly like what they described (with the rotisserie chicken, avocado and tortilla strips) so I guess there isn't anything to complain about. 4- Burger: This was good. From the reviews, I expected something amazing. However, it is great for the price and definitely filling. It was HUGE and the fries that came with it were also pretty good.  Drinks: Huckleberry Frozen Margarita: This was SO strong. I drank about 1/3 of my drink and gave up. I really appreciate the fact that they give you so much alcohol, but I really did not need that much.  Citrus Mojita: Eh. Not great. It wasn't citrus-y enough for me, but that may be just personal preference.   Overall, it was fine but I do want to try it for regular dinner one night because I have had friends give Roading Fork raving reviews.~pork pork soup chicken avocado burger fries ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~PP03aGQa8SIwTKMcg-xGVw~Not everyday I get thw chance eat lunch with a bear and moose elk head!   I came in for lunch around 11:45.   We were promptly seated up stairs.  The room had killer blue lights and had kind of a night clubby feel.   We got dine with stuffed bear and moose/ elk head! Totally made my after noon.  I ordered the crab cake sandwich (my lunch goto)  But id also love to seafood pasta or shrimp po' both lookes pretty tasty also.~crab cake ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6U80y-S9fV5JbAkE6a4UKA~Enjoyed the roaring fork so much !  I would suggest better signage for out of towners but that is the only thing I can suggest.   The  green chili pork with fresh tortillas was fabulous .  The pork wings were pretty good but could have been more tender .  The big ass burger was enjoyed by my husband and son and I really enjoyed the fish tacos .  Great service and the ambiance on the patio was just the best !   Enjoy this place ... Too bad I don't live in Scottsdale as I would be a regular !~pork tortillas pork burger tacos ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~p0CfLftnLm05uUos2QAw8A~The chicken is good.  The sauce is great.  The sides are fine. The place is an uncharming bit of a dive.~chicken ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~QPxqF3sw1DRhLtUKQtjSZQ~Imagine my delight , followed by absolute panic when I saw that Prairie Girl Bakery had set up shop in the PATH at FCP!  I LOVE me some cupcakes!  They are my Achilles' heal.  However, having just returned from a long vacation in Europe and looking down the pipe at the upcoming Holiday Season and the non-stop eating that comes with, I felt my spirits sinking.  How will I ever keep the pounds off and still fit into my skinny jeans if I have to walk by this place EVERYDAY.  Let's face it, their cupcakes are freakin' delicious!  Red velvet, vanilla, chocolate...all of my favourites and topped with cream cheese icing - really?  Why are you doing this to me!?  AND they even a banana cupcake with peanut butter icing.  I am doomed!~cupcakes cupcakes cream cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~WPSA82Dkkelw4Ti0Mh3aBA~What's there to offer those of us who don't want 6 month old frozen crab legs?  What happened to this place?! At $45/person, I wouldn't say the food was much better than the Golden Corral, albeit slightly better selection! It's been about 2yrs since I last visited, and boy has this place gone downhill!  The tuna/seawood dish comes in a little sauce dish, and there were only 4 little pieces of tuna, smaller than the sugar cubes you would drop in your coffee. I got sick from eating the raw oysters. The fish was dry because it has been sitting too long. They don't rotate the fried chicken, so it's the same few pieces sitting there for an hour. The pizza was depressing. and the ice cream wasn't very creamy at all. Plus the veggies were limp.  The marinated rib eye was pretty good. The creme brulee was pretty good, as was the choco chip cookie, but for what I paid, I don't see the value. Very disappointed, because this place was supposed to offer a premium product, being associated with the Wynn name and all. Maybe this was why there was 0 wait time when I got here Friday night at 6pm? And to think at one time, this was one of my fave buffets of all time. Sad...~tuna tuna coffee fried chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wrDp4CF_mcZvtGDnJhJ4mQ~In baseball turns, it's a swing and a foul tip on a full count.  Yes, it was Chinese New Year this weekend for a lot of revelers who came upon this grand city to celebrate the Year of the Ox.  Although we hope to be prosperous this year, it is wise to choose another way of blowing $45 plus on another buffet.  Service was really hit or miss here.  Sheesh!  My auntie only needed a cup of tea.  And it took 25 minutes?!  It was busy, but the bussers and servers should know by now to handle the throngs for Saturday night buffet.  The sushi was kept there a little longer than expected.  And the line for some shrimp and king crab were as long as the lines of entry for Alcatraz.  The quail was not to die for, and the pork was a bit disappointing.  Desserts were a pleasant surprise and the coffee ice cream was quite delicious.  My buddy liked the creme brulee and it was pretty fresh.  Nice try, Wynn Buffet!  I'll hunt for another place to buffet.  To buffet is human, to dine, divine.  Somewhere else, that is.~tea sushi shrimp pork desserts coffee ice cream ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~dhWCDo2gLe43DEYqcLv5cg~After hearing that the chef was a iron chef champ I wondered where the chef was when our dishes came. Good but nothing special to me. I'm Japanese so I expected a little more asian flair to the dishes too. Using Udon noodles under salmon doesn't quite do it. Calamari was greasy like something from coney island. very nice romantic booths with a view of the mountains at sunset but it wasn't as spectacular like maybe a view of the sunset off the kaanapali coast. Nothing like that. Waiter was nice, service was good. Restaurant remembered that we had a birthday party person which was the best. I enjoyed my lunch at NoRTH 200 percent better than dinner here but the atmosphere and seating was better here. Don't like how the bar lounge seating is right behind the romantic booths. Kind of defeats the intimacy of dining.~salmon ~3 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~Xg7TyAvTibItNmSuJz-dSQ~Being that I grew up in Panama I welcome any place that serves hispanic food. I have been to a couple places like the Cuba cafe and Florida cafe which are ok, was hoping this would knock those places out of the water based on the reviews.  Started off with the tostones cups with ropa vieja.  Good, but not as phenomenal as I had my hopes on.  I ordered the Veradera special seafood paella.  Worst mistake ever!!!  Should have stuck to my gut and gotten a sandwich, or something else.  But I LOVE seafood and I enjoy paella very much.  Well, for a $20 dish the majority of the seafood was EXTREMELY tough.  Had to spit out majority.  Mostly the calamari and octopus.  Fresh seafood should never be like that.  It had 2 shrimp, one scallop that  was good and 2 very slimy imitation crab pieces.  Oh, and a sad skimpy crab claw that had no meat in it.  Was so disappointed.  I also asked that I have tostones instead of sweet plantains as a side.  They charged extra and the were not thin and a little crispy like they are suppose to be.  Quite thick and soft.    My boyfriend had the oxtail and said it was really nothing special.  A lot of bones and not much meat.  I wish I could bring myself to give this place another chance but I don't think I'll be able to.~paella sandwich paella shrimp ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~kXLpb6TSWyP7bVnfXtL6qw~I hadn't in this restaurant for a few years because the sauce had a lot of vinegar in it years ago.  I don't know what they did but the sauce is now some very good stuff, the lunch time business seems very good.  a co-worker wanted to go so we did and I was very surprised at how good the sauce was,  we had barbeque beef and pork sandwiches.  I haven't made it on rib tip day (Friday) or chicken wing day, Wednesday,  I think.  I will review again when I have had the oportunity to try those and other menu items.~beef pork sandwiches chicken ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QhwIfknZOf1NaelMuKBFcA~If you're a meat and potatoes sort of person like I am, The Roaring Fork will do you just fine. While I'm sure this is the trendiest of eateries in town (I was the youngest person at happy hour by about 10 years!), the Old West spirit of simple, wood-fired grub is both timeless and ageless.   Named after a river in Colorado, thing big and gutsy, and that translates to fall-off-the-bone baby back ribs (smothered in a Dr. Pepper bbq sauce, no less), green chile mac 'n cheese, and smashed potatoes. The food here is meant to satiate and stuff, in all the right ways. My only regret was not trying their infamous "Big Ass Burger" but that just leaves room for another visit one day.  P.S. If you can handle it, figure out a way to try their Pineapple Cornmeal Upside Down Cake; I'm not sure if it really embodies the Southwest or anything, but it sure tastes good!~ribs cheese burger pineapple cake ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~C4WAYDH_v37SjwKrWDYeSg~This is one of the places I do not get at all.  Why would anyone put out such a poor product?  Why would anyone buy these?  Probably because it's convenient for those of us working in the financial district.  Besides location, there's absolutely nothing going for these cupcakes at all.  Trust me, I'm a cupcake connoisseuse.  I blog about cupcakes.  The primary problem that I have with this (and a few other establishments, like The Cupcake Shoppe) is that I find it's incredibly LAZY to slap different flavoured frostings on top of the same 2-4 cake bases.  When all you do and make is cupcakes, you need to develop unique cake bases for every flavour.  Or use one cake base for 2 flavours tops (3 if they contain different fillings).  This is just lazy.  It shows zero pride in their craft.  It makes the cupcakes boring.  It's a waste of time and an absolute waste of calories.  A good cupcake starts with a good cake base, and real flavour variety is what makes cupcakes.  I'd rather take a 30 minute trip out to the ends of the city for a truly good quality cupcake made with effort than have one of these conveniently located under my office.  Besides that, the cupcakes taste below average at best.  They are often dry, they are waaay too sweet, and they don't have much flavour, except the banana, perhaps.    Other Yelpers have commented that there's too much frosting - that, I don't think is a problem.  It's necessary to make the cupcakes look pretty.  I do think they are too over the top at Prairie Girl with the frosting, but no one's obligated to eat all the frosting that comes on a cupcake.  What I do is that I'll take an initial bite in - frosting and cake - and then peel the cupcake liner off the cupcake.  Then I turn the cupcake sideways or upside down on the liner (depending on how good it is) and either eat the cake with a little bit of frosting or eat the cake alone.  But they do overcompensate the luckluster ingredients with way too much sugar, which results in cupcakes that have no distinct flavour besides overkill sweetness.  Just don't bother!!!~cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cake cake cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes banana cupcakes cake cake cake cupcakes ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Ui-4Hx6f97qv7E-xtVnWeA~This a definite "regular" for us!  We generally sit in the bar, because the specials, they have a happy hour menu, which is pretty great!  Green chile pork is to die for!  The Big Ass Burger is great & only $7 with fries!  Oh and it has bacon & green chiles on it!    The little bar snacks they give you as well are great!  & Fresh Beef jerky if you're really lucky!~pork burger fries bacon beef jerky ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~E7SWWlZ0ekKBhSZeMxzBEw~Totally great experience. The decorations itself make you get more hungry as you are slowly making your progress in the breakfast que. I liked the way that the beverages like regular coffee and orange juice were bottomless within the breakfast and the way that they were both fresh. Gelatto is clearly to die for especially after you make your round the buffet items a few more times. Prices are ok, I will include the current prices for 2015 in the photos. After breakfast, the whole day I was not hungry and did not eat anything until breakfast the next morning. So, if you want to have an experience of something tasty and luxurious and get energy to be able to strolling through whole day in Vegas, the Buffet at Wynn is your ultimate breakfast station!~coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sJ70Ij2w1APRwS2NYpR57Q~I've only been to Roaring Fork once, but I enjoyed my experience there.   I had a bacon wrapped pork tenderloin that was delicious. My wife had a trout dish that she thought as alright, but she really liked the green chile and pork appetizer. We sat outside on the patio on a cool evening and it made for a really nice ambiance. Service was very attentive and the prices were reasonable considering the quality and portions of the food. I definitely want to return to try their Big Ass burger. I love burgers and with a name like that, I've got to order it at least once.  Location is a little weird, at the bottom of an office building off Scottsdale road, but once you find it you'll be glad you did.~bacon pork pork burger burgers ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~GYx5o27HBQBgz6qVrUWByw~Wynn Buffet is one of the best in Vegas. It's a little more pricey than some, but all the good ones are. Champagne brunch is fun here, they even pack you some mimosas to go in a coffee cup, so you can continue your 10AM buzz as you swagger through the Wynn/Encore area. The food overall is really fresh, high quality stuff. There are lots of meat, seafood, sushi.... and they also have specialty salads they mix right there, a wide selection of fresh, always delicious fruit, and this amazing brown sugar-cream-strawberry "salad" that is to die for.   The desserts @ Wynn are amazing, they change every so often, but are always delightful. They also offer a decent array of sugarfree desserts as well (not my cup o tea, but hey, nice to see they have options)...   Not really much else to say except last time I went here, my girl ate so much cuz it was so delicious that she was borderline overflow, if you know what I mean.  Yummilicious Factor = A~coffee sushi salads brown salad desserts desserts tea ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~otDDFAalDzkzgOUkZlxv4g~Seriously delicious. Usually, I totally detest buffets (aka pig troughs) but alas, when in Vegas, do as the drunkards/tourists/Vegas-ans do, right?  Came here for brunch last weekend. I especially enjoyed the duck confit salad with the clover sprouts. It was the best duck confit salad I've ever had!! I also really liked the congee bar, which later switched into a chicken panang bar, which was also really impressive, but I thought the portions the chefs gave out (because they make it for you right there) were way too big. The tables all around us got the same thing, and from observations, everyone's went to waste because it's a buffet! We're all stuffing ourselves with other delicious goodies already.  Another highlight was the end of my meal: coffee and sugar-free cheesecake. Cheesecake was, hands down, best ever. Moist, rich, but not too rich, and just the right amount of deliciousness in a tiny, sugar-free square. Mm mm good. I didn't get a chance to try everything (the charcuterie assortment looked AMAZING but my conscience always overpowers me when it comes to meat (aside from duck-- it's the only animal that has to be afraid of me!), so alas, I did not partake.) I also had the sugar-free chocolate cake, which was too crumbly.   The seafood selection was really good. No famed crab legs as mentioned in all the other reviews, but I did have the Manhattan clam chowder, the sea bass with olive tapenade, and salmon. The pastas were really, really good too, though I took just a tiny spoonful of each (gnocchi, egg pasta, pappardelle, darn you pasta for being so carbalicious!!!!  Service was surprisingly GREAT for a buffet. Our waitress was extremely helpful and came over several times to check on us without being intrusive. Definitely will visit again on my next trip to Vegas, (despite my pig trough fears and all, this is one classy buffet!)~salad salad chicken coffee chocolate cake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~S7Zl7aCpDeKZ8PN8GMcuEg~This place is absolutely delicious! Not only is the food amazing, the quality of the food is unbeatable. And in my opinion, the BEST cheese curds in Madison! Get a half order, they're amazing!  The location is amazing. The restaurant has tons of windows and glass, and the seating outside is beautiful.   I got the pork BiBimBap which is a tad different from bibimbap I'm used to. The rice comes in blocks of crispy rice that is very dense. Honestly, not my favorite, but the other ingredients were good!  My friend got the Graze Burger and loved it, though he said it wasn't worth the price. The fries are DELICIOUS and I definitely recommend them.  Another friend got the Mac and Cheese which was incredible. Light, creamy, flavorful.   Service was great, food was amazing, menu had so many different choices. It's pricy, but worth it. Definitely go here!~cheese pork burger fries mac and cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6lzaXC_dACuvqJJxrosxTQ~Fun restaurant on the square. Get the liter of wine from the cask. Popcorn appetizer great. Had the burger on an English muffin. Very good. Fries excellent. Several odd entree items. Very noisy though.~popcorn burger fries ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tn6BdIOnZ5Aqsc6B5Q0ACQ~Great burger. Happy hour specials and atmosphere are great.  Service was excellent both times I was there a year apart.~burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kOaS3t6YVd74_EVQeumNXg~A collection of mostly subpar to mediocre foods and a few interesting desserts and nice little touches.  I ended up here with two relatives during the transition between brunch buffet and dinner because they were given free buffet tickets as part of a promotional package at the Wynn Casino and I decided to join them. Both of them, who have eaten at several buffets in their lifetime said that the food didn't taste fresh. One of them preferred the buffet at the Pala Casino in California. I didn't particularly enjoy anything they put out. They attempted a variety of international foods but the California rolls were dry and a little stiff. One of my relatives compared it to grocery store sushi (and I've had grocery store sushi that tasted a lot better). I'm not a fan of meat and seafood but I love noodles and pasta and this place was lacking in impressive and filling noodle and pasta dishes. They did have made to order korean pancakes which were rather flavorful and some interesting pizza choices which included bacon and manchego cheese.  The desserts were definitely the highlight. I really enjoyed their green tea pudding with chia seeds, as well as their green tea lychee cupcake and thai tea cup. The desserts also include a gelato / ice cream selection as well as made to order crepes. Everything came in small portions so you can sample a little of everything without overindulging.  I noticed a few vegan dessert options, which was nice for those on restricted diets but not many sugar free desserts, and the guava juice in little jars was cute and refreshing.  Overall, I wouldn't highly recommend going out of your way to visit this buffet and but if you're staying in the hotel, especially if they offer you free buffet tickets as part of a promotional package, I don't think it would be too painful of an experience. Just don't expect to be wowed.~desserts sushi sushi pasta pasta pancakes bacon cheese desserts tea tea lychee thai tea desserts ice cream desserts guava ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~0-s_CoYfg-30PhiZcUzVBQ~Happy hour heaven. What does this vegetarian order from this meat and potatoes place? GREEN CHILI MAC N CHEESE!! That is all I need and all I could ever want. I dream of it.   My hubby and I have never actually eaten in the restaurant area, just the bar. The happy hour is awesome. They have amazing cocktails for about $5 each. The margaritas are so refreshing. They have martinis on special too with decent vodka and gin. I always order a dirty martini and it comes out perfect, with delicious blue cheese olives. And the portion is generous... their is usually enough in the shaker for one and a half martinis.   My husband orders either the Big Ass burger or the green chili pork stew. Both he said are phenomenal with a generous portion but he has a special place in his heart for the Big Ass burger. It is always cooked exactly how he asks for it, which he is picky about. The fries it comes with are tasty. I have stolen many off his plate.  On to the the mac n cheese... it comes out bubbling hot in its own kettle. The top is a layer of crunchy goodness. It is gooey, green, and a bit spicy. It is HEAVEN. I end up scraping the crunchy bits off the side of the kettle. It is THAT good.  My only complaint has nothing to do with the restaurant but the patrons. There is almost always a wait in the bar area of people eager to take advantage of their great happy hour. While some people are nice, some are total A-holes. I don't know if it is the area, after all it is Paradise Valley and Scottsdale, but there is an entitlement issue going on. I have had many people try to snatch a table or bar seats from us when we were waiting longer than they were. We had to stand our ground and things have been unpleasant at times. We are nice people... we have pointed out tables to people who are waiting before us. Unfortunately, most patrons of this bar aren't  nice. I think it would be great if they ran a wait list in the bar area or if the staff stepped in somehow. It sucks having to deal with these snotty and rude people and makes waiting for our table an unpleasant experience.  Once that business is over though, it is a wonderful experience. Delicious grub, perfect cocktails, great service, and nice environment. Minus the A-holes...~cheese cheese burger pork burger fries cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~0__kOembapc_2uvoeAP6Eg~Unlimited pickles have arrived at jason's. The solo, lonely pickle on the plate has been abolished and now all sandwich ordering patrons can load up on pickles at the salad bar. They are decent pickles with a good crunch. Just imagine if every sandwich you ate in your lifetime came with unlimited pickles, how many per sandwich would you eat? I downed 7 of them with my $6.99 Papa Joe. The sandwich was turkey with roma tomato and pesto aioli and was good, despite being small as it was shoved onto a square of Herb Foccica bread about toilet paper size. There are places with better turkey around, so unless you love pickles, this chain will only be necessary when in a bind. Salad bar is good too on a previous visit, but just throw some chicken or protein on the thing and stop nicle and diming us for everything up there (pickles was just a start).~pickles sandwich pickles salad pickles sandwich pickles sandwich sandwich tomato pickles salad chicken pickles ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Ytj2GvMZY0HD1VU0H6Qtpg~Sunday afternoon, wandering around the Strip.  Luke Wholey's was calling my name.  We decided to stop for lunch.  We were happy to see that they had a table for us on the sidewalk.    Our server Troy was great.  He helped me select a sandwich, I ordered the crab cake.  BJ ordered blacken scallops and shrimp with jasmine rice.  My sandwich wasn't jumbo lump, but it was very good and I love their french fries.  BJ's seafood was perfectly cooked.  It was served with baby bok choy which was also yummy.  We really enjoyed our first experience here and will definitely be back.~sandwich crab cake ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~hZgcX8uZw1hYCE6-wnim2A~"An American Bistro and Bar," this western but elegant establishment serves up cowboy fare wtih a twist of new mexico and a dash of french savvy for sauces.  The decor is typical for the wild west...chandeliers made from the antlers of deer, wood finishes, and a saloon to quench the thirst.  They do have an extensive wine list, though I tried one of their mixed drinks, which is something I do at every restaurant I visit.  'Iced Tea' - Bacardi Limon, Lemon & Mint  'Wrath of McGrath' - A Shiner Bock Beer with a Shot of 100 Proof Smirnoff Jalapeno Vodka drizzled over it & a Squeeze of Lime  For an appetizer I tried the Cockles and Craw Fish, with a roasted garlic butter sauce with kaffir lime.  I would have spent more than the $9.50 just to delight in the sauce again.  Truly a phenomenal and unique taste, though there was only a small amount of crawfish, and perhaps five cockles. Well, it is an appetizer, though i can guarantee that once you sample this savory sauce, you will want more.  Second Appetizer was the Kettle of green chile pork, with jack cheese and flour tortillas.  Also $9.50, and very delicious, this appetizer is not so overwhelming as to satisfy appetite, but is intense on the taste buds, as it is flavored with a habanero pepper.  The Restraurant offers two seperate menus.  TheSaloon menu is available at the bar only, and features less expensive foods from 8.50-12.00.  Stew, Steak, Quesadillas, and a "Big Ass Burger" are all found here.  I shared a "Big Ass Burger" with my beau, for $10.00, and we couldn't fit it into our mouth.   Though our waitress was slow, and we waited quite some time for our drinks, she was very amiable.  When I bit into a wedge of plastic while enjoying the appetizer, the manager came to personally apologize and to offer us complimentary dessert, as well as taking the Crawfish off the bill.  Though none of that was necessary, it is always a treat when a restaurant concerns itself in such a way with pleasing its customers.  As for the Restaurant menu, here is the complete menu and photos, taken from the roaring fork website:  Boneless Buttermilk-Fried CHICKEN with Pan Gravy & Mashed Potatoes AHI Seared with Smoked Salt, Chamomile Steamed Vegetables, Chipotle Vinaigrette PORK Rib Chop, Red Chile Sauce, Baked Squash with Apples SALMON Campfire-Style Ginger Vinaigrette, Soy Beans, Tomato DUCK Breast, Onion Jam, Sour Cherry Mustard, Little Cabbages HALIBUT Dusted with Dried Tomato...Soft Herbs, Sugar Snaps, Meyer Lemon Sauce LAMB Rib Loin, Corn Fritter, Green Beans with Toasted Hazelnuts Vanilla Lamb Glace & Green Jelly Almond-Crusted TROUT, VEAL Bacon, Asparagus & Horseradish Potatoes Tarragon Sauce BEEF Short Rib Braised in Dr. Pepper Barbecue Sauce, Chile Cheese Grits Grilled SHRIMP with Green Rice with HAM BEEF Tenderloin, Whiskey  Shellac, Green Chile Macaroni~new mexico tea lemon jalapeno lime garlic butter lime pork cheese tortillas habanero steak quesadillas burger burger fried chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Sy6Hfn7TPxBEnomNSyVJXw~Holy shit, $40 is a damn expensive buffet.  But... there are upsides!  1. Crab legs (I don't like crab legs but for those who do they are huge and cut open for you - so gorging yourself is easier) 2. Prime rib: uberly tender, best with the jus and horseradish on top 3. Center cut slab bacon, yes meat eaters rejoice!!! Get ready for salty goodness and a heart attack - hey at least you've lived! 4. Fish: tons of ceviche choices, sushi, baked fish, you name it, they've got it. 4. Cheese/ dried fruit/ italian meat selection - wow, they have got quite a spread: prosciutto, salami, mortadella, parmesan, gouda, dried figs, apricots - heaven. 5. Bottomless iced tea, soda, coffee, hot tea, juice. 6. Rice porridge/ congee - not what you'd expect at this buffet but so tummy warming after a long night out! 7. Come on there's just too many good things here, and almost everything is executed well! 8. YOU CAN STAY A LONG TIME - I did (4+ hours), so eat to your heart's content, then take a 7+ hour nap from your food coma.~horseradish bacon ceviche sushi salami mortadella gouda tea coffee tea ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~k4EUcSyjFx6M1nm09f5LSQ~I thought I would be blown away and I was with the amazing view and beautiful decor! however, the food was nothing spectacular and our waitress was clueless!  We all got the tuna tartar, beef carppacio, salmon and ribs. Would I come back? Yes but this time JUST for drinks on the patio. There are too many other yummy restaurants around here to just settle!~tuna beef salmon ribs ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kPvFOi5pfGlb7YmU4eBTVQ~I'm not generally a fan of sweets, but I was on my way to work and thought I'd take some cupcakes for my co workers to boost staff morale.  I liked that I was able to pick only the flavours that I wanted. It's also nice that they have smaller size cupcakes because that way you can have two and try two different flavours.   I was very pleased with the icing to cupcake ratio. Icing is the only reason I eat cupcakes and this was some of the creamiest, dreamiest icing I've had. You could see the vanilla specks in some of them. The Coconut vanilla was my favourite. The cake was light and fluffy with no dryness.  I would buy these again when I want to be loved at work, or at home, or by anyone. Please be my friend, I'll buy you cupcakes...~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes coconut cake cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5DHc6Id6vIIJ9B1O-bMVXg~Big ass burger is no joke. Sometimes service is slowwwww.~burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~3XypKMEft3bYePJUMMLm9Q~I'm on the hated-it scale of the Honey Bear love fest.    We ordered the bbq ribs and a beef sandwich with cole slaw and cowbro beans on the side.  Thought the meal was on the below average scale for tastiness...the beef sandwich meat suffered from not being marinated, and it was bone dry...the bbq rib was more of the same...so this would have been a 2 star review...BUT what pushed it down to 1 star for me was that my ribs were "bloody"...No not pink, but actually bloody with the jelly-like texture of raw meat...great when I'm eating sushi, but not so much for bbq pork  I actually returned the bloody thing to the counter person who agreed that it was bloody and made me a new plate...unfortunately, it was a new plate of the same bloody ribs, I gave up and just trashed the bloody plate....so no, I won't be back for another try  If you're looking for tasty bbq sandwich...try TEXAZ for lunch...that's where I'd be the next time I have a craving~honey ribs beef sandwich beef sandwich ribs sushi bbq pork ~1 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~3JT5OfEnQW2bu1S88V3Dyw~I stopped by here earlier today with my father for lunch.  Not too long ago I had been here with a Yelp party and was lucky enough to taste some of their oysters and shrimp with the Oysters Rockefeller and shrimp both being delicious.  Since my dad likes a good fish, I decided that I would take him sometime for lunch.  We were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant and given the choice to sit inside or outside.  I chose inside even though it was pretty much the same as being outside.  You see, they have a garage door type device so that the restaurant opens onto the street.  With the perfect weather today, my dad and I both enjoyed our seats.  For lunch we decided to start off our meal with the lobster bisque fries.  It is exactly what you would expect from a name like that, a bunch of fries on a plate with a decent helping of lobster bisque dumped over them.  The bisque tasted awesome and I was pretty happy about the large chunks of lobster that were sitting on top of the fries.  While the fries tasted nicely too, I wasn't as big of a fan of how soggy some of them got.  Even so I enjoyed the inventiveness and taste of it.  For my entree I decided to have the shrimp po boy and chose the buffalo aioli to go with it while my dad went with the fried cod sandwich.  Both dishes came with a side of fries that looked like they were freshly cut. My sandwich was pretty good and I enjoyed the buffalo aioli but I think still think that it lacked something.  So while I liked it, I honestly can't say that I loved it.  My dad did say that he really enjoyed his sandwich as the fish was good. I should also note that our server was also very friendly to us and helped to make our experience nice.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  While nothing during today's lunch jumped out at me as amazing and today's lunch on its own would be 3 stars, I do know that there shrimp here is very good, so maybe I just ordered badly?  In any case, I do think that it is worth stopping by to give a try.~shrimp oysters rockefeller shrimp fries fries fries fries shrimp sandwich fries sandwich sandwich shrimp ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BAG39by8DqNj67g8fxcYjw~This is a Happy Hour review for this location. I have only eaten dinner at the downtown Austin location.  This is my Arizona friend's favorite happy hour spot. The few times he is up for a happy hour, we go here. The happy hour is confined to the bar area (saloon) and the patio. Be cautious of the wait for the indoor seating. The Roaring Fork happy hour is not a secret. Try the patio, you will usually have better luck getting a seat.  My friend only gets one thing: the Big Ass Burger, cooked medium rare. He loves it. The Longhorn cheddar, the bacon, and especially the poblano pepper. He is a little disappointed that over the years, the Big Ass Burger has gone from one pound of meat to two-thirds of a pound. However, this fact does not stop him from devouring the burger. Five stars for the burger.  We split the guac and chips. The guacamole is wonderful and I love the presentation. For me, this appetizer is totally worth $6.   I usually munch on the friend's fries and drink my mojitos, as there are not very many vegetarian options at Roaring Fork. The mojito is decent and the margarita is good too. I'll have to try the Huckleberry marg next time. (I hear it's great!)  All in all, a great happy hour location. Especially since it's 4-7 daily.~burger bacon poblano burger burger burger chips fries ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~A7x554yhQ1tmGxdAT7cD0A~Awesome place ... Amazing food. I recently moved to Pittsburgh and this was my first dining experience here - I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. I had the fried fish sandwich (added avocado) with fries. So good ... I could only eat half. I will definitely be back ... Helpfully soon!~fried fish sandwich avocado fries ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-l5DNg8fP2YhUOST_Pg6-w~have not been there in a long time...the guy taking the order was in some other world. the amount of pork or chicken on the sandwich has been reduced to almost half. the drinks are watered down. and the prices are up. Me thinks I wont be back there.~pork chicken sandwich ~1 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~r4SmPdkqIazIGPHXdPOG4Q~I know there is a lot of hype about these cupcakes and tend to be a lot of people's favourites, but to me personally I'm very indifferent about them. I like visit the PATH location as it is accessible underground. The place is always packed, so I recommend ordering online beforehand to bypass the line. However, it does require 48 hours advance ordering so be sure to order ahead of time.  I like to order to mini versions as I can't finish the regular sized ones, but I find that even that was a bit too much for me as the icing is VERY sweet. I'm glad they came out with a tiny size so I can try two flavours at once. I have a sweet tooth, but it's something that I don't have cravings for as the icing is a bit too much for me~cupcakes ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~p8PrrDWUdZWHxY_rrMxu2w~Good food, decent price and a southwestern atmosphere.   The food is decidedly better than the decor, but then again I've never been big on the southwestern look. Something about Antlers above my head while I'm trying to have a romantic night out with the lady just doesn't cut it for me.   I (like most everyone else) recommend the big ass burger. You can't go wrong with their side of mac and cheese either and I recommend giving it a go regardless of how much you fill yourself with all their other delicious entrees.~burger mac and cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dpCNqhOdfhxPT916a30I_w~First time at Graze.  The atmosphere is cute.  We sat outside and I ordered a Ginger snap which was really good.  We ordered their fries and it was really good.  I ordered a side of the mac and cheese with pork.  OMG, it was really good and rich with cheese.  I enjoyed it!  The service was kind of slow as they had a big table of 20.  Our waitress apologized for the long wait and also gave us a discount on our bill.  I will come back here again  when I am in town!~ginger fries mac and cheese ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~U1tSY-u2wdSVcPJGoQ1_7w~This is my favorite Hawaiian place. I love the selection of food and I love the food as well. The service is always quick and friendly and the restaurant is always clean. They have a large variety of dishes that are cooked just right and at very good prices.   My favorite dish here is the fried Scallops. It's something I don't see at a lot of Hawaiian food locations. Nice Panko breaded Scallops that are not overcooked. Writing about it makes me hungry.   The Fried Rice is really good too. They exercise a good amount of restraint when it comes to seasoning which makes for a nice Fried Rice. I decided to grab some Shrimp Fried Rice and I got a Shrimp in every scoop of Fried Rice which makes me smile.   The Oxtail Soup will put you to sleep faster than a Thanksgiving Turkey dinner. Salivate and snore lol.   I like the Chicken Katsu and the BBQ chicken as well. They are not boring pieces of chicken flavored cardboard like some of the other places, these are nice and flavorful.   Even the side dishes are good here. The Mac Salad goes good with anything. The Portion sizes for all the dishes are just right. There are regular sizes and small sizes so you can't go wrong.~fried rice fried rice shrimp fried rice shrimp fried rice soup chicken bbq chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~tnu3hEF_jDsibRA27Yeo-g~This place is nicely located at World on Yonge (yonge/steeles), with ample free parking above ground and underground. They are also available on uber eats, which delivers to your doorstep. We were greeted with friendly service, countertop was clean, only a few tables but there is public seating outside during the summer. In terms of pricing, their combos are very reasonable, $8.99 for a pizza cone combo (with fries & drink), $2 additonal to poutine the fries. Poutine was amazing at a large portion, pizza cone's crust was cruchy and delicious. Not too greasy and it was made  to order. Will definitely come again to try out their warm sandwiches. Open till 10pm on most days.~fries fries sandwiches ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tljs4DvJNKfCzCGgKyRYSw~Ambiance = 5 stars Food = 4.5 stars Service = 2.5 stars  The space is awesome - it feels like you are in New York or Chicago.  It is modern, yet very comfortable.  It has a modern farmhouse feel.  The food was really quite good.  My wife and I shared several dishes including the beet salad, mac and cheese with pulled pork, cheese curds, and the Graze burger.  For dessert, we split a piece of hickory nut pie - outstanding!  It was all very, very good.  I also enjoyed their beer selection.  The only downside was the service.  It was really SLOW.  We were there at 6:00p on a Tuesday - not exactly prime time.  We tried to be understanding as we were there on their 5th night of being open.  I hope they get the bugs worked out soon - we can't wait to go back!~beet salad mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F6H3S6JJrey7JQwbvDuyoQ~Quickly seated and great table service for coffee and refills. Loved the mini bacon waffles. Yum!~coffee bacon ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~vV8QbYMt1atp0NUylcC1Dg~Good call on the cutie sized cupcakes. They are smaller than a mini and the perfect size to indulge an afternoon sugar craving. Mhmmmm.~cupcakes ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JSmKvkvhxeY_4pbsAZ6X4g~The Happy Hour at Roaring Fork can't be beat.  If you have a chance to sit at the bar you can see Mike, aka Bar Ninja, make drinks super fast. They have drink specials and make a great gin martini with blue cheese olives for $5! We love the green chile pork, big a$$ burger, and the green chile mac and cheese. This place is packed for happy hour, so sometimes it is difficult to get a table, but if you are willing to hang out for a bit something will open up and it is definitely worth the wait! Also, sign up for the rewards card and you will get points that earn you discounts off your bill.~cheese pork burger mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~SCVnkIF78Abt1RKp-0CBjQ~I'm here with 10 people and we are each going to write a mini review! Ps everything is amazing!! - best service! Thank you Lisa!!!! - the baconnn mmmmm - everything is super fresh and the service is excellent - I must to come eat at the buffet wynn. Thanks god for America!!!!! - So I'm gluten free and I found sooo many options. I had the blue corn pancakes which were amazing. Unfortunately, Angela, the lady making the pancakes had a really bad attitude but thankfully the chocolate chips were sweet enough to change the bad taste in my mouth. Also the baby carrots were unreal, the chicken sausage was amazing and the iced coffee was delicious!! I also loved our waitress she was SO nice!!!  - Thank you for the amazing service Lisa. The omelette station was incredible! Along with the chicken sausage. For dessert I highly recommend the carrot cake and the sorbet.  - Wow first of all the fried chicken was amazing!! Highly recommend it. The shrimp is bomb but the cocktail sauce is aight. Do not get the orange juice it's really sweet and doesn't taste natural or fresh. Also stay away from the sushi you should go to a sushi restaurant if you want bomb bomb sushi not a buffet trust me. -fav part if breakfast was the yogurt parfait. Also, they had blue corn pancakes for those who are gluten intolerant. Ice cream looked really good just was too full to try!~corn pancakes pancakes chips chicken sausage coffee chicken sausage carrot cake fried chicken ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZwY7t5w4oX5xM0O9nqqKAg~Take-out diarrhea! We came here to try the Indian food because we had hear it was amazing. We ordered the butter chicken and rice. Worst choice ever. Why do all these cabbies eat here? This restaurant is located at the rear of the Toronto Reference Library and is the pit stop for most of the cab drivers there. That same night, I had a huge bowel movement the size of Texas and let's just say that this was the first and last time I'll ever eat here. Don't eat here please.~butter chicken ~1 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~q_3L_kXph7-gzprL63f7RA~BJ's is OK on occasion. My husband loves the mostly sauceless, tomato-strewn pan pizza. Me, not so much. However, the atmosphere seems fun (kind of loud, but that drowns out our usual loud talking). There are flatscreen TVs throughout the restaurant, in case a game or a major weather event (hurricane season) is on. The booth seating is comfy, and we see a lot of families, so it looks pretty kid-friendly as well.  I've tried various dishes here, such as sliders washed down with BJ's Hefeweizen. The sliders and thin fries were pretty darned yummy, and the 5 oz. taster-sized Hefeweizen was the perfect size (and price!) for a lightweight and/or someone who has to drive soon thereafter... I am not a beer connoisseur, so YMMV! On separate occasions, I've tried the Angel Hair Toscana dish, which was just OK and came with a side of garlic bread. I've had the French dip on a couple occasions, and that is highly recommended; I love a good au jus... The other night I tried the Field of Greens salad with candied pecans, feta, red peppers, and a balsamic vinaigrette; that was quite yummy. I coupled that with a taster-sized Berry Burst Cider, which is really sweet and hit the spot.  For dessert, the Cookies N' Cream Pizookie is quite good, so you might want to save room for that (be sure to share it with 1 or 2 more people ~ it s rich and should feed at least 2 The Apple version pales in comparison ~don't bother with that... Finally, I'm a caffeine fiend, so I was pleasantly surprised that their coffee does not taste like old socks.  I recommend BJ's for a casual night out. 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~xqG-KVolQayaY5w789EzZQ~Since I hadn't been to this Mexican chain before, I decided to give it a shot. My girlfriend and I decided to try lunch at Mad Mex since we both love Mexican food and are always open to trying new places. This one however, will not see us again most likely, unless we want to try some drinks. We started with chips and salsa, after seeing another table with the same. What we hadn't seen prior to ordering was the prepared state of the salsa. It looked more like tomato salad, as it had none of the juice of any of the ingredients. The flavor was good, but it was very dry; not what you anticipate when having salsa. From there, we both ordered burritos. The Mad Mex signature for her, and the wing burrito for myself. I had expected a decently sized burrito along with some sort of side, like rice or beans. Instead, I got a plate-sized rectangular burrito, with a questionable sauce topped on, and a small bit of lettuce and more of the salsa (really making it look like salsa salad now). To my surprise, the sides I was expecting were in the burrito. Rice and beans throughout, and, except for the meat (which I might add was added very sparingly), there was nothing else to my burrito. While filling, the burrito held a flavor which did not really kick in, despite asking for the hot wing sauce when ordered. After smothering it in hot sauce from the table, it was better, but only as good as a rice and bean burrito can really be. I have no problem with a vegetarian meal as such, but I would've liked to be told before ordering it. Overall, the food wasn't overpriced and the service was decent, but I also didn't get much of what I wanted either. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, and this place is truly great underneath it all. However, the chances of returning, especially with other great Mexican meals at Taco Bell and Plaza Azteca looming nearby, are very slim to none. Thanks for trying, but I'd rather not try it again, Mad Mex. Adios!~chips salsa salsa tomato salad salsa burritos burrito burrito burrito lettuce salsa salsa salad burrito burrito burrito burrito taco bell ~2 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~7DfYMyiT2hak0IIZxLiPYw~A cute cupcake store in the heart of the financial district.  If you are not sure what you want, the mini sized cupcakes are a great option.  I tried both the vanilla cupcake with strawberry icing and the chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing.  I must say the flavors were very good and the cupcakes were very moist.  Although, the "real" strawberry flavor was a little over powering, I would definitely return to try the other flavor combinations.  Beware, there is a lot of icing packing into these cupcakes; if you are not a true sweets fan this place may not be for you.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~sLCZYOnVq0koBBQ1tfo4rA~The only one that is worth try is the strawberry one and it's because the icing does taste like real strawberries. The rest are just standard cupcakes you can buy anywhere else. I've tried cupcakes in i don't remember how many places and all of them are the same thing: a sponge type and TONS of FAT ICING, not evenr eal fruit. Cupcakes are out of my list as a treat.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~hcTdDLxfhr4-Y-3Qi2AXJA~A regular size cup cake for $3.  I visited during my lunch break, as i was roaming the underground PATH's of the Toronto financial district. I stumbled upon a small little bakery with a pretty catchy name. It was around 2:00 in the afternoon, already pretty late to be considered lunch. Even at that time there was a bit of a line; so i'm assuming this place gets even more crazy around prime hours.   After a long line I finally ordered a vanilla cupcake with vanilla icing. To be honest it was kind of disappointing, and the reason for this was the high expectations i had after such a long wait.  Kinda like watching the new Green Lantern movie. All the hype but no real bite to back it up lol.  The icing on it was pretty nice, but the cake itself was nothing special.  Also, i realized that alot of their stuff gets sold out pretty quickly so i suggest going a bit earlier if you are picky about your cup cake flavor.  Overall 3 stars Will i visit again?? Maybe if the huge sugar craving hits at the right moment and im in the area again~cake cake cake ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~ZA_iq3DBbpIoG9hLrEw_HA~What an experience! We love great food, we love amazing locations and experiences; this checked all the boxes 600%! Food was amazing: bison carpaccio and pork chops for me, grapefruit salad and salmon for my wife. Both entrees recommended by our our waiter Greg, and both fantastic recommendations! This was an amazing experience; great table, great food and great service (Greg). We will be back!!~pork grapefruit salad salmon ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~pQDv0Y8h-TqATd-J-qFFnA~This is a great soup, salad & sandwich place! They have a rather large venue and they do a good job of keeping majority of the tables clean. The employees were very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.  They have free garlic toasts & bread next to the salad bar. Free soft-serve ice cream!  Chicken Pot Pie soup is yummy. Looking forward to going back to try the Tomato Basil & Broccoli Cheddar.  My sandwich was nice and fresh. It could've used more mustard, because only some bites had it.  I also ordered a wrap, but in panini bread. They forgot to put it in the panini bread and served me a wrap. Not a big deal. Harmless mistake.  Good portion size. A half sandwich & soup fills you up.  Got a free cookie for filling out a quick survey on my phone.~soup salad sandwich garlic salad ice cream chicken pie soup tomato broccoli sandwich sandwich soup ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~c_Sy3AAzuTU15CEXy01xHA~Oh Graze, how you disappointed me. As a foodie traveling with other foodies, we scoped out the Madison food scene prior to our work trip and pegged Graze as THE place we had to try. Glowing reviews, amazing location, an intriguing-looking menu...what could go wrong?!  Our party of 4 arrived around 6pm and the place was packed. We were given a 1-1.5 hour wait time. This place is tiny so waiting at the bar was not an option unless we wanted to stand over tables and hover on top of people trying to eat. We were given a pager so we went across the street to a dive bar called The Tipsy Cow (tip: go there instead! Great spot!) to wait. After an hour, we were paged so we returned.  The space here can generously be described as cramped. We squeezed into our small table and were consistently bumped repeatedly throughout the meal by servers passing through. The volume is loud here so expect to shout a bit while conversing. That being said, you cannot top the view: floor to ceiling glass windows overlooking the capitol building. Truly lovely and the best part of Graze for sure.  We started with a few small plates: cheese curds (of course), pork buns, truffle popcorn and soft pretzels. So, part of our quest was to try cheese curds everywhere we went on this trip and Graze is no exception. Where did they rank? Dead last. Our party unanimously agreed these curds were pretty nasty-- vodka batter served with house ranch and the flavors were horrific. We didn't finish the basket. First time!  The pork buns were paltry, basic and bland. I've had much better at a much cheaper price elsewhere. Not worth ordering as they are forgettable.  The truffle popcorn was a big miss. The basket remained full when the waitress took it away. We all took a single bite and found it to just be a misfire, plain and simple. While we appreciate the concept, the execution fails-- it's weird tasting ultimately and this feedback is coming from west coasters who hail from the land of putting "nutritional yeast" on popcorn at the movies voluntarily. We all felt its potential but it did not deliver. Do not order this.  The pretzels were very good. However, they are a very small portion so a party of 4 would need to order 2 of these. The pretzels were our group's favorite bite at Graze.  As for entrees, I ordered a fried chicken and waffles plate. I had big expectations, I cannot lie. Where I live in Oregon, we have a waffle food truck that makes this exact meal for $6 and it's out of this world, so going to a "gourmet" place to try their version smelled like nirvana. Sadly, 'twas not to be. First, the portions were RIDICULOUSLY HUGE. It was offensively big, honestly. WTF. Who needs that much food?! I wish I had taken a picture. I felt embarrassed having it front of me because I felt like a huge pig. So, despite the insane size, the chicken itself was black on the outside. Black. Beyond charred. Burned black. Ok, so it's going to be a carbon experience. Got it. Still, I plowed onward and cut into that black bird and found-- surprise!! Bone dry chicken! What a shock when it's burned black to have it be inedible and dry.  The waffle was subpar. Too big, too soggy, zero flavor. It came with syrup which I attempted to douse the food with in an attempt to get some sort of flavor-- maybe the syrup was the secret ingredient that pulled it together and made it come alive? Nope. I took 2 bites and couldn't eat another. My group all tried it and they agreed with me that it was just bad food, period.  One person with me ordered the pub burger, served on an english muffin of all things. He found it to be very average, questioned the $11 price tag and missed a decent bun. English muffin, while it's obvious they are trying to be trendy and different, ultimately reads kind of cheap, sorry.  Finally, one person got the trout and was very pleased, so that was a success at least. Drinks and service were also top-notch.  After our huge expectations and our disastrous results, we bailed on dessert-- we lost interest and we all agreed we wished we had stayed at The Tipsy Cow and gotten a bar burger instead. Overall, our experience with Graze was sadly disappointing and a huge letdown after we went in with such high expectations and excitement. None of us would return.~cheese pork popcorn cheese pork popcorn popcorn fried chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~YgyQgwEWQjLCTeAJIaTtnQ~Service is great, good wine selection and great happy hour in the bar. Make sure you get the green chile pork and a Big Ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~npYq2APAAI2KutRKlVE3YA~There is a lot of hype about Prairie Girl and it even comes up on lists that include it as some of the best cupcake places in Toronto.  When we were visiting Toronto we figured we would swing by and try this place for an after lunch treat.     We ordered the weekly special mini-cupcakes which were "Chocolate Monkey" and "Lemon Coconut". (2 of each).   We were disappointed that the cupcakes were not moist and actually on the dry side.  It was almost as they were not fresh.    The lemon in the lemon coconut in the centre was good. The frosting was a nice butter cream with toasted coconut.  The cupcake body was not fresh.   In terms of the chocolate, it was a cute mini with a candy banana slice on top.   The butter cream had a slight banana flavour, but the chocolate cupcake was again, dry and pretty much all that was tasted was the flavour of chocolate.    Overall, it was not what we were expecting, but we would give them another chance when we are in the area.~cupcakes lemon coconut cupcakes lemon lemon coconut butter coconut banana butter banana ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~C58v-o_K0vlFGcyLTSnR5w~Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Happy Hour, but the happy hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or better yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it right now my mouth is watering. It gets pretty busy during the happy hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QCNlc_7uzqlHU1pK99PIMQ~Great location and ambiance.   The food is more in the OK area.  Green chilli pork was really good but the tortilla soup and bad ass burger just OK.  The place seem to be always packed so be patient.  A little price for what you get but a good place to have a couple of drinks, ok food and a good conversation.  Cheers~pork soup burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AfO9b1xOnqupU_18z_-BeA~Happy hours here are the best. Always busy but always attentive service. Their burger is massive and very fresh, while only being 10 bucks. Fish tacos and chicken flatbread are also superb. Drinks are great as well, even as a 'bourbon and beer sort of guy', I still enjoyed the huckleberry margarita. Certainly a great spot, just be sure to get there early for happy hour as seating can be a challenge.~burger tacos chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~5bY-DIl9a5wfHZWwlEWqcQ~I had pretty high expectations for honey bears and they definitely followed through! YUMMY! We got the chicken and ribs combo and you really don't need teeth to eat it!..... totally melt off the bone, tender, yummy goodness.    Usually my friend and I talk each others ears off when we are out and tend to ignore food/drinks... I am pretty sure we were completely silent devouring our food until we were licking our fingers clean!   They do have specials each day of the week. Tuesday was 2-4-1 beers :)  This is a no frills kind of place. Just order, wait for it at the counter, grab a seat and enjoy.  Its kind of great though... you know exactly what you're getting... no need for 'atmosphere' or attentive customer service because the food speaks for itself.    My only gripe was that they don't have cornbread, which is disappointing at a BBQ place. Instead dinner comes with disappointing white bread rolls.  I wouldn't call the location particularly sketchy.  There is a big parking lot and its right on Central Ave near lots of nicer places too.~honey chicken ribs white ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~r5ZnukBxfAge9g7SanC_3Q~Vegetarians Beware!   Went to Graze for dinner and came home hungry because I'd rather not cobble a meal together out of sides.  My husband got the mac and cheese, because he is apparently 11 years old... or because it is the only vegetarian meal option.  It's certainly sized for an 11 year old.  I had a mixed vegetable salad that was approximately four little carrots and a fried hash brown drizzled in oil.  It was infuriating that this paltry excuse for a salad cost more than a companion's beefy burger and fries!  And as far as the ambiance goes: Graze feels nothing like New York or Chicago, as one reviewer wrote.  But then again, I suppose it does have the "je ne sais quoi" of the Au Bon Pains at LaGuardia or O'Hare.  It features the same deafening, echoey acoustics, high prices, and food court seating... but at least they have decent vegetarian options.~mac and cheese ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F1V4GACfhaJ3dRw_VQRQGA~Had the lunch buffet. It was just OK. There were a few items that were good but most things were very ordinary and basic. Service was poor and the coffee was horrible.~coffee ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~8UR6TxFNEFBPh1qZk0x_iQ~So Jillian and I are reviewing it's amazing restaurant right on the strip district in Pittsburgh - Luke Wholeys Wild Alaskan Grill.  We talked it over and decided this was one of the best meals we've had stateside - outstanding!!   We started off sharing a sushi roll with my sister from another mister, Kristen Hancock, her husband Luke and their little boy Wyatt - a roll they call the Kitchen Sink.  Yellowtail, spicy tuna, salmon and tuna - and it was fantastic!!    After that we all went into our zones and that's when amazing went into overdrive!   Jillian had the ahi tuna, seared and topped with two kinds of tobego - one infused with lemon reduction that had her inhaling it. SHE LOVED IT!!!!!  KRISTEN did the soft shell crab sandwich and Luke the shrimp Po-boy and everyone had smiles around the table a mile wide.    Im looking around checking out what the other tables were having - and the waiter made the decision easier for me:  I first decided to go with their Bloody Mary topped with spicy shrimp and maple bacon. It was so amazing I can barely type the rest of this review as my knees got totally week.  All of the olives, pickles and have of the maple bacon went to my co-reviewer -).   After that I moved right onto the lobster bisque that was truly one of the best I ever had. Chunks of lobster crme frache perfectly mixed together into a fantastic warm soup on a beautiful spring afternoon.  But I wasn't done there.  Oh no, because on their menu they offer something called the steel city lobster roll - which is essentially an amazing lobster roll topped with their incredible lobster bisque as a bit of a gravy. So good, so good, so good!!!  The service was fantastic, they even took care of my pups with water under the table and we all had a spectacular spectacular lunch!  Id fly back to Pittsburgh food just to eat their food.  We really enjoyed spending time with Luke himself the owner who returns out at one time lived on 89th and fifth - just a few blocks away from me in NYC  Bravo!!!~sushi tuna salmon tuna tuna lemon sandwich shrimp shrimp bacon pickles bacon soup lobster roll lobster roll ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dXxA9259q6YSje58lxZtzg~Love this place!! They're a farm to table type of restaurant, sourcing their food from local places. The have the BEST cheese curds in the state of Wisconsin hands down. I've lived here my whole life and they are by far the best. Their Mac and cheese is phenomenal as well. I also enjoy the pickle board and salads. The staff is always friendly, so that's bonus as well!~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JYSNKvg0vyAK5DMS4mZyXQ~For breakfast, this buffet is a bit over-priced ($18.95) and not really that good. Runny scrambled eggs, a long omelet line, all types of non-breakfast items for those who can't distinguish between day and night, plus really weak coffee. I tried the Cafe in the Wynn and was much happier.  I'm afraid the House gets the best of you with this "sucker breakfast"~coffee ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~pK-ZZAiiLkOw6aD_Ix69-A~I had the salmon beet salad and the salmon was fresh and delicious.  I didn't partake in the Bloody Mary, (except for a taste of the bacon) but it was the most well presented bloody mary I have ever seen, and the candied bacon garnish was delicious. Our server was friendly. I'd definitely come back here.~salmon beet salad salmon bacon bacon ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~1EYqQ_4_DLARq131invxWA~Love this restaurant!  Western/Contemporary/Casual-with-FLAIR!  Their signature green chile mac 'n cheese is a do-not-miss when you eat here and the Big A*s burger is worth the extra miles on the treadmill! Only drawback:  No Live Music (hint-hint RF mngmt.......................)~cheese burger ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~BDkPL1zIbXjgXlwQkdYjPg~This place is awesome. You get your money's worth of food and it's fast and delicious. Best butter chicken in  downtown core in my book.~butter chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~pqpt1X7bV_vRhwkia3A05g~Giving it 4 stars now since the price tag on a Monday is $20.99 ($7 extra for bottomless Bloody Marys or Mimosas) and the food items were very appealing.  Table service was fair.   Brunch menu was very good. Had my fair share of seafood. Mmm, snapper, sea bass, mahi mahi . . . yay!  I ate so much, I came home sick. Literally. Note to self: do not mix waffles with sea bass. And pecan bars. Or coffee ice cream. Ew and ugh.  RECOMMEND if the price point is around $20.~coffee ice cream ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~WkZIdMbxNHDfWqPhXjz_TA~Service could be a lot more better , couldn't tell who worked there or not since it looked like they just pulled in people off the street and asked them to work that day , well that's the feel i got when I glanced back into the kitchen . My boyfriend and I got 2 #1 which was a sandwich with one side and a drink , I got pork he got chicken , both were a bit dry until you added that sauce which was DELISH , as I walked up to the counter to grab our order to go , I noticed all the guys had gathered up front to , you guessed it , check me out right In front of my boyfriend. Other than that , our food was alright , nothing really stood out or caught my attention besides the BBQ sauce .~sandwich pork chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~AA8W4zzUma-HI3zQ02ljww~I know I am going to cause a major heart attack with all the Wynn lovers on here, but I came with very high expectations and left sorely disappointed!    We ate a bit early, around 5:30 on a Saturday evening.  There was no line and we were seated within 5 minutes. The price was $82 bucks with tax for 2 people.  I was expecting for this kind of money to get the best buffet food I've ever had in my life.  Unfortunately my expectations must have been too high.    First of all, service!  We waited about 20 minutes before our server showed up to get our drink order.  This is unacceptable, especially during a time like this when the place was pretty slow.  Then, she never came back after she dropped the drinks off.  Our empty plates stayed on the table quite a while before they were picked up.  Secondly, food quality.  This place had the worst quality food I've had in my life.  EVERYTHING we had sucked.  I'm sorry, but dumping a bunch of salt on some overcooked asparagus does not make it better!   The pork tenderloin was dry and had way too much fennel seed on it!  The pizza was greasy and leathery.    The sea bass was very boring, no flavor to it at all.  I had a couple of pastas, and they were all overcooked and lacking in flavor.  The mashed potatoes appear to be fake, but they were ok.  I had some wanton dumpling thing from the chinese area, and it tasted like a bad science project.   The rack of lamb tasted like ASS!  I was ready to leave after biting into it, but then I realized I still hadn't tried any desserts.  So, onto the good things... The fresh carved turkey was awesome!  The prime rib was delicious!  And the crab legs are gigantic, and easy to get lots of meat out of them so you don't have to work up an appetite trying to eat them.   That's about it... Turkey, crab legs, and prime rib.  If those 3 meats are your thing, you're gonna love this place, otherwise LOOK ELSEWHERE!  Desserts were all so-so.  They have fresh crepes made to order, but my local breakfast place that makes crepes does a much better job, so I didn't finish my crepe.  I had some coffee ice cream with oreo cookie on top.  The ice cream was all coffee bean and no cream!  ICK!   The carrot cake was pretty good.  Overall, this place has only a few things you will enjoy, the rest will make some starving country in Africa pissed off that you wasted your food!!  I would say you really should go elsewhere for a good buffet, the Rio's buffet is much better and a bit cheaper... But it's not my favorite either.  Maybe my food tastes are getting too discriminating, but for $37 bucks I think I'd rather go to a nice sit down restaurant on the strip rather then eat food for the masses!~asparagus pork fennel lamb desserts desserts coffee ice cream oreo ice cream coffee carrot cake ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ElN1GeD0PJiLnfekUDd1pQ~Fantastic happy hour! Our Big Ass Burger was exactly that...HUGE! And perfectly cooked. And really great French fries.   The huckleberry margarita was delicious.  We really enjoyed sitting out on the patio.   And our server, Sarah, was outstanding. Excellent service. Great attitude. She really made our dining experience special. Thank you, Sarah!~burger french fries ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tkhlYLhj9Jjk-ZNhAdnUew~"A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." At least, that's what I keep telling myself. Otherwise, why would I keep going to buffets when I don't care for them that much? Maybe it's more like "insanity is performing the same action over and over, but expecting a different result."  In any case, I've tried Wynn's buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The restaurant is pretty, and tables are spaced nicely apart. Service is friendly; coffee and drinks arrive promptly. There's a wide variety of food at all meals.  What I've tried has generally been decent. For breakfast, that included: a muffin; some sort of smoked fish; two Chinese dishes that I had never heard of before (one with beef, the other I forget); a type of link sausage. The omelet station looked good, there were a lot of fruit and pastries available, as well as Mexican dishes.  For lunch, I did a better job of taking notes. I had: *  Prime rib. This was not the traditional whole prime rib, cut into rare pieces by a carver. It was already carved slices of meat, apparently cooked after being sliced. That being said, it was a hit: slightly pink, with a little crispy fat, tender, flavorful. Rating: very good+. *  Jerk chicken. Truly spicy, and not overcooked. Very good. *  Kobe meatballs. Slightly spicy, good texture. Good to very good. *  Smoked sturgeon. Good. *  Tempura rock shrimp. Good to very good. *  Salmon and scallop ceviche. Ok flavor and texture, but nothing special. Good. *  Red snapper. Juicy, good flavor; not overcooked. Very good. *  Roll. Average. Desserts: *  Madelaine. Fair. *  Lemon curd tart. Good. Would have been very good, but the lemon flavor was not sour/intense enough. *  Creme brulee. Surprisingly, the sugar was properly caramelized and crackly. However, the cream was too soft. Good to very good. *  Chocolate mousse with brownie pieces and walnuts. The mousse was not too sweet, with a rich, dark chocolate flavor. The brownie chunks and walnuts were a good addition. Very good. *  Peanut butter cookie with candied peanuts. Good.  For dinner, I was too lazy to bother taking notes. There was a wide variety of foods; quality was on a par with lunch.  My conclusion? The Wynn buffet is pretty good. In fact, it's better than he other buffets I've tried. For all I know, it's the best, but it's still a buffet. The food is decent but not outstanding, so why bother?~coffee beef sausage pastries chicken meatballs tempura shrimp salmon ceviche desserts lemon lemon peanut butter ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UzjUpEzVhjAZdmx6FISruQ~My first official "Vegas" buffet was here at the Wynn. For $45 per person for dinner (coffee and soft drinks included), I believe the selection of food were really decent ( had three full plates of food that n ight). Whenever I go to buffet, I usually never get the carved ham or steak as I'm not really into those. I usually get a lot of fish and seafood like Salmon, Shrimp, and Crab Legs!! I tried basically a bit of everything and everything was really good. I really loved their thin crust Caprese pizza, it was really good and the cheese they use is absolutely orgasmically good!! I also got some artisanal cheese along with dried figs, grapes, and walnuts they had in their cheese station and they were really good too.   They have many creative dishes here as well. Lines tend to move quickly to enter the restaurant as well as on the buffet line. For some unknown reason, there was a line for Sushi and Crab leg stations. I'm not too big on buffet style Sushi so I skipped it and got in line for crab legs.   The atmosphere is very casual and fit for families with kids, although no kids are running around acting all boisterous here, so PLEASE bring your manners and classiness here. Desserts are nice, nothing out-of-this-world but satisfied our sugar craving after dinner with some coffee. Service was friendly and server made sure that we got our soft drink refills and consistently came back to check up on us. Not a bad place to try for a first-time Vegas buffet!! Next time will definitely be the Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's Palace!!~coffee steak salmon shrimp cheese cheese grapes cheese sushi sushi desserts coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TsVqlP4aGE2sRZwsryq4Vw~I've passed Roaring Fork multiple times on Scottsdale Road, wasn't until Yelp and the great reviews that we decided to give it a try and head over.  Perfect timing for us too because it was happy hour.  I had a guava mojito (litte sour and wish it had been shaken) but it was still good.  Then we had the green chile pork, tortilla soup, and split a burger.  The food was amazing. Loved the pork. Service was great, we had Ally, very friendly and attentive.  Will go back again and again!~guava pork soup burger pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~iKvrn4hSgPFeXpKyZvvX6Q~The chocolate ice cream & coffee ice cream are the best!!!  The rest of the food was just okay.  If I was a seafood lover, I'd probably be a lot more impressed, but I'm not.  We came here on a Friday around 2:30 for lunch because it's significantly cheaper than coming for dinner and on the weekend.  At about 3:30 they changed to dinner and the crab legs came out, which made a bunch of my friends happy.  Overall, it was okay, but not wonderful.  The ice cream was the highlight for me.  SO GOOD!~ice cream coffee ice cream ice cream ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Sk9TaTXrUEAGAU9z51nAeA~Graze is a diamond in a sea of cheesy, fried spongy roughness. With fresh everything, locally sourced, and well cooked, I couldn't have asked for more.   It is a snazzy place and expensive compared to the rest of Madison, yet very affordable for any other major city I've been in. There is often a wait, unless you are willing o sit at re bar. I ate here 4 times in just 13 non consecutive days, it was spectacular.   You MUST start with the Parmesan truffle popcorn - it is SO good. It seems like the rest of the menu is very seasonal, and changes often. I had a tomato stack in the summer, seasonal veggies in the early fall. Everything was cooked well and did not feel too heavy.   I was disappointed by the pretzel, especially compared to other local places, but the Mac and cheese I had more than made up for it. Even the beet burger was good! I am realizing I might like beers when well done.  Ask for the vegetarian menu if you don't want to be lead wrong. Desserts are not too sweet, so I liked them. The salted cookies and ice cream were great and fresh! I miss graze often and though I never want to move to Madison, I sure do like visiting because of Graze!~popcorn tomato mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~0T1bbYIPHQrx6ralv2FDLg~FAVORITE buffet in Vegas... and that's saying something!  The decor is one of my favorite parts - tons of orange and pink and yellow, ready to WAKE you up from your hangover. The area where the hostess stand is gives you a GORGEOUS view with tons of white backgrounds and light streaming down into the middle area; the majority of the seating, however, is either to the left or right in larger, more traditional dining room areas.   FYI, The line can be super long (and usually is if you're not early), but if you're richer than you are lazy there's a VIP "fast pass" where you can pay I think 18-20 bucks on top of your buffet fees and skip past the line to be seated immediately. I have been guilty of participating because we were determined to make it here before catching a flight, and it was worth it at 11 on a Saturday. Otherwise, be prepared to wait 45-60 minutes during prime time.  Their "Endless Pour" (either $16.99 or 18.99, can't remember off the top of my head) lasts 2 hours ( be aware, they literally write the minute on your receipt and cut you off hard, so pay attention) is awesome. One of the few places with a really good variety - mimosas, sangria, their "Blossom" drink (served with vodka or rum, always dangerous), and the waiters do a good job topping you off/making sure you don't run on empty. Coffee is also delicious (holy trinity on a vegas morning = water, coffee, mimosa).  The food is phenomenal - I definitely feel like I've had better seafood at other places, but for breakfast, Buffet can't be beat. Their mac 'n cheese is unique and yummy, their eggs benedict with salmon is on point, basically everything is amazing. Just when you think you've packed your tummy so full it's impossible to fit more in, BAM! Time to hit the gelato station, with tons of yummy flavors.  Overall, 5/5 for the quality food, good service, and beautiful decor/ambience. My favorite place to get my day started in Vegas.~white coffee coffee cheese eggs benedict salmon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~v01cHjxKLgjc_c1PVrYKGw~The restaurant was packed on a weekday evening which I took as a good sign.    We sat in the bar and got there just in time for the end of Happy Hour. The restaurant interior (very nice) reminds me of something you'd see in a ski town  (e.g. antler chandeliers).    I had the Tortilla soup and the Rotisserie Chicken Flatbread.     The broth for the soup is actually poured tableside into a bowl piled with chicken and tortilla strips.    The chicken is excellent and the broth was flavorful but it could have been hotter.    The flatbread was very large; I would not order it again.   The cheese had an odd texture as if it wasn't real cheese.  My husband had the Big Burger which he loved but could not finish.   Unfortunately we did not have room for dessert but I'll definitely try something next time.~soup chicken soup chicken chicken cheese cheese burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~VHXoPHbz0YNxqtN7OCQxHg~The ribs were delicious!!  Finally a place that the sauce was so good that I would buy a bottle.  The sides too me were nasty (potato salad and cow beans) .  I would buy ribs from here and go to Mrs.Whites for the sides to make the perfect meal.~ribs potato salad ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~Ufm2wGRncO3l_oyV9cnDuA~Third time I have been here in past 3 months.  Go to place for client visits with gorgeous views.  Service is excellent.  The food is great, wish the portions of fish were bigger.  I had Salmon Miso salad today and Ahi Tuna last month.  Both with lots of lettuce and little fish - for $22 please add more fish.~salmon miso salad tuna lettuce ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~6CCzJZ4CuUocfmU1KiMsAQ~We came here for an early lunch while checking out The Strip District. we started with the lobster bisque fries, which were very good. I had the Steel City lobster roll, which was delicious, and my husband had the seared tuna lunch entree. We both really enjoyed our meal. The service was great and attentive.~fries lobster roll tuna ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ae1yV7N2VKK37yFWM4Qf8Q~I loved this not sure why the bad reviews. Just stayed at the encore and had two buffet passes, went both times during brunch and the food was delish! Took a little while to get drinks but they bring you a whole thing of coffee for your table and any think you want minus alcohol. I went to Bellagio and this blew their buffet out of the water. Don't be discouraged by the past bad reviews just check it out for yourself. The fruit, french toast, pizza and sushi all tasted great. The only thing I'd say is the dessert were kind of dry and the OJ was way too pulpy. Tip if recommend is get a line pass and book your stay where it includes the passes so it's free !!!~coffee french toast sushi ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~nhBdp8TTIEhLQHbQH_We8w~After taking several bites from the potato salad, I had a feeling that my stomach was just gonna burst. It was terrible! They didn't even have chicken available when we ate there. Definitely do not recommend.~potato salad ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gvo0c92l2rtxemgGO4OsZg~Seriously people...I walked out of here in a food coma! DELICIOUS!!! Try their truffle popcorn and cheese board.~popcorn cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VR6vaAFFI1O1i6OuT2FxUw~This is a fancy fine dining restaurant with a casual feel. The food is definitely under priced. For most of the summer, drinks are cheap and food is half off for the all day happy hour to entice the locals. During the winter, you can't get into this place. It is packed, so reservation is recommend. The food is described as American Southwest. The best three choices to have for the first visit. Is the Famous "BIG_ASS" Burger, Green Chile Pork Stew, & Lamb Fondue. These choices will hit the spot and hit the wallet for 10 bucks with tip a person.~burger pork lamb ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~p5ZdP4-HNmSIPUtWMog1fw~I have never paid so much money for such bad food. Corn was watery. Steak was tough, thin, and generally gross.~corn steak ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~xK2OLeZltGSzX0chJl6lGw~I went here with my boyfriend last night.  We opted for the happy hour on the patio.  I really liked that the happy hour runs all night long.  And they got great prices! $5 glasses of wine and cocktails.  My boyfriend got the big burger for only $10 he said it was good but he likes other burgers from other places better. I Got the fish tacos, the fish was really tasty, but the tortillas were cold.that's the reason why I gave it a 4 star instead of 5. I got to say I loved our server; she was very nice and attentive.~burger burgers tacos tortillas ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~yPn0lY14zvJaPOMy30R0oA~Been wanting to try Honey Bear's for a while, was planning to go visit Town Talk ll. But since I start work at 5:00am, and take lunch around 10:00 - 10:30. Town Talk doesn't open until 11:00, and Honey Bear's opens at 10:00! Honey Bear's sits right next to another of my favorites(Best of Philly).  When you walk in, there's a counter right in front of you. Menu is a little confusing, but just tell them what you want. Even though it was lunch, I had a half slab of pork ribs with potato salad. Their ribs are probably my second or third favorite ribs I have eaten. Ribs have a lot of meat, very good smoke taste, not the tenderest ribs I have had but nothing wrong with it. Potato salad was very good also, little different from what I am use to.  Price wise is about what is expected for ribs. Half slab of ribs(meaty), potato salad, order of fries, plus a drink. for about $20.00 Very happy with my meal, will diffidently come back.~honey honey honey pork ribs potato salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~psx9fKq5Jxolq-AOMCk38Q~The only bad thing about Roaring Fork is trying to find it and parking your car in a office building parking lot. Once you get inside everything is great, even if you end up sitting on the patio. I've taken a date there, gone to happy hour with the guys, and even treated the parents to a good steak. Green chile appetizer is unique and the Big Ass Burger is phenomenal. Beer and wine selection is fantastic, only draw back is I'm always too full for dessert.   TIP: Go on Monday's for all day happy hour!~date steak burger ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~xULneQYF5obMlzGf4Cc8RQ~Personally, I enjoy Prarie Girl cupcakes.   I'm slightly biased because I love cheese and I can actually taste it in their  cream cheese icing. I don't really like their other options since they all just taste like sugar. That's the main issue with their cupcakes, actually; they're all too sweet.   It's also unfortunate when the cake can't hold up the weight of the icing which WILL flop/shift off the cupcake in a short period of time that involve natural body movements.  The overall atmosphere is nice and well thought-out. Their cupcakes are physically appealing and taste (generally) really good - especially with coffee. Unfortunately, they are pricey cupcakes.~cupcakes cheese cream cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~R0VPrBSbTWZG0-IdeYJAjw~Beautiful setting with good buffet food but the wait and host/hostess staff were bad.  When they were seating us they sat our party & 2 others at the same time & I overheard the first party say there were 10 of them & the hostess said "well I don't know nothin' about no party for 10, this is for 2, you guests be gettin' on my nerves today," and some other rant and rave-nothing that was very pleasant or hostess like. Then we sat there for several minutes waiting for someone to take our drink order & when I saw the waiter serving the table next to us I asked if we could have coffee & juice, and after we got it we NEVER saw him again.  Won't go back.~coffee ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~c9quZl_o9elRzykTH0sqKQ~We waited about 10 minutes for the VIP brunch (which is the typical brunch plus one cocktail). Its about $49 and change when tax is added in. We avoided a really long line so it was nice to get in quickly. If you indulge in this brunch buffet package, don't get the blood mary. The bloody mary at Wynn was about as confusing and unsatisfying as drinking hot tea in a swimming pool mid-August. Being southern, my expectations might be high, but since the bloody mary is one of the classic "hangover cocktails", I figured Wynn could get it slightly right. It's basically thin, sour tomato juice with vodka--no pepper, no spices. My friends ordered mimosas which they said were good, so order that instead! The coffee was actually pretty good though.   Definitely try the prime rib with some creamy horseradish on the side. It's pink, tender, juicy--the horseradish adds some light zing. Great combo! I went back for seconds on that. The green beans were crunchy, lightly seasoned and buttery. Whatever you do, grab a cup of the fresh grapefruit with brown sugar and fresh mint chiffonade...excellent! I'm going to make that at home from now on!   The dessert counter is very pretty---each dessert portion is a small work of art. As for flavor? Not so much. However, the coconut sorbet is a winner (for people who love coconut like I do). If I go back I'll definitely sample each of the various sorbet flavors instead of the other desserts.   The shrimp cocktail was fresh but average. Nothing else other than the grapefruit, sorbet and prime rib blew me away. The dining area is average, but the entryway (decorated in bright blue hydrangeas) is gorgeous---as is the casino. Wynn is definitely a place to walk through atleast once if you don't stay, gamble and/or eat there.~tea tomato coffee horseradish horseradish green beans grapefruit brown coconut coconut desserts shrimp grapefruit ~3 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~li8G9R8WRTV9bUziWyFaLg~I am here a minimum of once a week, best chicken noodle soup ever.Great sandwiches and salads, salad bar rocks, and the complimentary yogurt / ice cream is a nice touch.Lunch crowd can be huge but take that as a good sign,  I always do.~chicken soup sandwiches salads salad ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~KljbB2cWM42AxIZRJzckIw~The Gist:  Layout is exactly like The Buffet at Bellagio.  Food is better!  Get  in line before 12PM on a Sunday.  Came here on recommendation.  We were disappointed with Bellagio so we weren't sure what to expect when we arrived at The Buffet at The Wynn considering the layout is exactly the same.  However,  I feel the quality of preparation is a lot better than the Bellagio.      I recommend to get in line before 12 PM on a Sunday.  We got there around 11 AM and there was already a line.  By 12 the line had extended into the main corridor.   Your're bound to find something you like here.  But remember to save room for dessert, especially the little strawberry cupcakes and coffee gelato.~cupcakes coffee ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~LAI_wkzLgWDo1sHvcQ5i9w~Ohhhhhhh gosh. I hate to do this. I really do. I was so disappointed in this buffet. I mean. When you think of the Wynn, you think of superlative decadent food in an oppulent setting. I mean, that was the expectation. So my boyfriend is playing a tournament there and I get in line for the lunch buffet. It took an hr. So I was so excited for delicious food. The cheese board had vermont white cheddar and a gouda and one other that was not memorable. They had turkey on the cutting board. They didn't have oysters. The mussels didn't even looking appetizing. I make mussels all the time at home. They could have come up with something way better. The dessert section was small with tons of faux gelato. Gelato is supposed to be dense and chewy. This was ice cream. Also the lemon curd torte had a coolwhip type topping on it. The mozzarella ball things weren't good. The best thing I had was the iced tea. I have a better buffet at Treasure island and Mandalay Bay. It's even better at Thunder Valley. So bummed. Step it up Wynn.~cheese white gouda ice cream lemon mozzarella tea ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~KLRE5G_4HHtQU7p_YV6nLA~I love everything about this restaurant.  The owners got it all right, from atmosphere, seasonal punch, appetizers, breakfast pastries, off hours menu, and dessert; I couldn't have come up with a better concept.    Ok, let me tell you about my favorites!  Breakfast - chocolate crissont  Lunch- Ramen Noodle Bowl Appetizer - pickle plate, cheese boards, pork buns, soft pretzel, deviled eggs, oh and the popcorn will truffle oil!!!! Cocktail - Any seasonal punch, I have tried a cherry brandy, hard cider, and stone fruit Dinner- Chicken and Waffle or Friday fish Fry Dessert- any pie-these are the same ones they serve a L'Etolle and they are amazing, but I hate to down play the fresh chocolate chip cookies, cupcakes, or icy with seasonal syrups (I had rhubarb)  Everything is made with exceptional thought and detail.  They pride themselves on local and sustainable.  If you want L'Etoile quality, but lower prices and very relaxed atmosphere, you need to try out Graze.~appetizers pastries ramen cheese pork popcorn cherry chicken waffle pie chocolate chip cookies ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~ossBYJzx08dBFdiToL7gGQ~This particular location tends to draw in more families with children than the other locations, so it can get noisy and the acoustics are pretty bad - lots of hard surfaces.  A friend had a wedding reception at this location and the service was great and very accommodating.  This may have been because they were guaranteed a big, BIG tip, but either way I was pleased.  If you're a hardcore fan of authentic Mexican food, this is probably not the place for you.  The enchiladas remind me more of chilaquiles - definitely more layered than rolled.  The burritos are huge but it really drives me crazy how segmented they are.  One bite will be all rice, the next will be all meat.  The tofu tacos are okay, but the bean sprouts seem like a weird addition.  I know, you're probably thinking "What DOES this girl like about Mad Mex?"  If you can let go of any previous Mexican food experiences (or if you've never had Mexican food before, as I hadn't when I first went to Mad Mex), some things are ok.  The tofu tacos minus the bean sprouts.  The California grilled salad.  The chickpea chili and black bean soup, the potato taquitos.  Nachos, chips & salsa, and guacamole are all decent.  Their sides are ridiculously huge and the desserts are all ok (except the sopapillas).  Basically, stick to the least authentic stuff and you should be fine.  Additionally, some of their entrees are available with your choice of either chicken, steak, shrimp, portobello mushrooms or tofu.  They have tons of vegetarian options.  They have good happy hour deals and good late night margarita deals.  They have raspberry, strawberry, mango, and kiwi margaritas year round, with one or two seasonal flavors per month, plus a full bar, a bunch of tequilas and a huge, varied beer list that tends to focus on local beers.  So basically: the less you know about Mexican food, the less disappointed you will be.  If you're a fan of authentic Mexican food, either stick to something more basic like a salad, or pick a different restaurant.~chilaquiles burritos tofu tacos bean sprouts tofu tacos bean sprouts salad soup potato taquitos nachos chips salsa desserts chicken steak shrimp mushrooms tofu mango salad ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kykTkZcLlXTSeQUMsdkZlQ~Cupcakes - they're just smaller (expensive) cakes, aren't they ?  A pal and I went to Prairie Girl Bakery at about 1:30 on a weekday. There was no line and we were served right away.   PGB make a variety cupcakes, from your classic buttermilk cupcake with chocolate frosting to a banana peanut butter one. I ordered 2 mini cupcakes and it cost me about $4.   Golden Buttermilk Cupcake w Strawberry Frosting : not bad, not too sweet, moist, way too much frosting  Rebecca's Red Velvet Cupcake: a little dry, bland taste, way too much frosting  If I could a Venn Diagram, both cupcakes had way too much frosting.   It was a nice treat that was reasonable in price; however, no 'wow' factor.  I'm a-ok with not knowing when I'll have a PGB cupcake again.  A three star here.~cupcakes cupcakes banana peanut butter ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~KWUVTVz8Z5HWVYzwRQFVJA~New Years Eve, three course meal with wine pairing.   First time here, check in was a little long and delayed for some reason with an awkward silence but I'm not even gonna deduct anything for that because we had a great time at Graze.   We started out with some rice popcorn and truffle oil. Omg. Addicting. A little Parmesan dust on it. My first drink was a nice citrus with gin. Very good. Can't remember the name of it.   Appetizers were a Scottish egg perfectly cooked. Second time ever having one and this one out did the last one I had by far. My wife had the foie gras with short ribs. Very very good. My second drink was a Pinot wine. Excellent pairing.   Onto dinner, two different meals. My wife's lobster style poutine with gnochi was very cheesy and heavy. Almost a little too greasy and heavy. Tasted good but maybe would of chosen something different if we would of known how greasy it was going to be. Had us at lobster. I had a GREAT pork loin with lentils. First time having lentils. Delicious cherry sauce that complimented the pork perfectly. Wasn't familiar with my third glass of wine but went well with the pork.  NOW...the show stopper of the night. The cheesecake with rhubarb and chocolate cake were to die for. Absolutely, hands down thee best deserts I think we've ever had. My port wine was delicious as well but I can't rave enough about these desserts. Amazing.   Great service and a top notch place. We definitely went to come back and sample the rest of the menu.~popcorn appetizers egg ribs pork lentils lentils cherry pork pork rhubarb chocolate cake ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~yt1qv-sJT35COhBe626h3Q~I passed here many times, but never really gave it a chance until Saturday, July 5 after exiting the car adjacent car wash where my friend was getting his car washed. Entered the place and I was greeted by the cashier who made me feel right at home. Great selection of traditional Pakistani/Indian plates at your disposition, I ordered two Butter Chicken specials to go and was extremely pleased with the serving size, price, and taste.  Regardless of all the negative reviews on here (they're more like whiners than diners), I will definitely will be coming here more to try out more selections in the near future.~butter chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~azy1cujez3yeNnv45I-N7Q~Went here for breakfast and was glad they had salmon breakfast options since I don't like just getting any kind of breakfast all the time. They have refillable fresh squeezed orange juice and give you a pot of coffee if you ask. Got here a little before lunch so I was able to have best of both worlds. Loved the fresh sushi and poke on a bed of seaweed salad. Favorite dessert item is the tapioca with passion fruit. Interior reminds me of Bellagio which is really nice like a garden from a dream.~salmon coffee sushi salad passion fruit ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3Y_b8QojBGvOFAM1wVpGsg~The appetizers were very good (cheese curds, bread basket), however disappointment came with the main course. $20 burger was dry and disappointing, and the Mac and cheese was way to creamy to enjoy, which was a pity because it had a decent aged taste.~appetizers cheese burger mac and cheese ~1 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~ld5jU0erkpW7WtOjQpPYHQ~When I purchased dinner as a silent auction item, I knew it would be amazing, but I didn't know what would truly be included in the "Dinner for Two".  On our early arrival, we went to the Jade bar to wait for our reservation. See review for that spot soon. Once it was time for our reservation, we were taken outside with a heater and the sunset began. Our server was amazing!!! We handed him our silent auction item and he gladly proclaimed, "everything is on us tonight, including gratuity, so you just have to take care of your drinks and we will be on our way!". We were literally blown away -he told us we could order anything off the menu and as much as we wanted.  We didn't want to be too greedy, so we figured we would stick with the app, meal, dessert mentality. What we didn't realize were how HUGE the portions are and how much food that ended up being!   App: we started with the calamari and the escargot pot pie. Both delicious. The calamari was a more traditional preparation of what I was used to...no no no, no marinara sauce here people, I mean sweet and spicy and lightly dressed and battered so you got the tenderness and not the overpowering bread and sauce. Escargot pot pie you ask? Amazing. Light cream sauce in a homemade fluffy puff pastry top-not chewy in the least.  Next, we had soup and salad. The soup was a potato soup with scallops and the salad was a light and refreshing daikon and apple with a light black pepper dressing topped with nuts and pomegranate seeds. I loved the salad and hubby loved the soup. I liked the base of the soup but the scallops tasted fishy to me.  For dinner, hubby had the market special of black bass (I think) with rice and veggies and I had the Korean braised short ribs with kimchi fried rice and veggies. A-MAZ-ING. We were so full at this point that I was lucky enough to have leftovers which were even better the next day.   We had a few glasses of wine and the server even brought out an extra drink that was made, an in house pear infused vodka drink! YUM. We will definitely be going back here for special occasions with friends and have already been back to the Jade bar just to enjoy being close to the kitchen and vibes.~pie pie soup salad soup potato soup salad apple pomegranate salad soup soup ribs fried rice pear ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FP99OqFbEzXmslGR616y1g~Clearly I'm the odd man out on this one, but unfortunately I wasn't totally wow'd by this place.  I wanted to be, but I just wasn't.    Truthfully, I'm not sure I would ever be wow'd by a buffet.  Don't get me wrong, a lot of the food I tried was good, but nothing was a total standout.  Well, except for the bread pudding.  It may have been the best thing I tried.    The wait looked long, but it only took us about 30 minutes to get through at noon on a Sunday.  Price was reasonable at $34/pp for the no champagne option.  The service was pretty good - plates were cleared away promptly and our drinks were refilled w/o having to ask.    The fare was typical of other buffets and the only things that were truly memorable were the spicy beef with long beans, coffee ice cream and (again) the bread pudding.  Everything else was just ..... good, normal, decent, but certainly not special.    Would I go here again?  I really don't think so.  I'd rather try some of the other buffets out there.~beef coffee ice cream ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~D29rr2ek_kpdVoonRikGjA~The Roaring fork was conveniently located across from the resort my girlfriend and I stayed at for NYE. We were able to make it for Happy Hour and was pleasantly surprised to find several tempting options on the modified menu. When I walked in and saw another couple eating, I saw that the guy had a big ass burger. Me being a typical guy, I looked to my girlfriend and asked if I could have a big ass burger, as if I was a kid that needed permission to spoil myself. When I sat down and looked at the menu looking for the big ass burger that I saw, and there it was on the menu: "The Big Ass Burger". I was like damn, didn't really think they'd call it that.~burger burger burger burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Z7MLAqxQwLW4YlPnhBX--g~While this place is in a weird spot, in a business building, it offers a fantastic happy hour. Great food specials.  The burger is HUGE and soooo good and for under $10?  The chile/cheese appectizer is amazing as well. I've never had bad food here.~burger cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~j9HYd9gPyY7uizzaSaYjBA~Atmosphere -4/5  Service- 5/5 -- a nicely dressed manager came around and made sure  everything was okay; the waiter cleared the crumbs from our  table twice. We shared  dishes, they split our plates without us even asking them to.  The service was better than a lot of haute cuisine places we've gone to.   Food-4/5---  we love the "big ass' burger, the cheese grits with jalepeno was surprisingly delish.  We like RF a lot, has one of the best burgers in Phx.  We like to catch the happy hour someday.~burger cheese grits burgers ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~M5r-k1wTXsO5-rsmovsRTQ~First of all, Elements should be $$$$ on yelp and not $$$.  Our bill per head (of course with alcohol) in a private room was ~ 370 person for three course meal We had 30 guests Do the math haha We also dined in the main dining room and per head was about 125 person Overview of booking and finalizing dinner for private room Christine and her staff were wonderful to work with They were very accommodating esp when I wanted the room to be set up a certain way At times it was difficult to get a hold of her since she s so busy She is actually doing two jobs Onto the food I ordered 1 Farmers market salad 3 5 this was just OK 2 Miso glazed salmon 5 5 WOW this dish is phenomenon Our guests were raving about this dish and said this was one of the best salmon dishes ever 3 Hoisin braised short ribs 5 5 another WOW delicious Just the right portion I skipped dessert since I was so full After 2 hours I regretted not ordering desserts hahah~salad: miso salmon ribs - desserts... 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~I233o0-xvhAV6ZQggNBqPw~it's a typical deli/diner... but today i tried the chicken salad... and i do like the pineapple and almonds in the salad... slight bit of sweetness, moist, and smooth!  :)~chicken salad pineapple salad ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ajU00xCvBHO4fz17FGpHIg~Happy Hour menu is incredible. The Big Ass Burger is incredible.  The green chile pork, incredible.  I would probably never eat at the actual restaurant, due to its price... but they know how to host a happy hour.~burger pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~1enhyROHWyOq1Sk7Hewizw~Solid 4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service. Bumps this place down to 3 stars :/  We went for an early Dinner here around 5pm. The line wasn't too long, maybe about 10 people in front of us.  You wait in line to pay the cashier, then wait in another line to be seated.. It took us about 45 minutes from the time of entering the first line to get seated.   We we were finally at the front of the line, I felt like I had just won the lotto! I was so excited for food!! We were greeted by the drab hostess who didn't even ask us to follow her but just started walking off.. She plopped us in the seats just 20 ft away from where the line was..  It was basically a foyer where some additional seats were placed.. No view of any of the buffet area at all.. We asked if we could be placed closer to the dining area, and she said, "go wait back in line" .. EW forget it.. we will stay here.  We immediately head to the buffet line and noticed there are PLENTY of tables open.. everywhere. What was with the seating hold up? 30 minutes to be seated? oh.. and the hostesses all look SO frumpy in their hideous air line stewardess want to be uniforms. They all look like they are wearing pink potato sacks.. Not flattering for any figure. Maybe that is why they are so ill tempered there. You would think a nice buffet like this would want their employees to look half decent? I guess not.  Are you supposed to have a server at buffets? Or someone that at least comes to offer you coffee? refill on beverages? Well..I guess not here.. The worker that collected our overdue plates made SURE to avoid eye contact and didn't check on us at ALL. I had to flag down the boss man to ask about our drinks, and he actually went above beyond to personally being us our coffee, and pour it for us. Now THAT'S service... To the server/bus man/scary man.. Why must you mean look at us like you are planning our murder after we spoke to your boss about getting coffee.. and why do you look so familiar.. have I seen you on America's most wanted? *cold shivers* at the memory..  Anyways.. the food was great, They had Veal baby back ribs, juicy tender prime rib, snow crab legs pre-cut, grilled lamb, pea risotto.. The list of yummies goes on and on... I will be back of course.. :) No scary man or moody hostess lady is gonna keep me from GOOD food!  Oh yeah, There seems to be an ATT cell phone dead zone at the buffet.. If you need service, go to the soup area, LOL. Its the only place I found signal .~potato coffee coffee coffee ribs lamb risotto soup ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~78V6JZ-MD62vWp3jUnzhmg~A converted Prairie Girl fan. Even with cupcakes rumoured to be a dying fad in the individual serving dessert trend (whoever said this is blind to the future) PGC has managed to open their third location at Bloor and Avenue. Theres a reason for this, they sell tiny little niblets of tasty fun.  Fair, the cupcakes use too much icing, but what store-bought cupcake doesn't? You can specify in a custom order for less if icing quantity is an issue.  Regardless of its flaws, Prairie Girl will always be a better choice for a sweet fix than any mass produced preservative laden baked good in the First Canadian Place food court, or the Tim Hortons at the bottom of Victoria Street. The cakes they do best are their more complex options. The peanut butter iced banana cupcake is fun, tasty, enjoyable. Loathing carrot cake personally, I really enjoy their presentation of the recipe. Customer service is great, they are really dedicated to pleasing their patrons and have a genuine interest in what feedback they get. They also give leftover cupcakes to Second Harvest; cupcake people are good people. Eating here may result in good Karma...~cupcakes cupcakes peanut butter ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NrNhKvoo9lINjDrG2GVsRQ~Ok, ok.  It is local.  It is homemade.  I get it.   Now the food itself?  It is just ordinary.  It is tasty and good but it is not worth the hype or the wait.  The restaurant does not take reservations.  As a first time diner, it would have been nice to know we could have left our name, ran an errand, received a text and then made our way back.  Instead we had to sit in the drafty entry way.  I was cold for forty minutes waiting for dinner.    We got seated in a great booth.  It was just my husband and I.  I felt guilty because larger parties got passed up.  Nonetheless, it was cozy and very comfortable.  We decided to try the Fried Gnudi.  This is essentially a fancy cheese curd.  It was delicious.  It tastes like a bread stick without bread.  It would have been nice to know what they were.  Instead, we were told they were ricotta like gnocchi.  As a gnocchi eater, I can assure you they were nothing like gnocchi.    Now dinner.  I tried the Mac and Cheese.  I was a bit disappointed.  I do not like strong cheddar.  I asked the waitress whether the cheese had a strong flavor.  Her response?  No, the aged cheddar was a smoky taste that comes out when the cheese is cooked.  I took a chance.  It was beautifully served.  It is a very rich meal.  It is very cheesy and creamy.  However, the cheese taste itself?  It was incredibly strong.  I was not happy with it.  I was told the completely wrong thing.  The portion is also small for $9.  I was kind of upset by this.    We also ordered the pub burger.  We shared each other these meals.  The burger was cooked well but it was a small patty.  It was served on an English muffin.  I am assuming it was homemade.  It was so dense and lacked any type of lightness I have had with other English muffins.    The star of the meal?  The fries with garlic aoli.  Hands down.  Magnificent.    The food was not terrible.  It was good, average food.  The service was good.  The people were nice.  Graze is just not worth all the hype.  Nope.~cheese gnocchi gnocchi gnocchi mac and cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Rxx7YbSyljzSfmbqDq6A9g~I want to begin by saying  the food and the view of the capital were amazing.  We only had a few appetizers, but they all came out hot and delicious.  Don't overlook their popcorn.  It was served in a large portion with plenty of delicious SarVecchio cheese and truffle oil.  Yum.  We also had the cheese curds, which in some establishments can be boring and predictable.  Not here.  The breading was amazing, and the cheese was top notch.  We had a few incredibly friendly and helpful male bartenders.  Unfortunately, they left about half way through our visit, and were replaced by a horribly rude female bartender.  She cut me off abruptly, rolled her eyes, and sighed impatiently when I couldn't pronounce one of their beers (Ouisconsing?  Sorry, I didn't instantly get that one!)   She is the only reason I am taking away stars on the review, because the other bartenders were so amazing...someone has to get that woman a quaalude before the next dinner service!  Excellent bottle and draft beer menu, and their tap house wine was surprisingly high quality. The appetizers were plentifully portioned, and MOST of their servers were top-notch.    Here goes my rant:  I am not taking away stars on this review because of the positive stories I have heard from many friends who enjoy coming here regularly.  I think my experience may have been singular.  We sat at the bar and had a few drinks with our apps.    Unfortunately, a woman felt it would be appropriate to bring her sons to the bar to squeeze into the only open seat next to us, one an infant and one maybe 5,   Okay...  After her infant son nearly knocked over my wine and grabbed my silverware twice, I politely moved my things over about a foot, crowding our own area to avoid a disaster.  Next, her 5 year old son squeezed in between my knees and the bar, kicking my hanging purse with a rhythmic motion.  I quickly unhooked it and put it in my lap.  All the while, I could still feel his hair on my legs and an occasional bumping of his elbow.  OKAY... She finally left, without a word of apology, not even an apologetic smile.   That's my rant on that particular subject.  I think it is perfectly okay to bring your children to any establishment you like, as long as you are able to control them and not hinder anyone else's dining experience.  End of story.~appetizers popcorn cheese cheese cheese appetizers ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9ocwQXqddR72LY-AhEVJDA~Let me start by saying they seem to try really hard to please their customers and some of the dishes were excellent. That said, the 3 star rating is because some weren't excellent and the ambience was challenged on this particular evening because the restaurant was extremely cold. The calamari appetizer was mediocre. The lobster roll would have been excellent if it could be handled. The bun was hard and could not fold to envelop the lobster. That made it open-faced. The crab-stuffed salmon was very good. In the shrimp scampi with linguine, the shrimp were very tasty, but the whole dish seemed a bit heavy. Interesting atmosphere and, with a few more patrons, could have a nice energy. We'd try it again, but the second time has to be a charm.~lobster roll salmon shrimp scampi shrimp ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ns1DHte5Ukjqxc7lyH4CLQ~I find this place very unique and fun! Its a great place to take out of towners... Its colorful, has very unique and quality food, and you have to love a place that has a "Big Ass Burger" on its menu! Its a lively joint, far from romantic, if that's what you're looking for. Not the greatest location, as its almost hard to find if you've never been there before, as its in an office-like complex. But, those minor items aside, I really dig this place and the food is more than outstandng!~burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xUNDJB01ZWq_eZF8OsWDgw~We were starving and headed downtown for a concert and decided that BBQ ribs sounded great. I remembered that I had a an old groupon that I had bought so we decided to try it. When we first walked in it did seem a little ghetto but I know sometimes smaller places are better. We ordered a full slab Of pork ribs and 2 drinks. It came with 2 sides an with tax was about $30. My groupon was for $20 but was expired so I thought I would only get the amount I paid, $10. The only positive thing about our experience was that they honored my groupon for the full $20.  The cashier was not polite at all, not wanting to even take my groupon at first. You could tell he didn't want to be working.  Another employee was sitting in plain sight eating a large plate with no manners and looking gross. I went to get some lemonade and it tasted like water so I dumped it out and got root beer. About 10 min after we sat down they called our number but only to say that they were out of ribs! The place had 2 customers on a Friday night and the special was rib tips..but they only had chicken! They offered an extra side but no change in the price... Then while we were eating I heard another customer who had come in long after us, being old that they were out of ribs and the customer was upset that he had already paid for ribs too! I don't understand why they were letting people order and pay for ribs when it was clear they knew that they knew they didn't have any!   When we got our meal my husband took one bite and said he hated it. the chicken was dry, bbq sauce tasted like metal and the red potato salad seemed like the kind you get in bulk at a grocery store. The fries   Were ok so thats all he ate. I liked the bbq sauce but the chicken was super dry. our friend ordered a chicken sandwich an the bun fell apart as she picked it up. She took one bite and said it was gross and didn't eat any more of it.   If we had to pay full price I would have made a big scene but because it was a groupon and were just trying a new place I let it go but we will never go again.~ribs pork ribs ribs chicken ribs ribs ribs chicken potato salad ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~-6K9AyRBQ30lXlwDLQCLyA~Burger was OK.  Didn't have anything else but a lot of the dishes looked gimmicky and some I would not even want to put in my mouth.  Take the three stars for what its worth.~burger ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FGfZEhTgJCUK3rCWo_gz6g~WOW!  ~As soon as you walk into the entrance you re greeted with pillars of beautiful fresh FLOWERS Oh the COLORS ~Pricey, yes.  Worth it?  OH YES!  After paying to enter and leaving a tip, my husband and I were out $90 or so (He's a large tipper, so it might not cost you as much). 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ixUYsrXDW1abgjmq2V3oiw~Our night at this restaurant was nothing short of superb. Our whole family (8 people) were in town for my dad's birthday. We thought going to an early dinner would be a good idea with a large party, but when we got to the restaurant we were told that the wait would be a couple hours for a party of our size....we were bummed and using the lobby area to yelp somewhere else to go. While there the manager (Matthew) came over to me and my sister saying that he overheard we had a large party and he might have a solution. He had a large table on the patio that was just wrapping up, in less than 10 minutes we were seated and being waited on by our lovely waitress Alex. Her service was top notch and non stop.... Then the food and drinks started flowing. We ordered the green Chile pots, guac, pork wings, tenderloin, fish tacos, big ass burger, iceberg BLT salad and chicken flatbread pizza. Everything was so delicious, seriously drool worthy. If i had to recommend one item it would be the pork wings, unique, flavorful, tender and crispy. Little flavor bombs! Our cocktails were delightful, delicious and refreshing.... Most refreshing of all was the unparalleled customer service we got from start to finish. We will definitely be back... Our dessert too was so amazing, the creme brulee and pecan pie. The pie was like nothing you've ever had before. Thank you Matthew and Alex for making my dad's birthday a year to remember.~pork tacos burger iceberg salad chicken pork pie pie ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Ol58pNqaVrCEOryG5aTU4g~As a Pakistani born in Canada who misses home cooked meals I come to King Palace when I need a fix of south asian food. I am very selective in what I order. My first experience with the rice was not as good as my experience with their naan. I very much recommend the naan over the rice. My favorite dishes are the haleem, channa, and butter chicken. The daal looks good too but I have never tried it. The people behind the counter of course let you try anything if you are unsure of the taste or want to see if something is spicy enough. I know the idea of them popping it in the microwave bothers some but I always get mine to go and enjoy it at home. Many South Asians come here. As the reviews state many cab drivers come and let me tell you cab drivers wives usually cook AMAZING dishes so if they come the food has to be decent. I know it definitely cannot beat real home cooked south asian meals but it definitely satisfies my cravings when I can't get fresh cooked food.~butter chicken ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kNgKN6myuB1kJbuH3J1idg~LOVEEE the cupcakes! I dont have a sweet tooth but this place is really good. My favorite cupcake is the red velvet and the vanilla. The staff is friendly as well~cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AXy_0ELMPSFL0DE4pOv_6g~Wanted to try this place after multiple lists cited the Big Ass Burger as being one of the top ten burgers in the greater Phoenix area.  Meh.  I've experienced better.  Went on a Thursday night.  Restaurant has an upscale feel (Scottsdale!  Imagine that) and was decently full.  No reservation, no problem.  Were seated relatively quickly by the hostess after being ignored for about three minutes by the male host, who was more interested in talking on the phone than making eye contact with any of the three groups standing in front of him.  The waitress was pleasant and attentive, and a good sport when I told her I would settle for the "tap water".  That's right, first question was if we wanted any fancy water, or if we were fine with the "tap water" they just poured in our glasses.  Ha ha - tap water.  Pretentious much?  It was delicious tap water, though.  The water pipes in Scottsdale must be less rusted than those in neighboring, less-cultured cities.  On to the food!  The Big Ass Burger was, in fact, quite large.  However, ordering it medium-rare means you get it pink throughout (whoo!) and dry as hell (suck!).  Not sure how they managed that, but they did.  Definitely far from one of the ten best in the greater Phoenix area.  On another note, my female accompaniment greatly enjoyed her Waldorf Salad, coconut green tea, and crme brle.  I would recommend the coconut green tea.  Everything else I could've done without.  Maybe I'll give you another try, Roaring Fork.  Maybe.~burger burgers sport burger salad coconut tea coconut tea ~2 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~e7uFTJRFfBzvkO255crexA~This is a great alternative to fast food. I have only had the salads. They use fresh ingredients and offer several different salads, soups and sandwiches. I tried the new salmon salad and wouldn't get it again. Only because the salmon is drier than I prefer.   PROS: Pineapple Chicken salad             Nutty Salad             Fresh ingredients             Free ice cream while you wait.~salads salads sandwiches salmon salad salmon pineapple chicken salad salad ice cream ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~gJHu2R4eZuWLeIZ2jGZDvQ~I literally just picked up an order of 6 cupcakes from Prairie Girl for my manager's birthday.  Other than the fact I wound up having to trek there during the worst snowstorm we've had this year, I was very pleased with my first Prairie Girl Bakery experience.  First of all, their online ordering system is great.  Actually, better than great.  It was one of the best and most user-friendly online ordering systems I've ever encountered (just try ordering pizza through Pizza Pizza's new website.  I dare you).  I was able to mix and match easily and efficiently before finally settling on my final six choices.  I was also able to see the price change as I went along AND I was able to add a single gluten-free cupcake to my order.  It was so nice to have the option to order just one GF cupcake (and not a whole batch) and join in on the celebrations back at the office.  Traditionally when we order cake at work, I'm left out of the festivities, so this was a wonderful change.  Finding the place.  This was a little tricky, because I didn't see their name on the directory and had NO CLUE where I was going.  Your best bet is to just go to 100 King St. West, go downstairs and head towards the food court.  They are right across from the Longo's.  Once I found it, even though there was a line, I was able to stroll up to the pre-order section and get my cupcakes right away.  I love that they put the GF cupcake in a separate box with clear labelling so I knew for sure which one was mine.  They also put them in a really sturdy bag for easy transport.  The storefront itself is magical and features a large wall of cupcakes in different colours and sizes, waiting for enjoyment by the masses.  The smell, even though in the middle of a busy food court, is intoxicating.  The cupcakes were a huge hit at the office.  Everyone got a flavour they enjoyed, and the little sugar "Happy Birthday" toppers added the perfect 'je ne sais quoi' to the already beautiful cupcakes.  The strawberry icing (on the cupcake I enjoyed) was clearly made from real strawberries, and the chocolate and vanilla bean icings also received rave reviews.  The cake itself is a bit denser than you would get from a box mix, but it was very enjoyable.  You could definitely cut one of these guys in half and enjoy them throughout the day (though scarfing one back in a single sitting isn't entire implausible either).  For six cupcakes (including a GF one) and the sugar toppers, it came to just slightly over $20 (and that includes tax).  I find this perfectly reasonable given the quality and size of the cupcakes, and the fact I've seen similar treats go for much much more at other bakeries.  All in all, I would definitely order from here again for an office birthday or personal occasion.~cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RhgzVItq7goPaxxoAPCpWg~This place was very nice. Lovely atmosphere, kind waiters, even the support staff was nice. Kinda tricky to get into, but once you figure out the parking situation, it is A-okay. It had a very warm-n-fuzzy atmosphere, very posh without extreme pretension. It is just north of Downtown Scottsdale, so you would expect it to be expensive. (It is pricey, but not more than you would expect.) The Green Chili mac n' Cheese was indeed, just as my friend told me, phenomenal. Good beer selection too! We had one of the burgers on the table and everything was good about it except!: It lacked a slight bit of salt on the patty and the bread could be more dense. It was a little airy (the bread) and had less flavor than I hoped. Having a good bun for your burger is VERY important. Other than that, this place was pretty rockin.~cheese burgers patty burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~MLWtx9sDZMJlyUlMDunq8Q~Had a great time here last night, despite there being no Valet for some reason? Anyway, this is a great place to bring out-of-towners, it has a chic southwest feel, while remaining upscale and impressive.   The spicy shrimp appetizer was perfect, salad was crisp and fresh, my chicken was succulent, and a guest had the "Big Ass Burger" - which is a Roaring Fork tradition.  Highly recommend this to people visiting the Scottsdale area. (avoid the patio in the summer when you book your reservations) Three of us paid about $100 total for dinner with 1 drink each :)~shrimp salad chicken burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~9UvJVTaSIS3ceA3YUiz4sQ~My husband and I decided to try a new place tonight. I usually love barbecue, and when he suggested we try Honey Bears, I was more than happy to. First of all, I have to admit, I worked for Famous Dave's years ago and although I couldn't stand being employed there, they had some darn good barbecue and I'd still go eat there if there was one closer by. So maybe my expectations were too high for Honey Bears, but they fell way short.   I got the pork brisket sandwich. I couldn't even pick it up, the bun was so soggy. Like snot. I tried to pick it up and it just disintegrated and all the meat fell out. I ate it with a fork, seeing as I was too starving to send it back. The meat was very moist and tender until I got a huge bite of the nastiest, driest chunk of meat. Like hard and chewy beef jerky. I have never discourteously spit food out of my mouth before, but that was too unpleasant to swallow!   Moving on, the fries were good. The beans were awesome! The bbq sauce was lacking in consistency and flavor. The cheese in the mac was a bit thin. The ribs I had that came with their combo 3, well one was alright, the other one was almost all fat.   All in all, I didn't "hate" it but I'm not going back. There are better places to spend my money.~honey honey pork sandwich beef jerky fries cheese ribs ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NFaxessqSoZLw5whzA4eJg~I work nearby and went at lunch for some brisket.  I was told it would take 2 minutes for the brisket to be ready, so I paid and waited. Then I was told it would take another 5 minutes. I then was told it was going to take longer and was offered chicken or pork instead. I choose chicken. It took over 20 minutes before I got my food. The chicken cost less, but I was not reimbursed the difference.  The soggy wet chicken had a very strong metallic taste....aluminum. I threw half of it away.  Wasted my lunch there....won't go back.~chicken pork chicken chicken chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Kk_cMN1u-OOfzZXPrwd2mg~I couldn't help myself and checked the 8am line again.  Not too bad today so I dragged my group along to give it a try.  I slammed the place yesterday with only one star because of the line out the door but today it's only a 20 minute wait so we did it.  Very nice, friendly hostess and nice seating throughout.  Once we sat down we got great service for a waiter who constantly filled our coffee and kept bringing juice.  This buffet is incredible!  Huge!  We came for breakfast at 8am but I had breakfast, lunch and dinner.  They have everything including cold shrimp and oysters.    My review has gone from one to five stars.  I'll never wait 45 minutes for this breakfast buffet but if the line is reasonable this is the buffet to be at.    I've got to figure out a way to skip the line.  I think I have to gamble more.  LOL~coffee shrimp ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iwGQWPX76sUKHNSMtI-nOw~Epic $10 happy hour burger.  Seriously....  Great staff.  Absolutely recommend on Sun-Mon all night happy hour.~burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~agXH2CqgPYrTr0nbWQ_9WQ~3* for flavor 5* for selection & quality of ingredients used  I've been to the buffet at the Wynn three times - mostly because we were staying either at the Wynn/Encore and it was convenient.  There's so much decent to good food to choose from... I won't lie, not everything is delicious - and they often do change things around a bit. (That delicious Baileys Panna Cotta isn't always there...) However, they deserve a fourth star since there is ALWAYS a huge selection - fresh seafood, random sushi, 1-2 dim sum, red meats, pastas, etc. (If you know what gnocchi's supposed to taste like, steer clear of theirs.) I know what I like of the seafood, but as for the rest, I usually try a tablespoon-sized portion of everything that seems appealing before deciding what to actually eat.. I recall liking the Eggs Benedict on my most recent trip.. A bit bland, really. Like most things they serve.  The best part is the dessert - although usually, by the time I'm done with half of my second plate, I'm too stuffed to try more than one without assistance. Everything is so pretty to look at and they have so many options it makes your head spin... I usually like to share them - that way, I can get a taste of each of the 10 most appealing options before committing to a single one (assuming I have space by then). My favorite is the Baileys Panna Cotta (of course).. but again, not always there.  There is always a line. Do not be discouraged.. If you're there for the weekend champagne brunch, there will be plenty of mediocre alcohol on the other side to help you forget the wait.  Make sure you tip when you pay, or you're going to be seated in the worst section of the place far away from the food and out of sight, where the servers hardly ever come around. Two out of three times, I made sure to tip well and, as a result, had seats in an ideal location and attentive servers that never allowed my glass to empty, and once.. a server that, after offering me coffee when l was first seated, remembered me saying that I like my coffee at the end of my meal, to enjoy with dessert. As soon as I brought desserts to the table, he served me a cup of coffee. EXCELLENT.~sushi gnocchi eggs benedict coffee coffee desserts coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~GybtI9RDTfm8vQCSxfd4_Q~Probably the best cheese curds in town. I like the menu, but it is pricey and more focused on appetizers/drinks than dinner. The beet burger, popcorn, and hickory nut pie are also delicious! Amazing view of the Capitol.~cheese appetizers beet burger popcorn pie ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~FVKPqpqXf3QVnRJW3Q5Wdg~I am not a fan of sweets so I think for me to give 4 stars is amazing!  What I love about Prairie Girl is that they have mini cupcakes so you can have that small bite that lingers in your mouth rather than shoving a huge cupcake in and then feeling like crap.  We actually ordered a dozen of cupcakes but the one that really stood out to me was the vanilla bean flavored one.  Yes, I don't really like sweets and do not eat chocolate but I DO LOVE VANILLA!  AMAZING.  A bit pricy and something I noticed was that everyone online was a female!  lmao!~cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rvqVN8g031UZj92sYsw3Zg~I spend a lot of time at Graze these days, so I'm going to share with you my 6-step program for doing Graze like a pro:     1. Order The Retox (cachaa, maple syrup, lemon juice, cayenne - what? what?)  2. Graze from a basket of warm, salty, truffley popcorn.  3. Enjoy that I'm-feeling-classy-even-though-I'm-wearing-snow-boots ambiance. 4. Order another Retox (heads up, two Retoxes and you are totally toxed) 5. Dine on any number of spectacular meals. 6. Indulge your voyeuristic tendencies by staring out the walls of windows to crazy, crazy Madison.   I know this formula works.  Last night, as I piled the bibimbap onto my chopsticks and into my face, a protest for Tibetan freedom marched around the Capitol.  And in the moment, as much as I wanted to free Tibet, I wanted another bite of that marinated tofu more.~lemon cayenne popcorn tofu ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~daVSA67JK8Nx_RKpqg_PHw~Best BBQ sandwiches in Phoenix.  The BBQ sauce is amazing.  I generally get the chicken sandwiches but my friends all swear by the pork.~sandwiches chicken sandwiches pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~GMHBXvN243pI6YEkFYelJg~Found this place on Yelp.  It was hard to find, as it was not right off the road, but in the back of the parking lot. Made reservations, were taken right in.  Server was very attentive. I got the Big Ass Hamburger and I was too full for dessert.  Delicious. Pricy, upscale splurge. The memory of that hamburger may bring me back for more.~hamburger hamburger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~fptclt2Pp3qyuyoy24g5Xw~The Wynn is amazing! The buffet was well appointed with loads of traditional American and international choices. The coffee was wonderful and the staff was very attentive. We sat in the garden room and it was magical and a romantic breakfast. One of my favorite meals in Vegas!~coffee ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~gEU6DKI84cADBN8U6SzDDQ~After google told me top 10 buffet in vegas the #1 best buffet was wynn I had pretty high expectation. My friend and I decide to go there for dinner on sat. night. The atomosphere is beautiful, but the food is very disappointing. Maybe because I'm very picky, I don't find this place special at all (food). I'm not comparing the food to Cut by wolfgang puck 5 star restaurant, but compare to other buffets, I've experience better. The buffet at Wynn does have good quality food, but the way they cooked it, just ain't working for me. such as the texture of prime ribs, and the chicken is too dry, the dumpling crust is too hard (over cooked) etc. I liked there salad & desert.. their Crme brle was amazing, especially with coffee& cream... I enjoyed salad, pineapple, orange, & deserts.  Other than that I didn't like anything.~ribs chicken salad coffee salad pineapple ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~c8WjDUxpofQtHiJJHPgIsw~I have not been to THIS location until recently, which is shocking since cupcakes are like crack to me and I work so close to this place but after a year or so of being open I finally got around to it. This was all because of an email alert I received from PGB informing me that the flavor of the week was "neopolitan" with a photo of a glorious looking cupcake attached to the email. First of all Neopolitan is my childhood favorite ice cream and applying that concept to a cupcake is like making a junk food addict's dream come true. So I had to try it.  One of the reasons I avoided this location was because of the long lineups that it usually has during my lunch break. The time I went (1130ish) was a good time to go (I guess people need to eat real food at some point as opposed to eating cupcakes ALL day). There was no lineup and I was served immediately. The lady that served me was nice and friendly. I asked for a regular size cupcake but she gave me a mini instead. I would have corrected her but I figured I should probably stick to a mini or else my pants might get mad at me. It cost $2.25 which is pretty steep considering the size of this miniature snack but the taste is heavenly.  The cake itself was a chocolate cake, incredibly moist and chocolatey topped with a layer of strawberry icing (fresh strawberries!), vanilla bean icing, and chocolate icing. It was so rich and intense in flavor I was actually grateful that I got the mini vs the regular because I think it would have been too sweet if it was a larger portion.   Overall, I really enjoyed this treat of the week...in a mini size. I am still a fan of this cupcakery and their sweet creations, but just in smaller doses.~cupcakes ice cream cupcakes cake chocolate cake ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kasLX4bmJhnGgpU_aNWNvg~People, save your time and money. Skip Bellagio; eat at Wynn. Let me do a side-by-side comparison:  Bellagio: souplantation-ish salad bar.  Wynn: gourmet salad bar, including make your own and pre-maid salads in adorable, chic cups.   Bellagio: overdone fruit station with out of season, flavorless fruits Wynn: gourmet fruit and cheese bar, gourmet cold cut bar (salamis, proscuittos, cheeses, figs, apricots, etc)  Bellagio: rare/bloody unseasoned prime rib Wynn: herb crusted prime rib, cooked to perfection, with the delicious taste of fresh herbs and garlic still lingering  Bellagio: BBQ beef brisket swimming in salty A1 sauce Wynn: Rib of Veal, so tender it's practically falling off the bone.  Bellagio: snow crab Wynn: king crab  Bellagio: soft serve Wynn: crepes made to order and a gelato bar. A whole separate room for dessert.   Overall, this buffet is classy, clean, gorgeous. The foods are laid out around the permiter so you don't feel like a cow going from station to station, you can simply gracefully wander around the room (and everything is clearly labeled to catch your attention).    Service is excellent. If you ask for coffee, you will get a carafe of it; if you ask for juice, you'll get a pitcher of fresh squeezed oj.   Noise level is low for a buffet. Prices high, but you're getting quality food. Their ethnic selection is fabulous (the best sweet & sour shrimp and tandoori mahi mahi I've ever had).  Overall, this is a fantastic buffet. The best there is. Apparently this is how good the Bellagio's buffet was before Steve Wynn sold Bellagio to the MGM/Mirage group. For shame.~salad salad salads cheese cheeses garlic beef brisket coffee shrimp ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~oZk_CNBiJwbqp91FN9C85Q~If you have ever purchased from here you may be able to relate to those hungry children lining up for rice in Africa.......but you are more in line of the office professionals in business skirt and high heels waiting in line for your fix of Cup Cakes.....I have tried them all....and my fav is.  Banana cup cake with chocolate cream cheese icing, or the Vanilla Cupcake with chocolate cream cheese icing.    Instead of getting one big cup cake I suggest getting 2 small one's of different flavors and that way you can get to know which drug (I mean cupcake) is the one that resonates with you most.  If Rob Ford came here he may just give up Crack Cocaine for these cup cakes.  All of them are a 3+ (some flavors I have enjoyed more than others)  Sure the prices are a tad on the expensive side - but the quality is consistent and the cup cakes are good. These are not your generic run of the mll cup cakes.  If you want the good pickings order from the website then pick them up at the location....cause if you buy after lunch hour on a Friday or Thursday or a week day before a National Holiday all the good one's will be gone.  You may have to lineup queue for these but it moves rather fast~banana cake cream cheese ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~4OGezhmJDvN8cdJllLbRuw~I decided to make a quick stop here to grab a cupcake to surprise a friend the other day. It's underground at First Canadian Place in what must be like a bakers row or something because it's literally surrounded by four other bakeries. Haha. Anyways, the cupcakes are reasonable priced (3.40 something for the one I ordered) and come in a nicely made carrier and bag if you want. Makes a nice looking gift for the price. In terms of the actual cupcake, I ordered a Chocolate Peanut Butter and it was pretty good...if not great. I don't understand the current trend of putting way too much icing on the top of the cupcake. It shouldn't be to the point that the icing has the same volume as the cake itself, but anyways someone must like them like this because they're pretty common. The icing WAS rich and delicious however: very peanut buttery and decadent. The cake, on the other hand, was a little dry and unimpressive and indiscernible from the made-from-a-box variety. Slightly disappointing. 2.5/5 for the cupcake itself and 4/5 for price and presentation.~cupcakes peanut butter ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~O9DwYA2hW7PsNWEi0ooKGA~We went for a regular lunch buffet in Wynn, it's not bad but I feel it's a bit expansive for what they offered.  I do love the presentation and dinnerware used, it just made the buffet look more fancy and classy.  I didn't try every food since I just had a big champagne bunch the day before and we opt for something lighter.  The grill fish was good, I especially like the mahi mahi, tuna and red snapper, pizza looked nice but it wasn't warm enough by the time I got it, I know it will sound odd but my favorite dish was the grill corn on the cob, the seasoning was just right to bring out the sweetness of the corn.  The desert was my favorite part of the buffet, it has the best coffee ice cream and the chocolate tart was to die for.  I will go back next time for dinner or champagne bunch for sure.~tuna corn corn coffee ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~APYy_MX5wFtbmcH57hLsqQ~Made reservations here for my graduation dinner, and honestly did not see the hype.   Atmosphere - The atmosphere had more of a corporate feel to it, with several large business parties and golf buddies dining beside our large family party. Our server was very patient with us and was very attentive.   Food - The food was average yet pricey, with most entrees $20 and up. A few key plates we ordered:   Guacamole and chips ($9-10) -  very fresh but also very small portions. Could probably only serve 1-2.   Big Ass Burger - all hype. Yes, our burger was huge, sparked awe, but when cut, the beef was dry, the bun soggy, and the vegetables slid out on the first bite. Would not try again.   In summary, the food was just mediocre and there wasn't really anything I'd be back for. If anything, it was a cute restaurant to entertain my out of town family. Otherwise I would not be back here again.~chips burger burger beef ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~BAwLFT2mRCFnyBXMsgLIrA~This place barely earned a one star!  Went here on a groupon recently, it'd been years since we ate here.  I Remember it being pretty good then.  Let me sum it up: we ordered the 9.95 (sandwich, side & drink combo) the beef was burnt dry, the sauce reminded of a grade up from Arby sauce & the fries tasted stale. I Thought I was being  negative but my husband who's not too picky complained more than me. To top it off, we were charged extra for a side we didn't order when we presented this to the cashier she swore we ordered it, we didn't! She finally gave us 1/2 a refund saying we didn't get tax back because of groupon..... huh???? Our original order came to 18.00 the groupon was for 20.  Whatever!   We're never going back!!~sandwich beef fries ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~IDUVraIIywrAIbjlIOsx6w~Probably THE best buffet on the Strip.  The decor was very beautiful.  At the entrance, there were these huge columns of fruit and flowers arranged up to the ceiling, almost.  Then, these professionally dressed and friendly host and hostesses escorted us to our table.  Everything was good there, even the coffee!!  The wait wasn't as bad as Bellagio's buffet, but there was still a wait.  The service was great.  In fact, the salads, the meats (ofcourse), ice creams, were all served to me in the buffet.  There were these salads in these glass cups.  I tried the greek salad which had marinated beef at the bottom of the cup and it was very good.  The Asian Chicken salad was also good and served to me on my plate.  Everything was very tasty and satisfying! :)~coffee salads salads salad beef chicken salad ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~aEjWIhTZYnkUPq5wabA8EA~A great fine dining place! 4.5/5 J and I were there this Saturday with AJ and J. That was my first time to the Elements and I was totally in love with the restaurant's location and surrounding. What a view!  We were seated on a cute bench overlooking at the mountain and sunset that evening. The service was excellent from the moment you stepped inside the restaurant. We started our meal with steam mussels in a delicious creamy sauce. The sauce was a little salty but it was perfect to dip your bread in! (bread was fresh, crusty and warm!). Among 4 of us, we had salmon with asian twist, pork chop, halibut and honey orange duck breast. I have to say among all of them (except pork chop, didn't try that one), the duck breast was my fav! Probabaly the best duck breast (in western style) I'd tried before! Will definitely get that one again next time.  One thing to mention is they have very creative coctails list. J got a suger snap peas martini and it was amazing~ you can taste the subtle fresh sweetness of the snap peas I had a rasberry martini and I enjoyed it as well The experience was memorable and amazing You can watch the sunset while having a superb dinner and great conversation I would go back again for its brunch ~salmon pork honey pork peas peas. 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~z5JyuxnEszwvPwjUKtGlBA~Very nice decor food was good,desserts really good green tea,lychee,peachcobbler ice cream crepes made to order ,over priced and seating to close to everyone everyone is crammed in there it was worth the try and won my money back on keno so it  worked out well.~desserts tea lychee ice cream ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9_xEtzL7n30nqXiz5D0NzA~I am so, so pleased with my experience here today. Three of us were walking around the Strip on a Saturday and we got pretty hungry around 1pm. I quickly pointed over across the street to this place since I've never been here. We walked in and were waiting on the hostess to seat us. I was looking around and most of the tables were full. Large TVs had march madness stuff going and orders were being delivered left and right. We waited not even five minutes to be seated, but the hostess appeared frazzled over so many people coming in.  We were seated at a table in the back left. It was a spacious table with comfy chairs. Our waitress walked over within a few minutes and she was so quick to get our drinks. I got water and unsweetened iced tea. I looked over the menu and became way too excited for sushi. It's absolutely my favorite thing to eat so I was ready to order the whole menu. I narrowed it down to miso soup, seaweed salad, tuna & salmon sashimi. The two other people I was with ordered fish and chips, a burger, and an Alaskan roll. We chatted while we waited and I felt like our orders came out fairly quickly even though the place was busy. Also, I noticed how it wasn't insanely loud. A plus for sure.   My unsweetened iced tea tasted strong and I liked that because most iced teas taste very watered down to me. Heidi, our waitress, brought over my miso soup and shortly after my sashimi and seaweed salad were delivered. Oh my gosh my sashimi was beautiful, fresh, and extremely delicious! The same goes for miso soup and seaweed salad, which was the tastiest I've had so far in Pittsburgh. I was head over heels for my food. I've finally found the sushi I've been dreaming of. Heidi was fabulous at keeping our drinks refilled and coming back to check on all of us. I liked that she didn't abandon us after getting us our orders.  Towards the end of our meals, I decided I wanted to try a rainbow roll and asked if I could have it without rice. I wasn't trying to be a pain in the butt and I rarely ever ask for substitutions of any kind. Heidi said she'll see what she could do. She didn't say no and she didn't ignore my request. She put my order in and I was treated to an incredible modification with rainbow roll filling surrounded by a cucumber shell. It tasted amazing. I went over and praised/thanked the sushi chefs because they got creative and they provided excellent customer service. I thanked Heidi as well. She was so kind, bubbly, and an overall joy that added to our dining experience. We all adored her! Praise for the customer service, the food, and overall atmosphere. I was so happy and I'm definitely coming back for more of that sushi!~tea sushi miso soup salad tuna salmon chips burger tea miso soup salad miso soup salad sushi cucumber sushi sushi ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~jnbQRnmyZyqS7Kt5eY9a2g~$10 for a medium drink, chicken sandwich, and a small salad = MEH! Overpriced and nothing special of this BBQ chicken sandwich.  I'll go back for a second try, someday...~chicken sandwich ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tZOPsHa1_CAaUEkHPqToNw~Their fries are fantastic. Seriously. You'd think a French fry is a fry, but it's not. When I get an entree with fries, I always eat those first. So crispy and salty and hot and not overly greasy. The truffle popcorn is a great snack during cocktail hour. Their cocktails are original and fun. Menus are a bit limited (especially if you're a vegetarian) but what they offer is very good. The atmosphere and view makes up for the limited options. I've had brunch, lunch, dinner, and cocktails there multiple times. Never had a bad experience, although sometimes it takes a while to get your drinks because everyone slams the bar with orders for foo-foo cocktails instead of keeping it simple with wine and beer. Whatever. Sh*t happens. Instead of getting bitchy I do something really drastic: I relax and enjoy the people I'm dining with and admire the view, and if we're going to order a second round, we do it earlier rather than later.  ;)  I also like that they feature local and seasonal foods. Keep doing that.~fries fries popcorn ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~g6RzWV_nV7QJRPn-_uxkZQ~Big Ass Burger was awesome! Great $5 mojitos. Service was excellent. Best place to go in Scottsdale!~burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~qYkNEDyRjJ1q4EycNf3g3A~I really dislike their cupcakes. The cake itself is flavourless, and I've always found the icing too buttery and sweet. And no wonder with 700 calories and 30 grams of fat in their regular cupcakes. That is so disastrous and isn't acceptable in any way. 300 calories - ok. 700? No way Prarie Girl. This is not the age for it. I can honestly make far tastier and healthier cupcakes at home. There are places where they do it better but those are mostly boutique shops a little far from downtown.~cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~HNU0-xK3-qbXZIwJEnYw6A~Loved, loved, loved this place.  When we sat down and looked at the menu and the nice micro beer and wine list and thought man if this place had cocktails it would be perfect.  Guess what, they have a secret assortment of liquor and a great kick ass Manhattan that is the trifecta of large, strong, and tasty.  Ok because I am also about the food, the food was amazing.   We started with the Charcuterie plate of 2 cheeses and 2 meats (I would have liked some more interesting cheeses and would love to see some more creativity with a chutney) the Caprese Salad, and the Fingerling Potatoes.  All three were nicely sized for sharing and nicely priced. We moved on to try three of the salads. The Italian was a nice assortment of meats and greens with Parmesan. The roasted veggie salad had beets, onions, green beans, summer squash with greens.  The Ashland was baby spinach with bacon onions and Parmesan. The dressing choices were a nice Parmesan peppercorn and a weirdly gloppy fat free Italian (just about the only miss tonight). For our next round we tried the tasty Sausage and Mushroom and the more interesting and even more tasty pesto prosciutto flatbreads.  Both were crisp and chewy and perfect.  I had the Green Chili Pork. This little casserole of tasty was had pork chunks and onions in a nicely balanced green chili sauce with just a bit of heat (I would add jalapeos next time).  Next to this I had the AuGratin Potatoes. Shaped like a load of corn bread, these were some of the best AuGratins I have ever had.  We split the bittersweet chocolate cake with vanilla gelato and raspberry sauce.  Nice balance but a slight miss with too cold gelato but still very good. Great service with good recommendations, wine and beer and the $140 bill seemed like a steal.  We will be back for sure.~cheeses cheeses salad salads greens salad green beans summer squash greens spinach bacon sausage mushroom pork pork corn bread chocolate cake ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~ND_Yowv2DicEyAp5MmwNGw~Another great Mad Mex location right in Robinson close to the mall. I met up with my father who was staying close to the airport overnight, and I actually had a bit of trouble finding the place (it's cryptically hidden facing the highway on the first floor of an office building. Once I found the parking lot, though, it was smooth sailing, good company, and good food. One thing I will complain about, which happens at every Mad Mex location, is they put small tables incredibly close to other tables- which means that you're essentially immersed in both of your neighboring tables' conversations (and vise versa). However, the food was really great- I had a taco salad and they allowed me to substitute the beef for tofu (which was above par). The waitress was incredible, not even considering that it was a crazy busy Friday night. I probably won't eat there again because I live closer to the Oakland and Shadyside locations, but I definitely recommend it.~taco salad beef tofu ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~txi7qRlpHFMxLPSF1CmXgQ~Torn!  I'm always torn with high end buffets!  The decor was beautiful, and the variety of foods that you have to choose from is enormous!  But in the end, MOST of it is just breakfast food!  They did have a few items that were unique, stood out, and were delicious, but if you tend to stick to traditional breakfast fare, you're really not going to get your money's worth!  The service was average, but they were friendly and polite.  But for as much as this places charges, it wasn't that crowded, and it took quite a while to receive our first cup of coffee.  I was expecting a little more.  But if you're looking for the wow factor when it comes to selection and decor, this buffet is perhaps the best that I've been to.  Overall, if you're looking for a Vegas buffet experience, it's worth the visit!~coffee ~3 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~02c6UETmG6iXHnN0Ymqddw~Not the best in Vegas but pretty good. They deliver too and that's awesome, especially if you lazy. Love their hamburger steak and musubis!~hamburger steak ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Lo9BTvu38k9IdChzGjcJXg~its actually a no star buffet.  It was all gross. prime rib was over done, i only stuck with the fruits and desserts, i guess they can have one star for good coffee.  Come to Wynn for clubbing, not eat, very very disappointed for this level of casino.~desserts coffee ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BxuCkMSfVl38uhCZ--aabA~My favorite neighborhood restaurant. Food is awesome and the staff is very friendly. Green Chili Pork and the Big Ass Burger are amazing with a Goose Island Belgian Style Ale.~pork burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~o7sb3qiomB6nuHZOsVsWSw~700 calories per $3 cupcake. Firstly expensive. Secondly with 700 cal, Prairie Girl what are you guys making... Cupcakes or BigMacs?! Honestly, the  cupcakes themselves are overloaded with frosting and the cake portion tastes plain nasty. I would not recommend this place at all. Save yourself the bad experience and go elsewhere.~cupcakes cupcakes cake ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~drDpZLseIf7M0iZiYsnl5A~The downtown location has turned into a dump!!!  Waited 1 hr for a beef sandwich.  People actually applauded when they called their order.  All trash cans were full and stacked with plates.  Sauce container was empty with plastic forks at the bottom that had fallen in.  The food was sloppy and they had a bunch of teenagers running the business.  The filth was gross!!  I used to be a fan but now I'm taking 1 yr off before I return!!~beef sandwich ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~6tPlN3t4YTLLinroF1rYuw~I have yet to taste better pakistani food in my life!  Lahore Tikka House is good, Ghandi Roti tasty but neither comes even close to the flavours served up at King Palace.  Give the ginger chicken a try (packs a punch of heat and complex flavor), bhaji kashmiri and and any of the curries.  We tend to order the 3 veg on rice and 3 meat with naan to go (both come with salad, yogurt dressing on the side and drink) and there is sooo much left over between 2 people even eating like complete pigs.    It usually comes out to around 20$, insane!  I am in love!  If you are eating in it's pretty no frills, more of a cafeteria style setting.  Parking out front and easy to walk to from bloor and yonge.  Make sure to get a plastic bag, that reddish oil seeping out of the containers is hell to get out of anything if it spills.~ginger chicken salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~MigB3TFosWbhOIOANIFuhQ~hands down - BEST buffet in Vegas! :)  The selection and quality of food really surpasses the other mediocre buffets. The selection is so vast that you can't taste everything there - so choose wisely! The best thing is that you can sample all types of foods from just ONE buffet. I tried so many things that I've been meaning to try from one trip to Wynn! Kobe beef sliders, cerviches, indian curry, smoked trout, korean kimchi, mexican salsa/guac, sushi, greek salads, brie, salami, pancakes, french toast, etc etc.. and thier dessert selection was immense!  The service is superb. You ask for hot tea, and you get a whole array of tea bags and honey to choose form. Order a coffee, you get a whole pot to yourself. You can have salads tossed for you and ice-cream dishes made for you on demand.   Go for lunch! Prices are decent~ 24 with tax and the food you get is very similar to dinner may be w o crab legs ~beef smoked trout, salsa/ sushi, salads, salami, pancakes, french toast, tea, tea honey coffee, salads 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rvlNrpw-2fSu4zRNRLG0xg~The atmosphere is great as well as the service. I had the burger and the Mac and cheese. The Mac n cheese and the fries were awesome! But the burger  was average as best. Overall above average.~burger mac and cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JqTjb6WEF5M5JxEafgMyGA~I love the cozy feel of Roaring Fork, but what's even better than the atmosphere is their incredible happy hour menu. I think they have one of the best happy hours in town, especially when they start their all-night happy hour during the summer months! That's right, I said all night happy hour! Their happy hour menu includes their signatures items including the pork stew, fish tacos and the Big Ass burger...and yes friends, it's truly a Big Ass Burger! Keep an eye on their updates because a little birdie told me that the all night happy hour is coming to town very soon!~pork tacos burger burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~Z86UMxhkV8DRwWU-3dRY4g~Prairie Girl Bakery is no doubt esthetically pleasing.  Clean, crisp and picture perfect cupcakes are displayed with an operation that resembles a magical cupcake factory that only Willy Wonka could conjure up!  Their cupcakes however, leave something a little less to the imagination.  The cake itself lacks flavour and could probably be replicated with a storebought cupcake mix.  The icing, (leaning on the sweeter side) is generous and satisfying.    Since opening, this little cupcake factory has definitely skyrocketed among the Bay-Street types with immense popularity and I don't see it fading any time soon.  Even bankers need a lil' bit of sugar with their latte's and for that, Prairie Girl delivers.~cupcakes cupcakes cake ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9VR6jCw-fqHh3-CMzxwkcg~Decided to finally try this place, so glad I did! I was really craving a lobster roll but they are only available for lunch and we arrived around 7. I knew I couldn't get one but was excited to eat there anyway. My boyfriend and I both ordered the special... Alaskan king crab legs caught by the people from The Deadliest Catch! It cost $100 for 2 dinners but so worth it. They cut the crab so the meat basically falls out on it's own. They were insane. So sweet so meaty. Red skin smashed potatoes and charred asparagus were the sides served the crab. Everything was delicious! We also enjoyed the mini crab cake appetizer, complimentary, thanks to checking in on Yelp :) The staff was friendly and knowledgable on the menu. We also had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Wholey, he came to our table and introduced himself. They have a nice selection of craft beers. I had an All Day session IPA and loved it. 5 stars no complaints!!~lobster roll asparagus crab cake ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~j1B2bzL2raHsHOy3eAaYPA~This is my new favorite place for Indian food in Toronto. They're open till 6 in the morning and are a great alternative to a 24 hour Mickeys for those late night cravings. They also have parking right in front of the restaurant and so that headache is taken care of. The food is excellent although some dishes are really oily. All the food including the kebabs is prepepared and heated up in a microwave before being served although i don't think it reduces the taste of the food too much and everything is still pretty delicious. The chicken shahi is one of the extra oily dishes. While it tastes really good, the amount of oil in it is disgusting and makes you feel a bit sick. The chicken tikka masala isn't what you'd expect. Instead of chicken tikkas thrown into a butter chicken like gravy, it has a completely different gravy that is a lot spicier and a bit too harsh for me. The Kashmiri chicken has methi (fenugreek) in it and since i hate anything thats green, this is my least favorite dish on the menu. I usually get the butter chicken though which i really love. It is still really heavy but tastes really good and doesn't seem to have the floating oil problem that a lot of the other dishes have. They also have a lot of dishes that most places don't have on their menu like haleem and even brain masala which is exactly what you think it is. I did get the mango lassi once but wouldn't recommend it. It wasn't thick like its supposed to be and was a bit of a waste tbh. Overall though i have never left kings palace unsatisfied and i believe almost everything on the menu is really good. Kings palace also seems to be pretty popular with the cabbies of Toronto and there are usually a couple of cabs parked outside. Their food is priced really well and so maybe that is a factor in involved. The combo system seems like the way to go with 2 naans, a drink and a salad along with your food coming up to about 12 bucks. They also have an option to have three dishes instead of one for the same price which seems like a really good deal except they're all still put into the same bowl and so by the end of it you're eating something that has a little bit of the other two dishes in it as well. My only complaint with kings palace is the bathrooms which are absolutely filthy and unfortunately a must to wash your hands after the butter chicken. I usually try to sneak into the ladies washroom which is a bit cleaner for some reason. Overall a great place and definitely a better bet than lahore tikka house which i never liked to begin with.~chicken chicken chicken butter chicken chicken butter chicken mango lassi salad butter chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UmUN3xNsG6h294r2NZojMQ~Forty dollars per person is pretty high for a Buffett.  This is just an average Buffett. I had the salad which tasted like it came out of a bag. It was ok.  We were there for Sunday brunch and had the orange juice-I was expecting fresh squeezed but it was not even something I wanted to drink, tasted like it came from a powder mix.  The French toast was very good but my coffee was bland and watery.  The croissants were excellent.  The freshly chopped up fruit is nice too but all in all a pricy Buffett for the overall quality of the food.~salad french toast coffee ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~B467kNv1WwSQBJlKJRmdYA~The absolute highest creativity and quality you'll find in Scottsdale.  All the regular items are wonderful and the rotating dishes like the BLT salad are outstanding.  The ribs - YES.  The barbequed chicken - OH YEAH.  The green chile mac and cheese - HMMMM.  In the dining room or bar (best deals), you'll love it.~salad ribs chicken mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~VHrebfF1MEOe5OYpt5nlvA~solid 4 stars  pro tip: go right before 1pm to get in for the transition where you get to try both brunch and lunch/dinner meals together!  they honestly had great prime rib and almost nothing else...however, the dessert section more than made up for it...green tea ice cream, creme brulee, panna cotta, tiramisu to die for~tea ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Qn0uG2yTzBVm8W5OQ0melg~Named one of the best buffets in Vegas, we were not disappointed. We came for the Monday holiday brunch, after going through the waiting line took ~40 minutes but I felt it was definitely worth the wait Decor of the main dining area is breathtakingly extravagant resembling an Alice in Wonderland setting where all the pieces are made of flowers however we were seated off to the side decorated in vibrant warm colors yellow orange reds With the exception of the sushi everything I ate tasted amazing was flavored and cooked well Their juice bar includes fresh mixed juice drinks I even overheard a gentleman asking for a pitcher of it The meats station offers many hot cuts of meat sliced to order The desserts are not overly sweet include interesting flavors of ice cream although I think some of the chocolate desserts are too much chocolate Overall service was pleasant and efficient My favorite dish was eggs in purgatory a poached egg yolk still runny plus points served atop a tomato mixture ~sushi, desserts ice cream, desserts egg ( tomato 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~3i-XOxgqzO2WmdTn0UHqOg~Cool Spot in a Hot Town. What a hidden treasure. This place has atmosphere, great service and "big ass" food. The service was tremendous sitting at the bar. We ordered the Big Ass Burger and shared it because it was one "big ass" burger. Ceiling fans and misters keep you nice and cool on the patio in temperatures over 100. The bartenders are friendly and deliver great service.  The food is out of this world.  We recommend the BLT salad and Big Ass Burger. Stop by this restaurant to cool your heels and fill your belly.~burger burger salad burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~jdfZ9gOzmPauCr3zicErqw~Went here for the first time for Sunday Brunch. Brunch without bottomless glass of mimosa or Bloody Mary was $37 per person. We arrived around 11am and was told it was an hour wait. I had friends rave that it's the best buffet in Vegas...so we waited. It was more like an hour and a half before we were seated.   The decor is lovely with colourful (albeit fake) flowers and the room is very bright with natural light.   I started with breakfast foods. Eggs Benedict was good, but I prefer the Bellagios hollandaise. Omelette made to order was the best part of the breakfast selections. Weirdly no type of breakfast potato or hash brown. (Actually now thinking back no potatoes of any kind at the carving station either). There was a fruit and yogurt bar for lighter choices and interesting little carafes of juices like watermelon ginger.  Returned to the table to find juice and coffee. OJ was fresh. Coffee not so much.   For the lunch options I tried their roast beef. The carver was spaced out and I had to ask repeatedly for a med-rare piece. He first placed well done on my plate without looking at me or listening to what I was saying. The piece I got was pretty good. I also tried their charcuterie board that had some nice salami and pickles.  By the time we got to the dessert station we were too full to enjoy. There is a homemade ice cream bar and lots of little pastries.   Overall tons of options of general good quality. Best in Vegas? Not for me, but if eating decent food until you break the elastic in your stretchy pants is your thing, this is a good option. For the price point, I'd rather have one course of seriously delicious food.~eggs benedict potato brown ginger coffee coffee beef salami pickles ice cream pastries ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~oVZpT0NdKxApXrsAUKpBqQ~Food was amazing, crab cake was phenomenal. We ordered the calamari, mussels, three rivers sushi entree, Maui mahi taco, mini crab cakes.  Everything came out great and tasty, except the mussels, while it tasted delicious, there were multiple dead and stinky ones.  A older gentleman walked around and talked to customers, and he asked how everything was and I told him. He said it would be taken off, however the manager (different person) took off 50% for the dish after we told the waiter that brought our check at full price. Now I don't care about the $7.50, but it's more about customer service. I've managed restaurants also, and I wouldn't ever refund for a dish if there was no problem and it's just the customer being difficult, but the mussels were dead and there's practically nothing inside, except for the lining of the mussel. Don't tell me you'd refund me for the dish that you made with dead mussels and then not do it. It's a matter of principle, the money is not an issue.  This is the first time visiting Pittsburgh, and I heard good things about this place. Food was good, customer service, not that great. And customer service/experience is a big part of my dining experience. Waiter was good though.~crab cake ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~h8wHXFALgloI0By4nh_4hw~Food was great. Macaroni noodles were maybe a little over cooked. I would stay away from the chicken was a bit dry. The pork is the best choice. Tall, bald, older man who seemed to be a manager was rude not only to me and other customers but I heard him chew out the bus boy.  I would go back but maybe a different hour in hopes to avoid the rude cashier/manager.~chicken pork ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n3hbehzq_Lut-rllTsihZA~Amaaaaaazzzing every time!!!!  4th  visit today.  Happy hour is ammmmmaaaaazzzing!!!!  I have had the chicken flat bread,  fish tacos,  and tonight  a special grit,  quacamole salsa cake that was a daily "special" !!! Those items are amazzzzzinggg !!!  Ingredients are fresh and the items are consistent every visit.  The huckleberry margarita is  amazzzzing every visit!!  The drinks are cheap during happy hour and definitely good!!!  Yeh!!  Best happy hour place in Scottsdale"!  My friend loves the "Big Ass Burger"!!~chicken tacos salsa cake burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Qj5XEKv1naLqTeax9P8FBA~This place is okay.  Food is fair, service fair but slow, drinks ( weak ), price a little high.  I have gone for happy hour a few times and the burger is good but after that very disappointing.  Modeled a little after Houston's that where the comparisons stop.... Food is nowhere near Houston's.  Drinks are all water and they charge you for a double if you order vodka on the rocks... Really!!!  My advise head down to old town.... It is 1 mile south!~burger ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5oSM_SiVLc8SdJ02mrNfOw~Ambience: Bright, colorful, and comfortable. The enticing colored furniture and unique chandeliers made this buffet stand out from The Spice Market Buffet. There are probably 5-6 large dining areas. The booths and the leather covered seats were very comfortable.   Service: The attentive staff was remarkable. Much better here than other buffets in Vegas. I ordered coffee, ginger ale, iced tea and water and the staff kept them coming and cleared the table when needed.  Food: THE MOST important thing about buffets is that the food MUST NOT BE OVERCOOKED and/or DRY(especially if you are going in late after the lunch or dinner rush)... Everything I tried was not at all those things. There were a few items that needed salt but I preferred adding my salt rather than eating an entree that was too salty. With buffets there are always certain items that are a hit or miss due to personal preferences. Highlights: Chilean Seabass- melted in my mouth!! It was an absolute a delicacy and my favorite. The red snapper was very delicate as well. The steak, salads, and breads were good. Out of all the desserts my favorite were the wonderful gelato/ice cream selection with a homemade crepe and the moist chocolate cake. FYI- they only serve crepes for dinner, so after 3:30pm. Also, since we had a late lunch the chefs had to turnover to dinner so they put out crab legs and other seafood items. The nice thing about this buffet is that they cut the legs in half so it's much easier to just pick the meat out of the open shell rather than having to deshell it yourself.  This is a pricier buffet but definitely worth trying at least once!  I will have to try some of the other buffets and come back to give this one an update.~coffee ginger tea steak salads breads desserts ice cream chocolate cake ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~PV9-pp1N2LvFb4hX473yyg~The Wynn Buffet is kind of a Sunday morning ritual for me - I like to go before 9:00 am while the club kiddies are still sound asleep - there's usually no line at all. The food choices may seem a bit exotic to visitors used to plainer fare at breakfast, but the omelet station is always reliable and the coffee is good. Meat selections are outstanding. Desserts are kind of a weak point - they tend to feature lighter, less sweet, pastry-like choices that may appeal more to dieters and Europeans than Americans who want their mega-blast of sugar. Service is excellent here, and you never have to wait long for drinks and refills. The dining areas are a lot nicer than in most other Strip buffets.   Price is a negative - the food is good but probably not quite good enough to justify the premium they charge over other buffets. Certainly if you are staying at the Wynn it's better to eat here than to walk to Venetian or TI just to save a few bucks.~coffee desserts ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SWoBUATdzQq8ybdnzEFZNQ~it's been a while since we've been back. and i'd have to say since sampling other happy hours, i have to renege my initial "best happy hour in town" excitement. it's a tad pricey for a happy hour menu...10-15 buck apps and drinks for 5 bucks. the fish tacos are tasty, and the ahi tuna was ok, not the best i've had.   we've been here half a dozen times since moving to scottsdale and it's always been a reliable place. especially for a higher priced dinner. i hear the 'big-ass' burger is very good. unfortunately, we'll probably stick to a happy hour that leaves our wallet a little happier somewhere else.~tacos tuna burger ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~QaF36hZcp5NQn6ZoNQiXvQ~Great tasting flavourful cupcakes.  I wish they offered more customizable options. They sometimes have an eod sale sale on Friday evenings where they sell they sell cup cakes at 50% off regular price which is worth it. They can be a tad too sweet for some people though.~cupcakes ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~hIkk7j_23ZIzpXi-SaXy3g~We were so excited to try this unique concept and it was excellent!!! We had the pizza cones and they were yummy!  We also had the fries and tornado fries...both were great. We tried the pizza and the crust was so delicious and crisp. And we had the mild wings and they were so great that we were sorry that we had only ordered 1 pound. The owner was so nice and friendly. We WILL DEFINITELY  be going back really soon. You should try this place out...you'll be very happy you did!~fries fries ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~88tw80pnH8JcAoy5vWgGrQ~OK, here's my try at a comparative review of the Bellagio & Wynn dinner buffets - the two highest rated of the Vegas casino buffets (& the priciest). Was lucky to try both during my trip - reading previous reviews, looks like food selection varies slightly daily. My review is based on what I ate - there was alot that I did not try.  Price - Bellagio is cheaper ($30) vs Wynn ($35)  Interior/Atmosphere - Liked Wynn better - garden decorations, more airy brighter & comfortable, less noisy. Bellagio layout seemed more packed & noisy.  Service - Wynn servers were faster & more attentive and efficient (refills, plate  removal, coffee).   Food - Crab goes to Bellagio. Wynn only had split King Crab. Bellagio had King Crab & Snow crab. Both served the crab split & cold - straight from the box (Wynn server kept refilling the buffet straight from the box, they could have done this better). Flavor of both about the same, both very fresh tasting. Wynn provided drawn butter - Bellagio did not.  Shrimp was tie - great at both places.  - Red Meat goes to Wynn. Wynn prime rib was seasoned better - Bellagio tasted like any other buffet. Both offered leg of lamb but was dry. Bellagio offered Kobe sirloin - not memorable. Wynn offered lamb t-bone & osso bucco, both dry.  - Sushi goes to Bellagio. Wynn did not offer. Bellagio also offered Steak tartar - was not appealing or tasty.  - Salad/Fruit/Cheese/Cold meats - tie. I did not eat any green salads or fruit. Salad layouts looked great - I'd rate them a tie. Wynn had cold meats - very nice. Cheese at Bellagio was very nice (esp for dessert).  Desserts goes to Wynn. Preparation of the deserts was better & more variety - loved the mango lychee tapioca. Wynn had more variety & was nicely presented in individual plastic flutes. Coffee was hot at Bellagio, Wynn was warm.  In summary - Close Tie based on food alone. After trying both, I'm happy to report that both had very nice buffets & can highly recommend them both. If you are crunched for time & need to pick one, go for Wynn - based on atmosphere & service.~coffee butter shrimp lamb lamb sushi steak salad cheese salads salad cheese desserts mango lychee coffee ~4 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~3Kji5RCyA5KebkGU2NWYlQ~Great place for Cuban food. It's a little, ahem, north for Southern Vegas peeps but definitely worth checking out. Like many other great restaurants in Vegas, the place is tucked inside a weird strip mall. But don't let that deter you.  It's on the smaller side and casual.  I had the ropa vieja (shredded beef) sandwich, which was really, really, REALLY good. I love ropa vieja but it was particularly tasty here; not too salty and very tender.  My husband had the pork sandwich but kept trying to eat off my plate. (That's how good the ropa vieja was.) I didn't taste the beans (not a fan of black beans), but hubby said they were also good.  We also had maduros, which were equally tasty and Materva, Cuban soda that has a citrus-y flavor. By the time we were done, we were too stuffed to get dessert.   Note, this food is good but if you're looking for healthy or cholesterol free....uh, this may not be the place for you. But you'll definitely be missing out!~beef sandwich pork sandwich black beans ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~s6_Yls_m7nFMoY976diC-Q~Ok, I gave Graze a 4 because for brunch, they're probably about a 3. But the Graze burger is a surefire 5. I'd skip brunch here and just save room for dinner. The graze burger is honestly one of the better things I've ever tasted.I mean.....  fresh ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs, caramelized onions, Worcestershire-cabernet jus, Swiss Emmental compound butter, SarVecchio sesame brioche, with fries & aioli (Modify to GF/DF)  For brunch, I was fooled into getting the pub burger, thinking it was the Graze burger. DO NOT MAKE THIS MISTAKE. The pub burger is just a burger. The Graze burger is otherworldly. The beet salad is also really nice. The curds are probably top 5 curds in Madison, and I LOVE the truffle popcorn.  Ok so for brunch, I've had the chicken fried steak, and others have gotten the pub burger and the corned beef hash. All of them were pretty good, but the portions aren't too large. The chicken fried steak is definitely a favorite of mine, but I wouldn't hate if it were a little bigger.  It's pretty tough to get a table at Graze- you should always have someone go at least 30 minutes ahead of when you want to be seated to put in your name (they don't take call ahead reservations). One nice thing is that they'll take your number and text you when your table is ready, so you can explore the area around the capitol while you wait. Also the people-watching from the tables is top-notch. I usually will wait a few more minutes to be seated against the windows. Last thing is that the wait staff comes off as a little pretentious... I've found that it's very hit or miss. Sometimes we'll get someone really relatable and nice, and other times there will be people that I imagine rolling their eyes at me as soon as they turn around. Also what's up with the tiny dishes of ketchup?! I'll take the full bottle, please.~burger burger bacon ribs swiss butter fries burger burger burger burger burger beet salad popcorn chicken fried steak ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~5r7XlelUEDU-z8monF-BMA~I was here when I was celebrating a birthday. We ordered a delicious aged mac and cheese with panko breadcrumbs. Absolutely delicious. Great atmosphere. Open concept, glass tables, and superb lighting.~mac and cheese ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~5SxgH_FdaV2B5zAcIOxRwQ~Had lunch here and was amazed by the food and all the options. The menu had a nice selection for vegetarians. I loved the potato taquitos. Went back for dinner the next day. Only downside is the place had a small smell of old beer.~potato taquitos ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~hTgLp7Gn4g1MQ9VVL2dq0w~This place was recommended to me by several colleagues that have visited Madison and I am glad I checked it out. There is a very fancy french restaurant to the left of Graze (Etoile) but this one is a little more casual.   We had the mac and cheese with pulled pork and the "The Graze Burger" which had "fresh ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs, caramelized onions, cabernet jus, sesame seed-SarVecchio brioche, fries." I didn;t really think for a $21 burger that it was that amazing. I also would have preferred a stronger cheese because you really couldn't taste the servicchio cheese that was baked into it.   Something that did kind of bother me is that we asked for the onions on the side for my friend but it came with the onions on the burger. When I mentioned this to the server he said "Well does he have a food allergy or just not like onions?" In my opinion it shouldn't matter what the issue was, we asked for onions on the side and it should have been taken back and corrected. My friend was cool about it and said he would just scrape them off. The server was otherwise pretty helpful and friendly.~mac and cheese ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~TWPCPnlbiOwwItKdUQJK8Q~I have to steer myself away from here every time I am in the building during lunch time. Prairie Girl offers a ton of flavours (including your usual vanilla, chocolate, red velvet in addition to some daily special ones).  The large cupcakes are $3.50 and they come in a cute little box which make the perfect gift for someone.. you can also purchase a plastic message with *Happy Birthday* and what not for $0.50. They also have the perfect plastic bags for different cupcake box sizing to prevent the cupcakes from tilting... which is great as a lot of us commute home after work and bring these delicious cupcakes with us!  As others have said, their cupcakes are literally 1:1 ratio of icing and cake..which is exactly what I like.. now if only cupcakes weren't so bad for me... :$.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~DPZsPm2Llrt2nzCYp4B4-w~This place was really nice with high ceilings. My friends and I went for dinner around 9:45 pm on a Saturday night and as it was late, we were seated immediately.  I didn't have any drinks but my friends did and they said there was a large variety and they were pretty good. They also served beer in wine glasses which was interesting. The entire back of the menu listed where the restaurant obtains each ingredient which reminded me of portland.   We started off with an order of cheese curds with ranch. They were absolutely delicious and cheesy! They tasted amazing with the ranch. I think the full portion ($9) would be too much for 2 ppl FYI (assuming you each have a main course coming). For my main meal, I got the "Moules Frites" ($17) which was a huge bowl of mussels in a tomato white wine sauce. It was a tiny bit spicy but it was pretty good! The waitress convinced me to get bread for an extra dollar to dip with but i thought the bread was too hard and didn't absorb the mussel sauce very well so I would not recommend that. The fries tasted really good with the garlic aioli sauce as well. My hubby got the "Graze Burger" ($21) with a salad. He said the burger was pretty good but he wouldn't get it again for $21... It was a bit pricey. I had a bite of my friends Mac and cheese, it tasted pretty good too but I would not get the pulled pork with it.   Also, the waitress charged all of us a 20% service charge. I'm used to an 18% service charge for big parties and we would have tipped her 20% anyway but it was just unusual. We also split 3 orders of cheese curds among 10 ppl and she charged each of us 3/10 appropriately and gave us all separate checks which was nice! Overall, it was a nice dinner!~cheese tomato white fries garlic burger salad burger mac and cheese ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~frYYWyY1sO_Jj7gOLQF9dA~I have to give props to Chef Beau McMillan for doing "fusion"  right. "Fusion" is a dime a dozen nowadays, and only a few can do it well. For dinner, I highly suggest the salmon with the udon noodles, if it is available (menu changes depending on what's in season). And for dessert, please try the banana concoction. It is just divine! So, yes, I'm a big fan of Chef Beau (he is not pretentious and seems fun). Afterall, he did beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef.~salmon banana ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kjytXM07vWPLE69BMF5u7w~So unbelievably delicious! This was my third visit to Roaring Fork even though I don't live here. I keep coming back because the food is always good but last night our meal was my favorite so far.   I ate 2 new creations from the executive chef. The beet salad was the best beet salad I've ever had. And yes,  I've had a lot of beet salads! Red and gold beets cooked in their wood fire grill served with an amazing citrus infused whipped goat cheese and chive oil made in-house with pine nuts.  The second was the pork belly that was just divine. In addition we ordered the green chili mac and cheese. While this is not one of the executive chef's creations it really is a delicious dish and now I know how it's made. Roasted poblanos blended with spinach. To die for!  Go to Roaring Fork and sit by the kitchen so you can talk to the executive chef. It will enhance your experience greatly if you're a true foodie.~beet salad beet salad beet salads cheese pork mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~836cG61iz6EvC9urThSowg~Great happy hour and great service!  Big A$$ burger was excellent - certainly enough to split between two. We'll be back for this when a burger craving arises. Pork sliders and chicken flatbread were very tasty too.  A bit of an older crowd upon the start of the 4pm happy hour (NOTHING wrong with that, simply noting).~burger burger pork chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~pwjSxwA8t9_x8tR9TNN_tQ~Good service, you pay after eating. Creative idea with pizza cone, got BBQ chicken and Hawaiian. Was a little cold in the middle, but delicious anyways! Onion rings are solid too. Limited seating, around 3 tables.~bbq chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~g83cyvxr7V3Oj5t4-Y8UVg~the pizza cones has a great amount of filling, it looks small but very filling. the cone is a but too crunchy and less soft like actual pizza crust, but I don't mind.  the tornado fries is so yummy, Crispy exterior with a chewy centre. The onion rings are big with a very nice crunchy shell.   Staff was very friendly, didn't rush us or anything, we paid after we were finished eating.  there are 3 bar tables with 4 chairs each. tastes better dined in.   check-in on the yelp app for a discount!~fries onion rings ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~KTxNVTtcJhaBEqWt-bQpig~I want to love Elements so much. Because I do love it. Parts of it. Well, one part, to be exact. The scenic view. It really is only good at sunset in one of the booths around the edges with, yes, THE VIEW. It's pretty much the only reason to come to Elements.  The interior has a very modern, contemporary feel (and decor and art to go along with it). We shared the filet mignon and a salmon dish (which was not even wild, a real turn-off for me for this caliber of restaurant), both of which were good, tasty, but, honestly, I wasn't that impressed with either dish. From the appetizer, salad, and dessert that we had, I kind of got this impression with every dish...you can't really go wrong, but don't expect to be totally blown away by the food itself either, considering how well-regarded on a whole it seems to be by the critics. I thought service was lacking, perhaps too busy and not enough/overworked staff.   If you come here with good company and orchestrate the view, you're probably set with just that. Just don't focus on the food or your server, otherwise you'll lose the mirage.~salmon salad ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~njByaW6hE6pwFEX6bO7OHg~YUP, here again !!   Their seafood is so fresh and they make an amazing bloody mary!!  Gee, what more do you want in a seafood restaurant.   Staff is always very friendly and helpful, place is clean and I love the outdoor seasonal seating.     Went for a late lunch, as I always do and ordered crab cake app., it was 95% crab meat with a tiny bit of binder to hold it together, super good.  Their shrimp is always HUGE and weather I get it cooked or cocktail it tastes amazingly fresh.  They have a $12-13 lunch special menu which we ordered the Ahi Tuna with wasabi sauce; another hit.  I got a few raw oysters ... because I just can not pass up their yummy brineyness-as always.  Downed a crisp shrimp Caesar salad with a flavorful anchovy dressing.    Aside from their totally rocking bloody marys, today we ordered a Paloma; a very refreshing grapefruit/lime/tequila drink.  I like it better than a Margarita, just make sure you get it with WHITE tequila (Blanco) it is MUCH better, I promise you that.    The only issue I have with Luke Wholey's is the food is so delicious, I want to try everything so...... When we go for lunch, our bill with tip is usually around $80.00.  I am not saying they are overpriced, just so darn good that we order many plates to share and ...well.... it adds up fast.  That being said, at other establishments, I have had awful food and terrible services and paid the same.  I Do NOT mind dropping a few on awesome food and service.  We will be back Luke Wholeys !!!  Sure will.~crab cake ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~uPBa8dSzpfA7wD9tfEexdQ~I just need to start out by saying... BEST HAPPY HOUR ever! Especially in the winter, it is just so cozy! The Big A$$ burger is $10 and absolutely incredible. I DO encourage you to share it because it is MASSIVE (hence the name). I am also a huge fan of their guacamole ($7) and wedge salad ($6). Cocktails and wine are $5 and I highly recommend getting the huckleberry frozen margarita. Two of them will send you off smiling from ear to ear. :) Roaring Fork is one of the best places in town when you're comparing quality, quantity & price! Enjoy!~burger salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~j5HMiyA2x22N0u5hJwK47A~Someone should have told me about this happy hour! This really is the best value for happy hour that I have ever seen. You get food off their regular fantastic menu at a discounted price and they don't skimp and give you tiny portions like many places do for happy hour. I shared the "big ass burger"  and the green chili pork and they were both really good. The burger really is huge but really good and comes with fries. The green chili was good spicy and flavorful and I want to go back for more!   Drinks, they have about 5 signature drinks for happy hour that are $5 and a few wines as well. Great value. The guava mojito was amazing and I could have had several! The margarita was a dissappointment, too much sour mix. Stick with the mojitos! They are great. This really didn't feel like happy hour with the full meal we had at such a great price for such a nice restaurant. Service was good and not pushy or trying to rush you at all which is a nice change! I will be back very soon!~burger pork burger fries guava ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SlR7mVzb6goCs5IckYQghg~The "Big Ass" burger was delicious I would recommend that to anyone. This was my first time and I was very much pleased. Would definitely come back and have dinner here.~burger ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~6GJEZc8dkFx3QZDTCetYBw~Went with a friend for lunch before a holiday performance. We arrived a few minutes late for our reservation, but they had our table prepared and ready. After waiting a few more minutes than I thought we should have, our waiter acknowledged us and, from there the service was fine - attentive without being intrusive.  My friend ordered the salmon beet salad and thoroughly enjoyed it. The salmon was cooked to the desired temperature She was pleased with how the citrus worked with the other elements of the salad. I had the crab cake sandwich. While the flavors were good, the middle of the sandwich was refrigerator cold. Hopefully, this was an isolated incident and not a matter of overall inconsistency.   I would go back again to give the restaurant another chance.~salmon beet salad salmon salad crab cake ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JFDuY7548V5rWPn4kWFlow~Seriously!? Food this great at a buffet?? I will go to this buffet during every trip to Las Vegas. It was like eating at a 5 star restaurant. Pretty much everything was amazing. Not too over-seasoned, under-seasoned, or dry. All the dishes melted in your mouth and left you wanting more. I cleared every single plate and bowl I brought to the table. I even finished their huge coffee cup full of coffee.. it was delicious.. not like other brewed coffees. It's a little expensive but it's worth it for what you get. You can ask the chefs to customize any dish due to preference/allergy and they'll make it on the spot. This restaurant is worth the trip.. just try to eat a lot to make up for the cost.~coffee coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~r2oQivz1bCC5aaqYx12L4A~Graze is my favorite local gastropub. It's a great place to take just about anyone--they have dressed-up and dressed-down options, and they can adjust their menu to accommodate everything from veganism to gluten intolerance. Plus, half the dinner menu changes every month or two, so you can go back repeatedly and not see the same things. The other half of the dinner menu stays put, so you have some go-tos if you aren't into options accompanied by root vegetable puree. It can get a little pricey, but there are also cheaper options, so it works out.   Some of my favorites include the Graze burger and the bibimbap (a spicy Korean dish that's basically meat or tofu + veggies + rice), both of which are on the perennial menu. For appetizers, you can't beat the cheese curds, but the deviled eggs and popcorn sure try. And for dessert, treat yourself to some milk and cookies. They take a bit because they fresh bake them, and they're worth every minute of the wait.   Besides dinner, Graze has a decadent brunch menu (Nutella French toast, anyone?) and an inventive drinks menu that changes often. They also locally source everything they can.~burger tofu appetizers cheese popcorn milk cookies french toast ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6pHytgFUqdn6kAibNlLcHQ~I went there with a group of friends to try their happy hour menu but that was only available at the bar. We didn't really cared about it so we say at one of the tables. I got a guava mojito and the 'big-ass' burger. I thought the guava mojito was very delicious but the burger was not so great. The burger was very dry. I heard great things about this place but the food was just okay. To top it off, the service wAs bad. Our server was an A-hole and he kept on pushing us to order appetizers even though we already said we were going to wait for our friend. Was he thinking that we were not going to get any food??~guava burger guava burger burger appetizers ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~w_Ezv_cX5RzEuwdKsmDuxQ~Amazing Indian food, loved the butter chicken and the fresh naan bread. They are open all night!!  Until 6am~butter chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FYcuBnku9xC7IjD_h6tQlg~I've visited Graze a few times since it opened and enjoyed everything! I'm a vegetarian and I agree that there should be at least one additional meatless sandwich and/or entree. We've loved the popcorn, the bread basket, the deviled eggs, both the wedge and beet salads, and the sundae. Those all make a perfect, comforting meal in my mind! Go in with a plan to actually graze rather than stuff yourself and expect to pay slightly less than you would at L'etoile, you'll leave happy.~sandwich popcorn beet salads ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rtf0cNCxaXIHJ-D2BYQtPw~Well what you know. The day after writing a review on Harvey's I got the burger itch. Luckily my good friend was down to meet up for a quick bite. My review is based only on the burger, haven't had anything else or been there before.  "Big Ass Burger" and yes it was. It's 4 hours later and I'm still full. Be ready to make room for this if you're planning on eating it by yourself. I'm guessing it's somewhere around 12oz of top grade sirloin with bacon and the usual fixings. I asked for mine on the side, as I've said before I prefer to taste just the meat, cheese, and bun when I eat burgers. I had a couple bites with the bacon and it was pretty good, didn't overpower it like bacon usually does, but still liked it just plain. Great flavor, great quality meat, cooked perfectly, and super juicy. I could have used a touch more cheddar, but it was ok. Fries were just right too, crispy extra battered style. Washed it down with a Fat Tire and I left a happy man.  If you can make it during happy hour, it's prob best way to go since the $9 price tag is much more manageable. I think it's $12-14 otherwise. Ambience was okay, similar to a Houston's, Bandera, etc vibe.  I will most definitely be back when the craving returns.  And yes...that's prob by next week.~burger burger burger bacon cheese burgers bacon bacon fries ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~h_6aDVcw9W1xm4gWe5044Q~Went with a large group so we had to wait for a little while which we expected so no biggie.  The staff were polite and the waitress was quick especially with such a large group.  For apps we ordered the Truffled popcorn, fried cheese curds, cheeese and meat plate and the deviled eggs.  The popcorn was good but really it was just ok not great or amazing and not something I would really order again.  The deviled eggs were good nothing over the top but I would order these again.   The fried cheese curds were pretty good, not sure what to compare these to since it was my first time trying it.  The dish that had everyone raving was the Rainbow Trout and Muscles.  Three different people had this and there wasn't a drop of anything left on their plate. Someone also had the tofu korean bip bop and thought it was unique and a good vegetarian option.  The view is kinda the iceing on the cake with the capital building all lit up at night it's a great.~popcorn cheese popcorn cheese tofu cake ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~DOC_sYUJ01PyORHozbVyiA~This place is awesome!!! I found a new hang out YAY!!!  So the happy hour is really really good. Here's What I got   Kettle of pork Carmita's with melted jack cheese and bettered flour tortillas   7.00!! = This pork literally melts in your mouth this was the most tender meat I have ever had. I wouldn't have though to order pork I'm soo glad I did. I was also surprised I wouldn't have thought of this place as having mexicanish food?  The tortillas were sooo thin and soft and buttery. Very good dish, perfect for 2.  Fish tacos 9.00 = This was very good, I have never in my life ever ever ever ordered fish tacos, since I hate fish. It was grouper   and  it came with very fresh avocado and thin sliced red onion and a very good salsa. The salsa was like blended, so it wasn't the typical tomato chunks salsa.    They also have a 7.00 "big ass burger" Yes, that's really what they call it.  I saw everyone order it and every time they brought one out I got jealous.  It was about the width off two burgers and came with a side of fries that looked soo good. They too were served in a kettle and were very thin but not the crispy gross thin ones.   We came in before they opened at like 2 and we were told that happy hour is when they open at 4pm.   This guy came in at that time and was telling us how he couldn't wait until 4 because they have the best burger ever.   So I'm excited to try more off the menu and especially try the burger~pork cheese tortillas pork pork tortillas tacos tacos avocado onion salsa salsa tomato salsa burger burgers fries burger burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-1WjG7YHC5NjBDKa2dmArg~This was my first time to this place and probably the last! When you walk in to any service business you expect a certain amount of kindness and professionalism. Well not here. we were met with a rude cashier who kept screaming NEXT as if there was no one in line. Next I saw all these signs telling you what you can't do in this place like do not dump anything in the soda dispenser drain and check your order before you leave and so on. Finally when we were able to place a order the extremely rude cashier seemed so irritated that we actually had the nerve to enter this place that she had no desire to even take our order or answer any questions that we had. The price was decent but on the expensive side, 20 dollars for 2 people without drinks. So we finally get our order and knowing that i have to check my bag because i read the sign that had it printed in BOLD letters, I noticed that I was missing my potato salad. So the rude cashier looks over and says WHAT. And I said I'm missing my potato salad so she opens the cooler and basically throws it at me with very good accuracy as if she has done this many times. So then my brother asked her if she missed his potato salad also and she screams out I DON'T KNOW CHECK YOUR BAG, As if she has somehow forgotten what she put in there 30 seconds ago.   Bottom line food is good but it's not worth the effort you have to go through to get it. The staff is so bad that I will go out of my way to go somewhere else. The owners should be aware that the service of this place has gotten to the point that people won't even go there so they don't have to deal with the worst service they have ever had. In todays economy where people are choosing carefully where to spend their money you need to have something special and this place should put up a big sign that says:  GO AWAY WE DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY!!!!!  They will never get anymore of mine.~potato salad ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~KhpGJYmR2H3rs_ogjjPjCw~I would agree that this place is a 3 star restaurant for sure. No paper towels in the men's room. NO BEEF?!?!??!! For real?! I mean, how can you call yourself a BBQ place, if you don't even have BEEF. I mean, last time I checked there was no National Beer Shortage. The pork was a little bland but the BBQ sauce was good. The chicken was OK, but made the bun soggy, and not from the sauce. And the potato salad was ok. We will probably not visit again, unless we have to.~beef beef pork chicken potato salad ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tqr9pTBTFqQMTsOcRRDMSQ~Managed to grab a car for the evening and immediately hopped on Yelp to see what's good in Scottsdale! Roaring Fork is on the ground level of a generic office park. I later realized that this is a chain restaurant!  The interior was upscale. I tried my coworker's ribs and have to admit that it was the best part of the entire meal!  The Big Ass Burger was so big that I finished maybe 1/2 of it? I ordered it medium rare and it looked like it was still half alive... Maybe I'll order medium next time...  The Seared Ahi Tuna was good, although somewhat bland.  The green chili was good. The warm soft tortillas were a nice touch and the chili had a slight kick to it.  Service was top notch from a uniformed waiter.  Make sure to check out the loo, it's just like the one at the office! ;)~ribs burger tuna tortillas ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~2qy369dyY6LVLCwHHRaEuw~We arrived in Vegas pretty late in the day and we were dog tired, so we decided to just eat at the Wynn Buffet since we were staying there.  When we arrived at the line, it was close to 9pm and they were closing at 10... The line was also about an hour long!!  But we noticed the sign that gives you cuts if you are staying at the Wynn or if you are a Red Card Holder... so we just walked straight in!  The buffet is really pretty... it is decorated with a victorian flower decor that looks like it would be a tea house of some sort... the buffet itself is also very pretty and the food is put out in a plated fashion rather than pans of food all piled up...  There was a huge line for the seafood/sushi side, so I was pretty excited that there was gonna be something good... Why would people wait in a line that long unless its something good?  so... i waited in that line... and what they were mainly waiting for were crab legs... disappointing!  They do have a lot of great foods including a pasta bar, a pho bar, pizza, meat, sandwiches, and a great dessert line up including gelatos, ice cream, made to order crepes, and cupcakes!  I'm not a buffet type of girl but I'm glad we got to try it since we didn't have to wait in the long ass line.~tea sushi pasta sandwiches ice cream cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FwcIMvLDRKCqdadPRWrwPg~Food was tasty but heavy - mac and cheese, cheese sampler and cheese curds were delicious but the house burger was wonderfully flavorful yet straight up soggy with grease.  Ordered two of the quirkily named game of thrones cocktails and honestly both tasted like medicine. Drank two sips and tossed the rest. Stay away.  The place had a nice ambiance and attentive service though so overall decent experience.~mac and cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PHAMMK-JXpOM_ZbCULrnww~I went here for happy hour with my group of girls on a thursday after work. We got a table on the patio right away and really had a great time. The prices were *amazing* and so was the food, and now I'm dying to go back and have a full dinner here as well. Everything tasted amazing, but my favorite was the fondue lamb chops. We got something like 5 appetizers (including the big ass burger), 3 drinks and 1 dessert for around $65.  The only thing that was a bit lacking was the service. Two times the gal walked away as we were still trying to tell her what we wanted, and my friend's soup didn't come with our first round of appetizers so she had to reorder it when we ordered burgers.~lamb appetizers burger soup appetizers burgers ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8b1AU6rgXoJ0WtcMUAMt2g~Great place for Happy Hour!  They have delicious margaritas and the Big Ass hamburger is second to none.  A must stop anytime I'm in Scottdale.~hamburger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aqRgFLBmWT8z0k_2ShScxQ~We ate here twice for breakfast and the food and value were truly outstanding. A nice selection of seafood, sausage, bacon, rolls, pancakes, waffles, etc and more exotic breakfast fare like crab cakes and enchiladas. The food taste and quality varied from "hmm, not bad at all" to "WOW! That's great"   Alas, our first visit was marred by vacant service, to the point my honey had to fetch water herself from a bus station. Also, observed a bus boy fling a wet rag across the room to another bus boy, (who looked shocked and embarrassed) Getting coffee took hand singles and a flare gun.   Its just odd that such a great property as the Wynn has such big blemishes at times. Its like walking down the Yellow Brick Road and stepping in pot holes.~sausage bacon pancakes honey coffee ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~S25vhqXhUGdRMGl4z_zokQ~Happy hour here is great. High quality food for very little money. The service was prompt and friendly. I had the Big Ass burger. It was good once I removed the thick onion slice and the pepper.~burger onion ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CDCMzC9hJOTqgn7yPpVybQ~We've come here for Happy Hour over the last 7yrs and to be honest, it's no longer impressive. $10 for a burger isn't really a happy hour price. While their happy hour food is great, it's really not worth the price. The drinks aren't really awesome either. I don't think I'll waste my time on this happy hour anymore. If I come, it will be for a nice, expensive dinner inside ;)~burger ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~opV1yv3weuTm7pQrWSLdVA~Worth the hourlong wait until seated for Wynn's lunch buffet? YES! Delicious, and stations had different/varied selections of meats, mac & cheese, & more when we returned for second helpings.   Cons:  the Muzak/ elevator music! And, although waitstaff brings an entire pot of coffee to the table, it was weak for our tastes, and we always had to ask for water refills. Observed one diner get up from his table to refill his empty glass from the water pitcher at the server station. I was tempted to take the entire water pitcher for our table.~cheese coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eYq1Pm3w-BKdAJnrLfXx7Q~YUM! YUM! YUM! YUM!   As a visitor to Madison, I ate with some work colleagues at Graze on a Monday evening.  We were lucky enough to start our dinner during happy hour (great local beers at buy one -get one? Ok, I'll have a few).  Not only was the drink and beer list artisanal, there was a fine selection of wines as well--something for all diners.  Even though it was busy were were able to snag a reservation and have a great, centrally located table for 10.  Our service was impeccable, as was the meal.  We started with a few appetizers--deviled eggs, pickle platter and the vodka-battered cheese curds. All delicious, I really liked the presentation and selection of pickles, but the true star was the vodka-batter cheese curds.  I had tried curds a few other places (all good), but these were next-level--super light and crispy batter with the stringy, fresh hot curd.  I STILL dream about these a month later.  I might be able to live off these alone for a month or so (until my hear gave out).  Dinner was great. I was torn between the lamb and the mac and cheese with pork--the waiter was very helpful in describing the various dishes, and I decided while in Wisconsin, better eat as much cheese as possible. The mac and cheese was very rich, great sauce and al dente pasts topped with a large amount of bbq-sauced pork. The sweetness of the bbq sauce played well against the richness of the cheese.  Really good.  If I am ever lucky enough to be back in Madison, I want to try the bibimbap--several diners with me got it and raved about it.  The gnocci also looked light and delicious (and lived up to their appearance according to another dining companion).  The dessert list was very tempting, but after several beers and a dairy cow's daily cheese production, I opted for affogato (ice cream topped with espresso)--delicious end to a great meal.~appetizers cheese pickles cheese lamb mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ENbkZ9pOzja30mddT1rW2A~I admit I was skeptical about this buffet, but hey girl, HEY...it's delicious! Fresh and healthy dishes, plenty of options, and not your typical casino buffet. The space is very clean, staff are incredibly kind and helpful, and buffet prices are very reasonable. They have everything--a variety of salads, hummus, babaganoush, sushi, various meat options, chile verde, beans, Chinese short ribs, ox tail soup, and more!   Unlimited wine and beer, and champagne/mimosas on Fridays for prime rib brunch?! Yes!   The dessert station has a wonderful array of choices, some are gluten free, and they post the ingredients for each item. Try the coffee gelato!~salads sushi ribs soup coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8Fxx23hj9qMnyKa-Ti3wJg~Roaring fork has a great happy hour.  I really liked the huckleberry margarita.  I did try the "big ass burger" because so many people have told me that I have to try it.  I actually wasn't impressed.  I would probably come back with friends for happy hour but I don't think I would take visiting guests here for dinner.  The restaurant is really nice and seems cozy.~burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~uUXDAmU00aFJ4ydxb8cEeQ~Went on a Sunday for brunch, minus the champagne, $25 or $29? per person. This was our first stop in Vegas, famished.  We were fed, but THE BUFFET is overrated. It has all that you would expect from a Las Vegas Buffet--crab legs, shrimps, sushi, ribs, beef, etc.--but I expected much more.  My favourites were the beef, which was so tender, and the garlic bakchoy. The decor was beautiful. The service was great as well, but I went to Cravings at Mirage for $20 lunch and it was more intimate, less crowded for my liking.  Pet peeve: better coffee, please!~shrimps sushi ribs beef beef garlic coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~jYlfcEE_4MP7DjpecX-A8A~Visited the Wynn buffet for brunch on a Saturday. Stood through the usual line and was seated in requested dining area. I was underwhelmed by the brunch buffet, and would only consider visiting for normal lunch or dinner. We paid ~ 33 person For this I would rather go out for a nice brunch where I can specify a dish and it be made to order for me It felt like this brunch buffet s dazzle effect wore off The atmosphere was clean and service responsive The main buffet area is dimly lit which makes me feel like I m walking into a cave or a recovery bubble after a long Vegas night Overall the stations are kept clean and well stocked There were a number of stations dedicated to breakfast offerings such as fresh pancakes eggs and egg whites bacon french toast and smoked salmon and bagels Consider coming here on a weekday if you would like to avoid these dishes Now back to lunch There was two soup offerings There were salad options including a glass filled with cherry tomatoes celery and carrots The celery had brown on it There was a mescaline red beet and tangerine salad in individual serve dishes There was a charcuterie areas with two types of cheeses and two types of salamis smoked mozzarella and a plain looking yellow cheddar This was really disappointing because I can get these offerings at home from a supermarket The meat offerings were carved ham carved prime rib and carved turkey breast All of these meats were delicious and I would say highlights of the buffet Seafood was limited only bulk shrimp were available There were a variety of international stations as well Asian with wontons and a congee stand Mexican inspired and Japanese with sushi The variety is great but none of the dishes were amazing which defeats the purpose of having such a variety An example of this is the shrimp tempura sushi There was very little shrimp tempura and avocado and A LOT of rice No one eats maki rolls for the rice I would have preferred to see a number of well executed dishes vs a few highlights and a bunch of mediocre food for the masses reminiscent of standards that nice Chinese buffets now even surpass Dessert stations was very large My favorite was the bread pudding hands down best of the mini desserts All of these mini cakes look very beautfiul and appealing but they don t taste amazing or like desserts worth eating This go around they had a raspberry cake strawberry shortcake chocolate cake etc Another notable dessert was a tapioca pudding with a passion fruit glaze yum ~pancakes, egg bacon, french toast, smoked salmon 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tIVNOpDbZlB5dIHkWfqUcQ~+1 star - Price: $26.99 for buffet lunch in one of Vegas's nice hotels isn't a bad price in my opinion   +2 star - Ambiance: love love love the whole vibe of the restaurant! Very whimsical like "Alice in Wonderland". I'm a sucker for fleurs so I enjoyed the dining room experience very much. My favorite part of the restaurant hands down!  +1 star - Service: waiter was fast and very attentive; always asked between plates if he can grab anything else for my party.   -2 star - Food: selection of meats and desserts were great! Enjoyed the unlimited Korean bbq, as well as the banana/toffee/caramel cakes (pairs well with coffee). HOWEVER, I ate some dishes from their seafood selection (shrimp shumai more specifically) and that night I got FOOD POISONING and spent my last evening in Vegas stuck in my hotel room.~desserts banana caramel coffee shrimp ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~OpUv-caiIV1RfnD4rQ_gTw~This was probably one of the best buffets I've eaten at. The only complaint I have is the RIDICULOUSLY long lines. There's an inside and outside line so note that the inside line takes about an hour. so for the Christmas eve dinner we had to wait a total of 2.5 hrs starting at like 4:30pm. Even though I wanted to poke my eyes out and pull my hair out of restlessness, the food was pretty damn worth it.   Crepes. Gelato. Prime rib and Precracked crab that makes it easier and faster to eat.   Salad bar was really yummy but they overdress it a little bit.   After dinner coffee wasnt too bad either for a buffet.   Holiday Price was $50 though -___-'' extra $10-12 or something for the VIP line. Maybe you can go gamble and win that extra $10 so you can save yourself 2.5 hrs of waiting.~salad coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iLPEilGtWNfECjDgZOBq6w~OMG   GRAET VALUE!  The happy hour here is awesome. Do try their big Ass burger as it's the best! The ambience, service and every  item we ordered was most excellent !  Inexpensive drinks too.  Happy hour is first come first serve....and busy as the word is out. Get there early!~burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~uE7RxoqO4hLoYBZ15DiXSQ~For the price I payed for 4 cupcakes I was a little disappointed. While the frosting was delicious, the actual cupcake was dry!? For a $3 cupcake I was expecting something a bit better. I have made cupcakes that have been much more moist and a whole batch only cost me $3.   Overall, I think I would give Prairie girl another try. Maybe for someones birthday at the office as they did have a good presentation. Added bonus: the boxes were cute and practical~cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~-1tMZE_73vDcYuslzlQTVg~I loathe waiting in buffet lines, but having this one comped at ~ 40 a head was a little more tolerable It took about 45 minutes to get through on a Monday night so plan accordingly There was no king crab but the snow crab legs were split so that was a good compromise Everything I tried was tasty There was food from every genre imaginable and even indian dishes which is rare for any regular buffet As others have stated the lack of sushi variety is surprising but don t let that deter you All in all if you re looking for a buffet go here and you won t be disappointed ~sushi 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~0d-9GblZSCZ-1Q1VK7Vmhw~TL;DR Pizza cone was cold in the middle! A small cone for $$. Wouldn't go back without a Groupon.  Saw a Groupon for this place, and I thought that the idea of pizza in a cone was worth a try, so I checked it out today. And also because the business is "Hot and New".  Came here around 6:30PM and the place was empty. The guy at the shop seemed like he has been sitting there for a while and smiled finally when a customer came in.  We had a Groupon for $10 worth of food for $6. My BF got their Yummy Cone Special (he requested extra spicy) with onion rings combo. I got myself a Canadian pizza cone with no mushrooms.  Contrary to other reviews the wait wasn't long at all. Took only 5-8 mins for both orders to be completed. We got the onion rings first to eat, and I was surprised at how small the serving was for the onion rings. Well, it was a side, but still very disappointing amount of onion rings.  Pizza cone is NOT large, okay? It is a rather small amount, so don't expect huge servings in this place at all.  The Yummy Cone we ordered wasn't really spicy, though my BF requested it to be spicy. It's just okay, but for $5.30 I wish the size was bigger.  I can say the same for the Canadian cone, it was packed with ingredients, but I was disappointed as I reached the middle part, it was COLD!! They did not prepare the food properly! Well, that was a let-down......  I would go back just because I have another Groupon, but I will not be coming back for any other reason. I don't know if this place gets really busy, but when we went it seemed like it has been a slow, slow day all day for them and we were the first customers for a long while.  Review 55 of 100~onion rings mushrooms onion rings onion rings onion rings ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~iuS9AGAhNQQWyv2xPlV7cw~Beau knows the culinary arts...and service and scenery.  The Valley is littered with great resort based dining options but this is the pinnacle.  The special occasion place that is down the road but a world away.  I recommend going with several people so that you can share and more adequately explore the menu.  The foie gras benedict is decadent but in a good way, the salmon mild but filing, and the peanut butter dessert experience was akin to a kid discovering ice cream for the first time.~salmon peanut butter ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~8jSUPiUtJtSHrNggdXdc6g~The buffet (breakfast) is a one and done type of thing. Pay/try once, but don't repeat. You learn fast that there are other less expensive/better options albeit with of course less variety. The coffee is weak, omelette stand is great, and the bread selection (danishes, croissants etc.) can be delicious. The specialty fruit drinks for breakfast are a nice unique option.~coffee ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jJKiElH5RlzF3I3rqJ3mOg~I've been here before for dinner, but this time we stopped by for a early happy hour dinner.  I was thoroughly impressed.  The food, ambiance, and service was all top notch!  We stopped by yesterday and ordered a few drinks.  We then ordered the green chili stew, and fresh guacamole.  Then we ordered the big a$$ burger.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection.  They have an awesome happy hour and I would highly recommend this place.~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~HCe1lVxUxcT4idwdRCbuYQ~Their cheese curds are my favorite in Madison. Ive come here a few times for brunch and tried a lot of their offerings, but the only thing that really has any wow factor to me are those cheese curds.  *update*  I just finished eating non brunch here for the first time. Im not a big burger fan, so i cant say much about it, but the mac and cheese was a masterpiece. Medium, al dente shells in a rich, thick, garlicky cheese sauce. It tastes like some seriously aged cheese!  *another update*  I just became the duke and realized that ive eaten here a lot of times (forgot to check in for some of those times). If i'm eating here so much, i must seriously love it, so im bumping this up to 5.  This time around, i just came back from a heavy day at the gym and was craving something with some meat, big flavor, and lots of fresh vegetables for my post workout meal. The bibimbap really delivered! I think it couldve used more rice to be more similar to what my korean grandma makes, but it was perfect for my veggie craving because it was packed with fresh cucumber, radish, and carrots. This was the perfect follow up to my protein shake.~cheese cheese burger mac and cheese ~5 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~FRog7qUkkQ_wQZGB4UDWEg~Their pizza cones caught my eyes ever since the first time I saw a picture of it on Instagram. I didn't pay much attention to them at first until more and more pictures of them started appearing on my feed. I've got to admit, making a pizza into a cone is a really unique concept because eating pizza can sometimes get really messy.   Anyhow, I went for a visit with a Groupon deal. My first impression of Yummy Cone was that the place was really small, had limited seats, and the layout of it was a little bit awkward (maybe because I was the only one in the restaurant at the time). I ordered the Yummy Cone Special with Tornado Fries and a drink. The Yummy Cone Special is made with pepperoni, bacon, sausage, green peppers, red peppers, hot banana peppers, mushrooms, cheddar & mozzarella cheese. The food is freshly made with each order, which also meant the waiting time is a little longer than usual.   The size of the pizza cone was relatively small. You definitely can't have this as a meal, only as a snack. However, the taste was actually pretty good, I'd say even better than most of the big pizza chains out there. There were a lot of toppings inside the cone, probably twice the amount of toppings you would get on a regular pizza slice. Surprisingly, the cone did not get soggy and remained crispy throughout. However, I was a little disappointed with the Tornado Fries because it was over-cooked to the point where most part of it was black. Every bite of it was bitter.  Next time I visit Yummy Cone, I will probably try their poutine since it was recommended by one of their staffs. Nonetheless, it was a great experience and perfect for an "on the go" snack.~fries pepperoni bacon sausage banana mushrooms mozzarella cheese fries ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~o2uaVUmPUwUB21oIFgYAcg~What a beautiful setting for luxury dining and sunset watching! Just as the sun is about to set, the electronic shades lift seamlessly and very Bond-like to reveal the sun kissed mountains and orange blush sky. People who often say that Arizona is dry and barren should come here and see just how different it can be!  Memorable food items included:     Braised short ribs entree with sticky rice, brussel sprout and bacon kimichi with Korean BBQ sauce.  - This is a must order!      Duck confit mooshu chickpea crepe appetizer -unique in flavor and texture      Fiery calamari appetizer - just the right amount of spice      Lobster bisque (soup of the day) - Rich and delicious       Truffle whipped potatoes side dish - Addicting and irresistible   Summer prix fixe: (this menu changes daily and must be requested)      Rock shrimp over pork belly and Basil fried rice - really good      Chicken breast dish over mashed potatoes, but not the truffle whipped potatoes - my friend enjoyed her dish, but also just described it as "good"      Lava cake with vanilla gelato - Perfectly done!  Our group was celebrating a birthday, so the waitress brought out a special PB Bomb dessert on the house with the words, "Happy birthday" written in chocolate. They also brought out 4 yummy cookies along with our bill. We felt really spoiled by our wonderful, patient waitress (I say patient because it took us forever to decide what we wanted at first. She didn't rush us and thoroughly explained our dish choices to help us decide what to order). Thanks Elements and staff for making our friend's birthday so special and memorable!~ribs bacon soup shrimp pork fried rice chicken cake cookies ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~1imJ1BWS_b6qolDx4Vy1gA~One of the best buffets I have EVER been to.  The layout is very well organized.  Of course, a place like Wynn is going to have a certain level of quality and selection, but this was just OUTSTANDING!!!   Our server was very friendly (and spoke English) and took care of our plates as we emptied them. Kept out water full and made suggestions for combinations. He aso received the highest tip we have ever left for a buffet server.  Highights:  Kobe Meatloaf Venison Roast Rosemary Pheasant  Pumpkin Ravioli Great Sushi  We took our time, stayed for 2 hours and even had coffee. I will go back and I will bring many people. If asked, I will suggest this in my top 3 buffets in Vegas.~meatloaf pumpkin sushi coffee ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~1VA_i9fj7BeD364Fupp0kQ~I went with high hopes -- we tried the strawberry daiquiri and the red velvet cupcakes. The cake parts of both were relatively flat, in that they looked compressed. I found the strawberry daiquiri one disappointing: it was too dense with too much icing. The red velvet one had a moister, lighter texture with nice cream cheese icing but it wasn't as good as the Costco red velvet cupcakes...   Probably would not return. Undoubtedly the cupcakes are a delight to see and smell, but nothing special to eat.  Update: I tried the mini cupcakes at a later date and found them significantly better than the large ones. I revised from 2 to 3 stars. The small ones tend to be moister and have a lower icing to cake ratio. They're just as sweet as the large ones but less daunting. Would recommend the small ones over the regular ones.~cupcakes cake cream cheese ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~q6xdw2DxFc3mloacnQyFOg~A very inviting space, Luke's was disappointing to me on food.  I ordered the seared ahi tuna appetizer, props to this being mostly discounted due to the yelp checkin but the tuna was overcooked and personally I think the dish would be much better leaving the tuna raw because the flavor of the slaw and sauce was a good compliment.  My crab cake sandwich was small and I was disappointed that they would not broil the crab cake but the waiter assured me that it was only quickly flash fried. We might have differing definitions of flash fried because there was a thick layer of fried crust which deterred what would have otherwise been a good sammy. The fries were excellent - well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  The bloody marys (although I didn't order one) had epicly sized accoutrements.~tuna tuna tuna crab cake ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Soy1dIDyr5xEkStGV16X1g~Roarrrrrrrr! No, it's okay prefer chopsticks :)  This oddly located restaurant is a delight.  When you first walk to the doors you know you're in for a treat -- I feel like making an entrance like Aragorn in LOTR -- you nerds know what I'm talking about.  I was feeling hungry that night and ordered me a "Big Ass Burger" -- no I'm not just saying it because it's big -- It's actually called the "Big Ass Burger!"  Yum!  Filled my little tummy :)  Service is bangin' -- Thanks Mr. Ryan!  The ambience is low and chill with a rustic feel.  No, not because of the age of the people :) - Enjoy!~burger burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a-WqwqcJrPEUJXLYeWzgaA~The sauce is good and they're always offering Groupons. I've tried their other food and its terrible. The fried chicken and catfish had absolutely no flavor. The bread is cold and soggy. The peach cobbler and mac and cheese were obviously microwaved (too hot in some spots, icy cold in others) and lacked flavor. If you're going for a pulled pork bbq sandwich with fries, you'll be fine. Anything else and you'll be really disappointed.   Overall totally overrated.~fried chicken ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aQkglCpqFytyW0XuGsIQYA~I just came back from Vegas for a short trip with my cousins and on our final day there we wanted a good buffet...Vegas style...and we found it HERE!! There was everything! It was Sunday so they have their Brunch buffet from 8am till 3pm. We got in line around 12:30 and were seated about 1:45pm the line was about an hour, it just took a little longer for us to get seated because we had a party of 10 and wanted to all sit together otherwise they will seat large parties earlier if you don't mind being separated.  We started eating as soon as we sat down and we ended up staying past 3pm for their switch to the dinner menu which was a total plus because they brought out king crab legs! And much much more!!!!  We paid 29.99 a person but if you want the champagne brunch it was 36.99 a person. And after 3pm the dinner goes up to 39.99 a person...my recommendation is to get there a bit before 3 pay the brunch price eat a little of one menue before they switch to the dinner you get twice the selection of food for a better price!! Happy Eatting P.S: The coffee ice cream is a must even if you don't like coffee!!! Its a complete must they make it themselves so its one of a kind!!!~coffee ice cream coffee ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~mw0x44dzX3p4q1J10KQm9w~Must go for lunch and dinner. I had salmon bisque soup that was fantastic! Then followed up with 1/2 dozen oysters in a half shell! Stellar! Then I had the Steel City Lobster Roll .... Taste great till I found a rubber band from the produce in my sandwich. The owner Luke came out with a new sandwich and apologized. He offered me a drink/dessert as well as no charge for the sandwich. Luke is a stand up guy and the restaurant is amazing! Highly recommend and I will be back:-) Thank you Luke and staff!~salmon soup lobster roll sandwich sandwich sandwich ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~HNr3CPZS72UU7beMu46g9Q~My favorite buffet in Vegas so far! Went here for the dinner buffet.  Sit in the garden area. It is so pretty and nice. It is kind of like Alice in Wonderland's tea party decor-wise.  The food is quite good for buffet fare. The salads that they mix for you have a touch too much dressing on them, but are great. Other good food items - Chinese shrimp dumplings, risotto, bruschetta, shrimps.    The desserts - this is where to spend your calories in this buffet if you have a sweet tooth like mine... The ice cream is excellent. Eat all of the flavors. Put toppings too! Candy apple is quite decent - it looks nice and eating it in the garden area makes it taste better. Lemon meringue thing in a cup = very very good. Strawberry shortcake recon in a cup was also very good. Black forest cake classed up in a neat slice - quite good. Apple crumble is sooo good and warm. Cream puff was so so - I have had better, but eat it anyway, it is not that big. The creme brle was not bad either, although the ones in Montreal are way better. Just eat it, since it tastes light and sugary. Crepe is good and ask for ice cream on it. Take a chocolate and sprinkled covered marshmallow on your way out the door because they look cute and are sweet.  Mmm. Go to this buffet and eat and eat and eat! Then sit and look at the pretty garden area, sip some tea, and eat eat eat some more. Make an evening out of it!~tea salads shrimp risotto shrimps desserts ice cream apple lemon cake apple ice cream tea ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OcYtglu4jv4p0Lk1msFOUg~Awesome!  I was on a business trip in Arizona and this place was recommended.  Our group of 6 sat on the patio (they had fires going so the temperature was nice).  It was dinner and the waiter was awesome (I think his name was Paul).  We had the chili Mac & cheese and it was good (I am not a Mac & Cheese person - AT ALL).  I had the Salmon and tasted the pork tenderloin.  Both dishes were awesome.  The food is presented nicely.  One in our group had the fish tacos (which were actually shrimp that night).  he said they were awesome.  I want to try the Big Ass burger - maybe as a carb load before a run the next day.  The ambiance was perfect for conversation with business colleagues.  I will caveat that our dinner was at the same time as the BCS championship game.  The waiter even noted that the restaurant traffic was light.  We had a great time and I learned that there is a location in Austin in my neck of the woods.  Funny, I had to travel to learn of great spot in my own backyard.  I'm adding Roaring Fork to one of my favs!  Try it!~cheese cheese salmon pork tacos shrimp burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3K3o1HiboSlMUuwt8PnLbw~The pinnacle of Vegas buffets.    They offer all sorts of cuisines here at the Wynn and every single one is done surprisingly well.  Great meat selection at the carving station, and the seafood selection is ample as well.  Crab legs cut in half, piles of cocktail shrimp ready for the taking, and even a nice sushi selection on the side, with hand rolls being my favorite although you gotta get it when it just comes out or else the seaweed will get soggy and that's no fun.  A good deal of grilled items, which to me shows that they are actually spending to effort to make their items, rather than taking the easy road and frying everything.  BBQ sliders, hen, grilled pork chops, and roasted fish are just a few the good ones.  As for the carving station, definitely go for the bacon if they have it.  It is just a beautiful piece of meat done right.  If you go there for brunch, there's an omelette station and once dinner service starts at 3:30pm, it turns into a made-to-order Italian pasta station.  I love the pasta there, especially when you can have it made with the ingredients you like and the sauces to go with it.  Nothing better than to sit here for 3+ hours and eat different meals all in one sitting :P   As for the dessert selection, it beats all others as well.  Just the ice cream is a good enough reason.  Their coffee ice cream is bitter like real coffee and they offer good toppings for your ice cream.  Pile them almonds!  You can even order crepes which is just fun cause you can choose different toppings to overdose on sugar.  My favorite dessert though is the creme brulee just cause I'm a sucker for them hahah.  This buffet seriously stands alone at the top by itself.  I absolutely love coming here.  The quality is there and I really think everything is just done with much more effort.  At $30-40 it is a bit pricey and the wait can be long but hey, it's worth it.~shrimp sushi pork bacon pasta pasta ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ice cream ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~6ZXDKMNeu64BCNWGjm7v-g~Seeing that I can only recall having Cuban food once before this, I guess I really don't have much expertise in this area.  However, I was blown away yesterday when my mom, brother & I shared a variety of tastes here.  We all shared an appetizer, one of their lunch specials and the Midnight sandwich.  Which was definitely more than enough food! You most certaintly get your moneys worth!    While the multiple layers of the sandwich are like a party in your mouth, the slow roasted, tender sliced pork with onions was a tounge-gasim for sure!  I can't wait to go back and get this meat all packaged up in the Cuban sandwich form.  The appetizer was delicious too, I just can't remember it's name, but it was a shrimp and crab filled fried green plantain.  While the crunchy plantain may have been a bit too crunchy for my taste, the filling was so scrumptious that I had no problem finishing that last little piece that no one else wanted to claim, lol.  All the sides were pretty tasty too!   We also lucked out that my brothers friend's joined us a little late, because we all got a taste, of perhaps the most amazing fried chicken ever!  The breading was light and crispy, and the chicken was oh so tender. Then the cherry on top, he ordered a piece of the Tres Leche cake for everyone to share and one to go.  Upon arrival, he decided that one was simply not going to enough to share and ended up eating his to go piece right then. Even though I had originally said no dessert, I once again had no issue with scraping up that last little morsel of this light and lucious cake.  I also decided a coffee sounded like the perfect compliment, and the lovely waitress recommended the Cuban espresso. At first I hesitated, but of course, it was simply amazing, the perfect ending to a perfect meal.~sandwich sandwich pork sandwich shrimp plantain plantain fried chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~b9LV9b67uflgRS2VCWr4vw~Went during brunch hours on Sunday, February 13, 2011. The line was pretty long, close to bout an hour wait. Price was approx~ 35 per person We had a party of 11 people seating wasn t too bad Food was pretty good Ranges out from different sections The prime ribs was excellent Staff members were extremely nice I m not much of a buffet person but I would definitely come back ~ribs 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~xumqR4BfVu4fJncdcCZnnw~So I was soooooooo excited to go to this restaurant per the pictures on Yelp and the comments. When my boyfriend and I walked into the restaurant it was aesthetically pleasing and the greeter and waiter was very pleasant. Being from New Orleans the first thing to catch our eyes was the Asian catfish...actually it wasn't the Asian part JUST A TASTE OF THE YUMMY FLAKY CATFISH!!!! We ordered it and there was no seasoning on the fish (this saddened me) but hey the dipping sauce helped. He (the boyfriend) then ordered a mixed drink, but it was like a play on hot chocolate and it actually tasted like a lemonade. Lol I think I liked it! My boyfriend didn't.   Lol then I had to order the lobster roll (this is what I came there for). So I ordered the hot one with the gravy over it and guess what?????? I DIDN'T LIKE THE LOBSTER ROLL!!!! BUT I LOOOOOOOVED THE GRAVY WITH MY FRENCH FRIES!!!!!  2 STARS FOR THIS PLACE BUT ONLY FOR THE GOOD ASS GRAY!!!!  YUMMYLICIOUS!!!~lobster roll lobster roll french fries ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~qSuaf0Z6pAuVwcsdq6o_JQ~Super popular hip restaurant in the Capitol area of Madison.  Not crazy about the hour long waits, but I did enjoy the farm to table offerings.  Their seasonal lemonade was fantastic - mine was cherry raspberry.  For appetizers we had the mac and cheese made with 10 year old cheddar.  I realize the cheese was aged but I think it would have benefited from a blend of cheeses to make the flavor more complex.  The artisan bread was tasty, but the style was more homemade than artisan.  They were rolls like the kind you could make in your oven at home.  Truffle popcorn is a huge trend right now, and I was glad to try their rendition.  It was natural popcorn, a little salty and a hint of truffle.  I think I would've preferred more of a dunking of truffle.  Finally, the cheese curds.  AMAZING!  The breading was light and the dipping sauce complemented nicely.   For our entrees we had the warm farro salad and the fried chicken and waffle.  The warm farro salad was great - a lot of fresh vegetable ingredients and a nice tangy vinegarette dressing.  The fried chicken was a bit disappointing.  The batter was laid on very thick and so the chicken was encrusted with this coat of batter that didn't have the unevenness or crispy texture you'd get with a light hand battered chicken.  Overall, a good restaurant - high end and hip with good farm to table choices.  Next time, i'll stick with more vegetables.~cherry appetizers mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~z0EuMBqKddIeH-iqvF0mmg~First buffet at Vegas (that I can remember...) and it was pretty amazing!  There's a good variety of items here but not as much as I thought there would be. Some casino buffets in San Diego have more variety of items than here, but what they lack in variety, they excel in quality.   There might be a ton of buffets out there that claim they have the most variety of items but the quality is horrendous! And when you take that into consideration, there's probably only a couple of things you can actually eat because everything else tastes like crap.   Everything tastes AMAZING here at Wynn! Some of my favorites have to be the FLANK STEAK. OMG! BEST TASTING STEAK EVER!!! I couldn't stop eating it! They used really good quality foods for everything! The fruit they served had some of the best tasting pineapple I've ever had!! There's a really nice dessert section with a made to order crepe station!! For dinner there is also king crap legs that are sliced in half for you already!! You don't have to work for the meat, which makes it all the more enjoyable to eat!!   I loved the presentation of all the food items. I tend to not eat salads at buffets but when Wynn arranges the salad in beautiful glass cups, I couldn't even resist eating some!   Drinks are unlimited as well, so you can pick from coffee, tea, sodas, etc.   I think lunch is around $24 and dinner is around $43 (tax included).   The only reason I didn't give this place five stars is because: 1) Lacking in variety of items (as compared to other casino buffets); 2) No watermelon (my favorite fruit); 3) No macaroons (which I saw on other yelper's pictures); 4) Our waiter changed shifts and our second waiter was really neglectful of us  Overall: I would totally recommend this buffet! The quality of their foods here is top notch!~steak steak pineapple salads salad coffee tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~e4NNpvUcFAYWPttiCbO3xg~We've eaten here many times and have always loved the food.  My husband gets the rib-eye steak and says they're the best he has ever had.  The Big Ass burger is not your average burger. It's huge and the beef has a wonderful flavor.  The chicken flatbread is delicious so much so that one friend ordered that as their entree.  The huckleberry cheesecake and hot huckleberry bread pudding with ice cream were amazing.  Their ingredients are always fresh and tasty.    We had an item, only once, that we didn't care for and management went above and beyond to take care of it.  They're very diligent about making sure the customer is happy with their meal.    It's a good idea to make reservations for dinner as sometimes the tables/booths are all reserved and you may have to sit out on the patio.  The dinner patio is large, with good size, comfortable tables/chairs and a fireplace if it's a little chilly. If you want to be there for Happy Hour and thus have to sit in the bar area, you better be there long before opening or you won't get a seat.  Even the small bar patio fills up.  We've taken friends and family from out-of-state there and know they'll be happy with their meal.  The noise level depends on where you're sitting.  If it's in the bar area during happy hour it can get a little noisy but the dining room and large patio seem to be quiet to average for noise.~steak burger burger beef chicken ice cream ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~_PqYXu_Ea8Z1Nu2suicEPQ~My family and I were disappointed to see that the The Buffet seems to be slipping.  When we visited a few days ago, the quality was sub-par.  The eggs Benedict were hard-boiled, the fish was overcooked, and our waiter was not very attentive (we ran out of coffee and cream and never saw our waiter again to request more.)  I hope this is a temporary lapse, but if this is the new norm I don't think we'll dine elsewhere.~eggs benedict coffee ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~NiCW5_p-83eo1S_CcC7B-g~It tough times when coming here as it's all about decisions, decisions. ...and more decisions. lol.. Prairie girl cupcakes spits out over 20+ types of cupcake flavors from vanila, red velvet, and lemon to peanut butter, caramel and coconut.  Though this place is small, like a kiosk, it can definitely serve to satisfy your sweet tooth...........any time of the day. Just ensure you're there latest by NOON in case you wish to reserve a case for any work meeting.  Another thing to look out for is their flavors of the day (usually two type) that sell for $1.99 for two minis.~cupcakes lemon peanut butter ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FTdr1cHrYmJoq565SrpNBg~We had 2 comps to come here for dinner or lunch and we came here for lunch while still needing to pay for 2 other people.  The lady that was ringing us up was at first not that nice in knowing that we had the comps, because she had to call other mgrs, like we were trying to get in for free- oh wait, we were.  But anyway, once it was okayed, she smiled and said thank you.  i don't like those kind of people.  Buffet:  They make people wait in line when there are clearly room inside.  you know, it's like those friday night clubs in sf that want to look like they are so hot.  Did not like that either.    Food:  Things tasted good, variety not so much.  Fruits were really fresh and good, but it's just fruit.  Liked the personalized omelettes to order, but there was nothing special and not worth $30 for the weekend lunch.  Service is nice inside, but waiters were not fast in picking up dishes, mainly because I think the spot we sat in was far.    However I thought the gelato buffet was really cool and distinctive and everyone has to try the coffee flavor!    In the end, i only got 2 plates and had a stomach ache. : (  Derek says:  I had the dinner buffet here and thought the food was of high quality but like janice i thought the variety was not there.  THE COFFEE GELATO IS A MUST TRY.  its pretty dark coffee flavor so i like it.  i was stuff at the buffet had 4 servings of prime rib, load of crablegs, shrimp, mussels, clams, had some side dishes and finished it off with a crepe and 6 creme brulees.~coffee coffee coffee shrimp ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fO-6T529VJnN3imgFBlnAg~We love Graze. Excellent atmosphere, perfect view of the Capitol, and nice outdoor seating in the summer/fall.  Must haves: Pretzel appetizer, White Truffle Popcorn, Hooks Aged Cheddar Mac&Cheese, Pub Burger   Pros: Great food, fresh ingredients, locally sourced Excellent ambiance/cool decor Easy to fit large parties (as long as you're willing to wait!) Friendly Waitstaff Great Vegetarian Options!  Cons: No reservations, so if you go at a busy time, plan to wait for at least an hour~white popcorn burger ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~VLFxhkL0MrgGkWsRqxzcXQ~Come during sunset. So romantic. The view is amazing. I have never been to Arizona before and this view is just everything I would have thought Arizona to look like. Red, Rocky Mountains, blush pink, orange and blue skies. The food was very good. Had the miso salmon. Service was on point too. Is kinda upscale here so definitely dress more than casual (cute dress and heels :) Ahhhh, the ambience!~miso salmon ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~sHT_P4-UtARObXIZSM0UEw~The midnight line-up of taxi cabs out front lends this place some credibility as a solid, late night indian place. As a 3AM munchies spot, King Palace certainly takes the cake as number one.  Don't let the 75-item menu board intimidate you. I'm not sure why they've decided to list every imaginable combination of rice, curry, meat and naan bread, but they have. You can just order rice plus a few proteins from their huge, colourful steam table. Cold steam table.  At King Palace, the food is kept at room-temperature on a defunct "steam" table and freshly microwaved to order. My chilli chicken, chicken paneer and lamb korma with plain rice was seasoned well. A great melding of spice, tart and sweet. But the nuke gave the food hot spots, cold spots and made the rice soggy. An unexpected side of naan bread was probably the best part, drizzled to the point of pooling with clarified butter; lesson learned, don't get rice next time.  If it's the middle of the night and you want more than poutine or a hot dog, and something more exciting than 24-hour breakfast, this is the place. If it's the middle of the day and you want good Indian, there's many better options.  A laggy YouTube stream of Indian music videos provides the ambience.~cake chicken chicken paneer lamb butter hot dog ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~wGAoQulO87QXK1WgcnCHsQ~Culinary perfection. I could stop there...  The Feng shui is evident from the entry walk.  The architecture feels like we are part of something important. The view is one on the best available in the Phoenix valley. The water served is crystal clear in delicate stemware. Let's talk food! OMG BOOM POW WOW!  I delighted in my omelet ranchero. I've never experienced better. Unlike anything I have ever experienced. The daughter revelled in what was called eggs benedict but was a ridiculous combination of salivary explosions.  The wife went for miso salmon salad. The fish was perfectly prepared and matched with greens and spice.  What a treat! If you have never, you must. If you have, repeat over and over.~eggs benedict miso salmon salad greens ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~toECli0UUdyHGZeoa3S4Wg~Got an email for $6.99 lunch so I decided to head on out. I used to go here all the time when they had a location on central and camelback but this one is a bit more complicated to get to by bus... since it is on the wrong side of the freeway from metrocenter. Either way I found the place and started off with lots of different salad choices. The wonton happiness is my favorite. I also got some of thier lemon broccoli salad and Joan's broccoli madness plus some of thier tuna pasta salad. All was good and I paid for my meal and got a water cup. It was pretty busy and was seat yourself so I chose a booth where I could see the soup bar. After I finished the salad I tried some yummy potato soup and some lemon soup which was interesting. Lemon seemed to be in complete abundance from the broccoli to the pasta to the soup to the lemon muffins to at dinner they had a lemon lava cake. A little overboard in my opinion. But either way some of the best things I had that day were the broccoli madness, the potato soup, the cornbread muffins....with real corn inside, their delicious sugar free chocolate mousse, and a brownie sundae.~salad lemon broccoli salad broccoli tuna pasta salad ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~f10dwXHcNHTazJDBe9FioQ~I'm glad I had a Deal Chicken deal because the food was just ehhh.   With my credit of $24 and a few extra dollars, I ordered a full rack of pork ribs which included two sides (I chose collared greens & sweet potato fries-- small upcharge that I was not informed of), 1/2lb of hot links and a few free dinner buns.   The ribs were fairly good (3 stars) albeit a bit dry-- I guess that's why they drown it in BBQ sauce. The hot links however were dissssgusting. (0 stars). Just thinking about it makes me want to puke. It was so soft, I quickly tossed out the serving that was on my plate and what was left in the container. They are what I imagine vienna sausages would taste like (but spicy, of course).   Collared greens & sweet potato fries were edible.. not cringeworthy (like the hot links), but not worth the calories/stomach space either.   Service was friendly & efficient.   Warning: be prepared to swat flies if you dine in. There were several on the day I was in... ick!~chicken pork ribs greens sweet potato ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~CzFfZdd9CUqHhQmM5PGt4g~Have been to Madison only twice, but this my go - to. Farm to table deliciousness, an amazing cheese selection, knowledgeable and attentive wait staff, and great cocktails. Have sat at the bar and also at a table. It's open with huge windows and great views. They will have waits for busy times, but will text you when your table is ready so you can go for a walk, enjoy the farmers market, or grab a beer someplace else. Last night we had a cheese plate selected by our waitress, marinated beets, and Mac and Cheese. Last time we had their cheese curds and breakfast fair.~cheese cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4jYtdOKK5RXbBDLj994qAg~I went to roaring fork for a Sunday night happy hour with my husband and had a great time.  I had a glass of wine $5 and my husband had a mojito $5.  We spilt the happy hour cheese burger and guacamole, both were yummy, but we regretted not ordering the happy hour rotisserie chicken. It looked delicious and was a nice sized portion! I'm definitely going to go back and give it a try.  You have to sit at the bar to get the happy hour prices, but the ambiance there is just as nice as sitting in the main portion of the restaurant and the service was still very attentive.~cheese burger chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~4UGI7-OKuXnGVeNk4U9BhQ~Got a family meal deal for home consumption.  Two slabs of ribs had plenty of meat on them (not baby back, but pork), came chopped up.  Two adults and 2 kids, despite gorging ourselves, only ate about 75%.  Their sauce is frankly exceptional.  But the sides... well... sucked.  The corn was watery (they must soak in hot water for a day or two).  The potato salad, while having the skin of red potatos and being pretty decent, had a strong dill taste that I liked but I couldn't get kids or wife to enjoy.  The rolls aren't good... but most aren't at these kinds of places.  What pissed me off the most was that they forgot one of the sides... mac and cheese.  Anyway, here's what i got out of the deal.. I will come back for the ribs.  And WILL absolutely come back for the sauce.  In fact, I may just come get a tub of sauce and BBQ my own ribs if I'm not feeling particularly lazy.    Meat = Good Sides = Bad Sauce = Exceptional (5 Stars)  Enjoy!~ribs pork corn potato salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~mLMHz9vpAMdIJIafd6S2BA~This buffet wasn't as tasty as I remembered. We went for the brunch buffet, about $35/head. Comes with basic drinks & super-awesome thermos pitcher that keeps the coffee steaming hot. The environment was very upscale & whimsical, like the rest of the casino. Selection was incredible. A lot of the food looked good, but didn't taste that great.  We started out with some seafood. DH did not recommend the oysters. "Didn't taste fresh," he said. The dim sum was really mediocre. Avoid like the plague if you've had real dim sum. Also, don't get anything fried that has been sitting under a heat lamp. Fish & chips hard & dehydrated. Yuck.  The highlight was the prime rib. It was moist & juicy, so nice with the au jus. "It was the best value of the buffet," said DH. The cocktail shrimp were okay, but the house-made sauce was awesome.  We tried a lot of the desserts and some had weird foam-like over whipped cream. Not too appealing. The lava cake was pretty good. Their ice cream was okay, but not as dense as the super premium stuff.  The guy who was our waiter was super attentive. If you don't leave a coat on your chair, they have no way to tell whether you're leaving for good. Be sure to leave a tip on the table for these hard working folks!~coffee chips shrimp desserts cake ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~eUh0TxuuZZztg30Il-3M0w~The Buffet at The Wynn is without a doubt the very best buffet I have ever eaten at. At $40 per person for dinner, it's somewhat pricy, but worth every dollar.  I dislike buffets because they tend to have crappier than average food, very little variety, and not a lot of things you really want. Inevitably, you pick a few things you like, most of which don't taste as good as they look, and maybe go back for seconds or thirds because you feel like you must get your money's worth.  HOWEVER, The Buffet has everything you could ask for and the food tastes positively gourmet quality as though (and probably) prepared by a master chef.  Just a few dinner highlights to mention: crab legs, prime rib, sushi of all kinds, pumpkin ravioli, gnocchi in brown butter sauce, chicken curry, scallops, pizzas with every topping you can imagine, beef brisket, Chinese dumplings, etc.  For dessert: creme brle, hot brownies, strawberry shortcake, mousse, assorted tarts, cookies, cheesecake, tiramisu, a crepe and waffle station, and tons of ice cream. Don't worry, there's lots more! Some of the cakes are topped with glittery sugar too, and you'll be mesmerized.  The waiters are also insanely attentive but not obtrusive. You'll never have to worry about a refill on your soda, wine, or coffee. Empty plates are taken away promptly.  If you have but one buffet to choose from in Vegas, this is certainly the one you want.~sushi pumpkin gnocchi brown butter chicken curry beef brisket cookies waffle ice cream coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~R-mPxwHUXjc2AvscChquVg~I absolutely love Roaring Fork.  It's Happy Hour is phenomenal, and I've actually never not eaten in the bar for this reason.  Also, it keeps the visit a bit cheaper, but this is no compromise.  The drinks are reasonably priced, the food, truly fantastic too.  I like to come here with a moderate sized group so that we can try to sample as many of the entrees as possible.    Some of my favorite Happy Hour Menu items are as follows...The Mixed Market Greens salad, Big-Ass Burger, Kettle of Green Chili Pork, the Fish Tacos, and the Chicken and Pepper-Jack Flatbread pizza is beyond wonderful.  You are still able to order dinner menu items from the bar as well, which is nice.  Roaring Fork has a mountain lodge kind of feel and decor, it's relaxed, but usually quite busy.  The bar is first-come-first-serve, so be prepared to stake out for a table.  A great place to start off an evening in Scottsdale.~greens salad burger pork tacos chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~eJz-8GMJd89IqVz46eXhxg~Great food quality, efficient service, and huge variety rate five stars here. Clearly something for everyone: sushi, stir fry, pastas; seafood; fish; lamb, foul, beef, veg. Loved the salads, cheese assortment, and desserts including scoops of ice cream and homemade sorbets. Juices and coffee are included as well. What's not to like!~sushi lamb beef salads cheese desserts ice cream coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OLloG0ld8IK-GAszpis3NA~We were in Scottsdale and starving.... looked on Yelp for something yummy...   RF is located in an office park where Chapperal and Scottsdale cross.   We arrived around 6 PM on a Sunday evening.... they were having Happy hour until 10 PM in the Bar Area!  YEAH!  The only problem was finding our own seat among all of the other hawkers trying to get the next available table... the wait staff and hostesses do not seat people in the bar area it is fend for yourself!   We got a table after about a 15 min wait--- but I hated that 15 min because I felt like a stalker!  Anyway...the food was great!   My fiance and i shared the Big A** Burger and the Green Chili... I also had the huckleberry margarita... we also shared the Huckleberry Bread Pudding for dessert... everything was yum-o!  We also enjoyed conversations with some older couple who sat next to us and shared all of their fav happy hour places!   Our server was also great:)    We will try it again in the future for sure!~burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_tPMO0P_wmP9ZHLnuzFVDA~The service was very spotty. Maybe this was because we were seated in the waaay back. We ordered the flatbread appetizer and it was both the least appetizing looking and tasting thing I've ordered from a restaurant in a long while. DO NOT ORDER THIS!!  As for the entree, I got the big ass burger. Big? Yes. Have any  taste? No.   I even saw another Roaring Fork all the way in Austin, TX when I visited a few weeks later and I avoided it at all costs.~burger ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~O7FBWPr25iCGh6XAcrfppA~First time here.  I'll give credit where it's due, they have apparently been reading the reviews because the staff made an extra effort to be friendly and courteous.   I had 2 bbq beef sandwiches because they were out of the pulled pork.  While eating my sandwiches I had the thought there should be laws enacted to constitute what restaurants can call bbq.  Boiled meat covered in BBQ sauce is NOT BBQ.   I grew up in the South, I've been to Memphis in May a couple of times, so my standards for BBQ are admittedly higher than average, but this was not even close to real BBQ.  Was it decent food.  Sure.  Decent, at best.  Was it the reason I got an upset stomach a couple hours later, possibly.   I don't care about the old decor, dirty looking bathrooms or anything else, if the food was good I would go back.  It wasn't.~beef sandwiches pulled pork ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~_C-VEKRQLvfz7O2Ti40wnw~This place has really delicious BBQ. I would have given it a 5 if the chicken wasn't a little dry and the interior of the facility was a little neater and cleaner. I'm not saying it was dirty, it's just the trashy sign on the fountain drink saying not to put stuff in the drain. I also didn't like the "real" trash can being turned around so there's no access to the door and a large "kitchen" grey trash can sitting right beside it. All in all a good visit, but not a 5.~chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~BFTXQPb11OBUoqIIZ1GpKQ~Good drinks and a great atmosphere. I had the calamari appetizer and it was lightly breaded and not over cooked. The basil marinara went really well with it! The lobster roll is delicious too! Not overly dressed.~lobster roll ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~H4_cHnFMzOeDvrmBuH7T_w~I usually stop by here before I go to Suns/D-Backs games with my dad because I really enjoy eating BBQ, though I admit the food isn't outstanding.  I've tried both the pork and beef BBQ sandwhiches; they're both REALLY bland without the sauce. I eat a lot and I just like how they have large portions.  Some people might be turned off by the cleanliness of the restaurant, which can be best described as dingy.~pork beef ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~I_9fDIyRZrB9ZnrRIVacyA~Awesome food! Possibly the best restaurant fare I have ever eaten of any cuisine. Had the mixed market greens salad, rack of lamb, grits, mashed potatoes, green chili macaroni and cheese, and boysenberry bread pudding for dessert. The tastes of all were just intense and pleasing. Place has an upscale feel to it, but the food is down-to-earth and high-quality. Wished I lived in Phoenix for a go-back real soon.  Will have to wait until my next trip up. Will probably have to make sure I have reservations, though. Very popular place, it appears.~greens salad lamb grits macaroni and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~KSqOmcd-3GbwBuK7npw1rw~Brunch on Sunday after New Years was perfection!  First, the setting is magnificent with splendid table settings, modern design and superb views.  We were warmly welcomed and given a view table.  Excellent Spanish sparkling wine promptly served while awaiting friends.  Fresh squeezed OJ brought in beaker to make our own mimosas.  Bloody Mary's can be ordered at a hefty charge, but not needed when bubbly is included.  Buffet is modest compared to some, but here quality wins out with nicely displayed salads, fruits, cheeses, cold meats, fantastic smoked salmon, cold shrimp, crab and bagels, breads, etc.  Huge omelets are included and made to order.  Do not miss the buffet of small desserts--all outstanding in appearance and taste.  The pecan pie miniature was my favorite.  Superb service with silver and plates changed as required without asking.  Will not wait for New Years to return.~salads cheeses smoked salmon ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~RHkfNIMxJYZNCc7O5HLcbw~If anyone needs to know. I get excited over food! The Buffet at the Wynn is awesome compared to it's competitors on The Strip! I love the atmosphere and decor.  It looks very new and clean!  I came here without any expectations and came out pleasantly surprised at their buffet.  They have sooooo many options in terms of food (regular breakfast stuff, salmon, omelet station. It's not just American breakfast food!).  Can't believe they had pork buns, congee and cruellers for breakfast along with all the wonderful desserts (and fruits to balance your diet).  They are fresh unlike the Flamingos, where they're all dried up and overcooked.  The garden theme makes it calming to dine.  The price is very fair for the amount of variety and fresh food they have here.  It came out to ~ 30 including 20 tip Highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good buffet The Bellagio one isn t as good as this one but much better than the Flamingos The waiter was nice and attentive ~salmon, pork desserts ( 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~1X6lnQQJ5px8QT1Hg7V9RQ~I have to eat at Graze every time I come to Madison for work. The cheese curds are the best I've ever had, the cocktails are amazing, and the mac and cheese is creamy and delicious. The veggie version of the bibimbap is also great. Awesome view of the capital. There's usually a wait, so plan to have a cocktail at the bar.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a5rHRqRXS7eWf1A62xcGWw~Came here Saturday for lunch at about 11:30 to find Honey Bear's BBQ nearly empty, but a friendly counter help ready to take our order. We had a brisket sandwich and sliders with sides of 'Cowbro Beans' and potato salad. The brisket and pork was really good and tender, but the chicken was dry and nothing special about the bread. I loved the pork and beans which had a unique sweet sauce that I've never tasted anything like before.  The potato salad was chunky and was good as any homemade.~honey sandwich potato salad ~3 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~pd7DVfvJd1qzLdDHQjzDrw~Tyree was the first person to greet us and he was VERY good at his job! It was my first time at Jasons Deli and he explained in detail what everything was like. I had t he chicken pot pie soup. By far thee best I've ever had, however it could have had more chicken it. It came with a pastry puff on top that was made to perfection. It was a little piece of heaven. My bf had a duffernt sandwhich th e carolina special it was very good and i had thr santa fe chicken sandwhich. Great guacomole and i got it on foccia bread. To die for! THE BREAD was amazing and thr bacon the 1000 island. Highly recommended. The salad bar had hummus even! Good hummus too! It had so many things you usually want but don't get to see at a normal salad bar. It has complimentary muffins snd a variety of organic crackers, pumpkin cheese jalapeo wafers, etc. The environment was fun and calm and nice for a little day date. This location however, EVERY employee I spoke to was more than willing to help me and go out of their way to make sure I was haply. I'm easy yo please but they were so sweet. Love this place!!~chicken pie soup chicken chicken bacon salad salad pumpkin cheese date ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8IfLXyp8jYbrfl8g7QXpJQ~outstanding....excellent food, cocktails, service, prices, and location.  everything our party ordered was delicious: pickle plate, popcorn, fried cheese, bim bim bop, lamb sausage, chicken and waffles, bone marrow, and even the uber expensive graze burger was yummy. so well seasoned and juicy.  yum.  they even have a drink that tastes like an orange creamsicle...heave.~popcorn cheese lamb sausage chicken and waffles burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5T2hffN81UYdOx_Mbh0DtA~As upper crust, trendy food venues go, I'm not usually a fan.  But the Fork is a great place.  One of the few to pull this genera off and do it right!  I'll be adding them to my "Best Burger" list.  As you would also expect, in addition to great food, the place is very clean, service is fantastic, and they do an outstanding job with beverages.  The bartender knows her stuff here!~burger ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~DN7RBFIUwkuCNc5Bc_pQ-A~Such a cool place! Stopped in for lunch and had a wonderful experience. Even got a free appetizer for checking in! Split an order of delicious calamari followed by a lobster roll. The roll was messy but worth it. Would definitely return and recommend to friends.~lobster roll ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~185gCvnmGVzk3h4zFSZMfA~Ok, I'm going to start off by saying that I'm not a big sweets fan in general, so maybe that's what came between me and liking Prairie Girl.  I've had quite a few of their cupcakes, and they've grossed me out every single time. These little cakes are seriously 50% cake, 50% icing. Their chocolate one is ok, and they make a peanut butter cupcake that's actually pretty delicious, but I would have to say their vanilla is downright nasty. The cupcake has an almost sponge-cake-like consistency, and the mountain of saccharine icing does not help the situation. I always feel dumb paying $4-ish dollars for a cupcake, only to throw away half of it when I invariably end up scraping off the icing.   I don't understand why there's always a line when I pass this place.~cupcakes cake peanut butter ~2 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~FaEATfi-TUYVo_xe4d-fjQ~It's great!! Have the mini cupcakes , they're the perfect size and the icing to cake ratio is still reasonable. It's when the cupcake is bigger that it gets a bit out of hand.   The staff is fabulous, and is always so nice and enthusiastic! They are of great help when it comes to choosing the different flavors, and is fast and efficient.  Good place to go if you have a sweet tooth!~cupcakes cake ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~mWEz9UgjGK58NDiZHkdzyA~This is absolutely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! I have been to their lunch buffet twice and I loved it!  The restaurant is grand and very beautiful. The food are displayed delicately and even for lunch there is a wide range of vareity! All of the food was very delicious!  Usually in buffets, by the time I get to dessert, I am already super full. By for Wynn, I always save some room in my stomach for their dessert! I like their idea of putting dessert into small slices, into small cups, or into small plastic shot glasses. You get to try out so many different types of dessert because of the size! They even have freshly scooped ice cream for you!  My absolute favorite is the dessert with the mini plastic coffee cups in colors of green and orange. For some reason I forgot what the name of the dessert was at the moment, but every time I went there I always get two cups of that dessert!~ice cream coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PiZB9FHzywtvXwJDFD8TpA~Go for the happy hour, enjoy the drink specials ($5 martinis among others. Yay!) and order the Big Ass Burger, but before you do remember these points:  It's open seating during happy hour (which runs 4-7). There were people sitting and standing around showing various states of impatience when we arrived. We walked around through the bar and front patio (the only areas open for happy hour) searching for an open table. Finally, a very nice manager caught up with me and offered a booth in the dining area with the caveat that we'd need to finish up or move to the bar by about 6:45, before a dinner reservation came in. We jumped at the offer, likely pissing off some others who had been waiting as well, and probably longer . No complaints in the way it was handled, but be aware that it's popular happy hour with open seating and when you arrive for a table you are basically on your own.  Second, it's an older crowd.  They look more like Scottsdale golf course residents than workers from the surrounding buildings. No problem there, either. Just a reminder that the line between "happy hour" and "early bird special" continues to fade.  Third, it was busy so service was a bit slow, though not unpleasant at all.   I guess the message for y'all: This place gets busy during happy hour. :-)~burger ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~umGkOtxmkA2g3K1fw-B7dA~I ate here for the second time, it's good.  It's in a warehouse and has an urban psychedelic interior,  bar, outdoor seating and balcony.  The have a large varied menu with fresh seafood. If seafood is your thing try this place.  I tried the Captain Crunch Sushi Roll, good and spicy..  Then I tried the Steel City Lobster Roll. I got three words... DE- LI- CIOUS  It's a lobster roll with chunks of lobster, garlic buttered roll, ladled with lobster bisque and herbs! Comes with fries!~sushi lobster roll lobster roll garlic fries ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~KIlOFk9JJ1HMPsRVeA_3hQ~I came here for lunch because the last time I was here I was very happy.   I ordered a Cesar salad with extra chicken and no bread or croutons.  I really couldn't tell if there was extra chicken or if it was the normal portion. Also the salad was loaded with croutons. I really hate picking stuff out of my food but this is what I had to do today.    Unfortunately I can't give a better rating because I didn't get what I ordered and I wasn't really happy how the salad tasted as well. Such a shame since my last time here I was so happy.~salad chicken chicken salad salad ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VB6PCYiMoMW5N6SexRe2RQ~My uncle (who is old school Arizona) recommended last year. Loved their selection and preparation of a diverse menu. The big ass Burger is still perfectly prepared,  as well as it was a year ago. We tried other the grilled shrimp and grits, grilled half chicken, green chili bowl, and well, all of their happy hour selections. Their HH drink menu hits the spot with well prepared cocktails (perfect martinis and margaritas ) with a balancedbalanced wine and beer list. Thank you Roaring Fork, for not letting us down. Great service,  food and drink, thank you Uncle Bob for this gift!!~burger shrimp grits chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F-rsDADl_U4ylrtKUiTi3A~This buffet was just ok for me.  It was kind of disappointing, maybe because it was hyped up so much or perhaps because it was a Tuesday night dinner.  The line was 10-12 minutes long.  The presentation was great.  Service was just ok; we had to ask the waitress for refills on the drinks.    I liked the jumbo shrimp cocktail, dim sum, and cheese bar with grapes and dried apples.  The snow crab legs and skirt steak were on the salty side for me.  I was super disappointed with the sushi bar - only 3 kinds but no fresh fish that I remember.  I had the california roll and shrimp tempura roll which were tiny and flavorless.  Also wasn't impressed with the choice of soups, none of which sounded appealing so I didn't even try any.  No lobster tails.  There was a selection of 5 salads cutely presented in individual cups and the two I tried (thai beef salad and pear and gorgonzola) were nothing special.  Didn't touch the salad bar.  I didn't try the prime rib because my husband said it was "ok" and didn't seem too excited.    I felt like the dessert was about a third of my meal.  I really recommend the ice cream - the coffee ice cream was super strong and not very sweet, which was different.  I also had a coffee which tasted like a dark roast.  The made-to-order dessert crepe station was cool and the crepe was yummy, but there was only one guy making the crepe so there was quite a wait.  The strawberry shortcake and tiramisu were good but I've had better.  In fact, there were not too many food items that screamed out at me and that I feel I HAD to taste, which is a huge factor in my tepid rating of this place.  It was good but I wasn't blown away.~shrimp cheese grapes steak sushi california roll shrimp tempura salads thai beef salad pear salad ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~fzdh9USw7klcXDSlH9q5Ww~Umm can you say Gotcha Bitch. So, I checked yelp for a good buffet to eat at and found the Wynn - I should have read the reviews first or called ahead 'cause when I showed up, I was expecting to pay 20 or so for breakfast, but ended up paying $32 + tip. Apparently on the weekends the iike to rape you for more money and the price is the same all day (may cost more for dinner). I loved the food, don't get me wrong, but damn can I save a little money for drinking, gambling, or hookers? There were tons of vegetarians choices, fresh squeezed orange juice, and real premium coffee. Easily the best food that I had on the strip during my week here.~coffee ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~8m2FUHBJ04R7KJnJbkHJMg~Wow!  I had their special as a combo with a tornado fries and a coffee and oh God every one of them was better than the other! Pizza is really flavourful and filling. Really great customer service. It took them about 5 to 10 min to make it and cost me a little less than $11 for all that food! Definitely something I would recommend.~fries coffee ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~GJb_xaZu0iX1J4rhQU0MwA~Stopped in here on a whim with my little girl. You never know if small places like this will have items for kids, and they did have one kid meal, which was 2 chicken strips and fries. I was starving, and not sure what to get so I went with a value meal - sandwich, two ribs and a side. It was pretty good, but I've had way better. The pulled pork sandwich was overcooked and dry, so it's a good thing they have yummy BBQ sauce to poor over it. For my side dish, I had sweet potato tater tots. They were OK, but looked like they came out of a frozen bag of Ore-Ida.   The staff was really friendly, and it seemed like they had a lot of regulars in there.   I thought it was really over-priced. Our bill was $21.75. And the food just wasn't good enough for me to want to go back.~chicken fries sandwich ribs pulled pork ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~IglkIbwVBBtcThigizX6Ew~It is quite expensive and I don't think I ever eat my money's worth, but I still think it's one of the best buffets Vegas has to offer!  Let me let you guys in on a secret for buffets in Vegas if you don't want to pay ~ 45 person for dinner Go around 3pm to get there before lunch closes and dinner begins and you ll get in for the lunch price but get to eat dinner Pretty awesome Their king crab legs cocktail shrimp and prime rib RACK OF LAMB get med rare it s SO good other freshly sliced cooked duh red meat is all I eat there and plenty of dessert of course so that is all I can really vouch for but those are definitely enough for me to want to come back again and again Gosh I love buffets Oh and if you come here for breakfast buffet their slab of bacon is enough incentive to make you wake up in time for breakfast in Vegas This is my favorite buffet in Vegas And trust me I ve eaten at almost all of them I know gross ~shrimp, lamb ( bacon 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~1a-x3FKG14zJ2pAMkqCUkw~I made a reservation to go here for my sister's 21st birthday, and overall, it was a great experience!  The food was absolutely delicious, and our waitress provided excellent service.  We were sat in the patio/dining area, and it was a great atmosphere.  My sister got to order her first drink, and she thought they were good-- her favorite was the Category 6 Lemonade!  We also ordered a white russian, huckleberry martini Martini, and a Chocolate Martini.   For food, we got the Scallops, Spinach Chicken Waldorf Salad, Lamb Chops & Fondue, and the Green Chili Mac and cheese.  The rest of the table ordered the "Big Ass Burger", which was excellent, and huge!!!  Since it was her birthday, the restaurant allowed me to bring a birthday cake, and they served it after dinner, and lit the candles for us!  Overall, it was an awesome dinner! I would highly recommend going here, and I am sure we will go back for more burgers!!!~white spinach chicken salad lamb mac and cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~PFvTJHMgQOa3rbDhWa9dDQ~The location is tucked away in the first Canadian place food court across from Davids Tea. I came at 5, about an hour before they close, looking forward to trying one of their weekly feature flavors. I usually avoid making stops during the evening rush hour because I'm headed for the train but with a few extra minutes and fingers crossed for a short line, off I went.  There was only one other person in front of me and even at that I was served right away. I asked if they still had either of their feature flavors and was told unfortunately not. Note to self, go on lunch break if the feature flavor looks amazing, as it did (Pina Colada and Black Forest). The girls behind the counter were very nice and rather efficient. The entire stop took no longer than 5 minutes if only because I was paying with debit and had to wait for the machine to do its thing!  I got two cupcakes, one double chocolate and one vanilla with vanilla icing and coconut shavings on top. They put them into a very cute little box with a plastic window on the side so you could see in, popped them into a bag (tied it nicely so that it would stay put) and off I went!  When we sat down to mow down on our cupcakes later, we realized just how BIG they actually were! I had a hard time finishing mine but they were really good! I got to try both, the chocolate chocolate is definitely for the chocoholic - it was probably too much chocolate for someone like me but my boyfriend scarfed most of it down. Rich chocolate icing and super moist cupcake. Mine was much the same except without the richness of chocolate overload. Fluffy icing, super moist cupcakes and nice toasted coconut on top.   My boyfriend did comment that he felt there was too much icing and as with many cupcake chains, this is usually the case. The vanilla one wasn't too bad but I could have done with a bit less icing. I still ate it though... every bite!!  For the reasonable price of about 6.50 for two gourmet cupcakes that were very delicious, I would definitely come back to Prarie Girl, but probably to try some of their more unique flavors. They only carry a handful of regular flavors and not much stood out to me as unique there. If you're not a baker and want to bring something to a party, this would be a fantastic idea. They look nice, people appreciate receiving them and they taste great too. I'll be back next time I have a sugar craving!~tea cupcakes coconut cupcakes cupcakes coconut cupcakes ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FRwkk3tf1lm2pxQwa5r0BQ~My buffet philosophy--I like to eat "light" in terms of food choice, not quantity.  I avoid heavy carbs and stick to light meats, fresh fruit, great salads, and the occasional light dessert.  Had the brunch without the champagne/bloody mary option.   Very pricey (I think about $75 for two people), but when I went in, I realized why: prime rib!  Not a huge fan, but never seen prime rib at breakfast time in Sin City.  The good foodf:  *Gespacho--fresh and tart--kinda like the bloody mary I would have had if I could consume alcohol (I'm 6 months preggars).  Added cherry tomatoes, chopped cucumbers and chives. Yum! *Chinese porridge--I stuck with the "healthier" ingredients, which included green onions, deep fried chives, cilantro, and thousand-year-old eggs (didn't add on the dried pork, cut up cruellers).   *carving station bacon--cut off the fat and added the pieces to my Chinese porridge.  Tasted like high-end ham, but not syrupy sweet. *fruit--loved the papaya and pineapple--juicy sweet! *shrimp cocktail--succulent--similar fare to other gourmet buffets. *ice cream--preferred the lemon yogurt (light and fresh), but the coconut and coffee (more like espresso) ice creams are good choices for the richer taste bud *friends I went with who are BIG fans of cupcakes thought their mini-chocolate cupcakes with chocolate mousse frosting was the best they've ever had. *didn't have this, but their candied apples added a whimiscal touch to their gorgeous array of desserts.  Comparisons to other fabulous vegas buffets (Bellagio, Paris)? *Comparable in terms of quality. *Not as many salad choices as Bellagio, but I only went for brunch, so not sure how dinner would compare. *beautiful decor--much more light and bright compared to Bellagio and even more cheerful than the faux outdoors at Paris.    Overall--I'd say visit the Wynn if you are a fan of gourmet AYCE buffets.  It has definitely landed squarely on my must-eat list when visiting Vegas.~salads cherry cilantro pork bacon papaya pineapple shrimp ice cream lemon coconut coffee cupcakes cupcakes desserts salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~b-aqPZsfQmkE2QCjlfZPRg~This is one of our favorite places to take out of towners. The ambiance, food quality and scrumptious drinks are all 5 stars. The Big A** Burger is the best in town and only $10 on HH. $5 well drinks, including standard vodka or gin martinis and more. Everything I've had on the menu has been excellent. You cannot go wrong here!~burger ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~gsysgOZ_bkTx1MrEFrX7Uw~I had the salmon salad with the lemon ginger dressing and the fish bites. Both were delicious!  Cocktails were not great, Definitely don't need to have the Old Fashioned and the Moscow Mule was just okay.   I would stick with beer.  Great atmosphere and service.~salmon salad lemon ginger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~aLU-PpD6jiQA0C5GNcAqpg~We came here to "kinda" celebrate my birthday, we were starving by the time we showed up, we were seated right away, even on a Friday so that was cool, our waiter was very nice.  The bread and butter was yummy! The agave margarita was very smooth and good, just one hit me hard. I ordered the braised short ribs, and the hubby had the big ass burger.  I really liked my meal, the short ribs were great, a little too fatty, but thats just the cut of meat I think.  I will order the regular mashed potatoe next time because the horseraddish was too much.  The hubby's burger was good, something on it put it right on the line of being over salted, but it was still enjoyable.  The creme brulee was very very good, one of the best we have had.~butter ribs burger ribs burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~e5v6Eh5meswh7gLm9c-Nrw~Been here quite a few times with various friends and family. Their menu changes seasonally but in summer time they have Dr. Pepper ribs that my wife loves and a filet mignon that is very tasty. During winter they seem to be more about the fish and chicken entrees.  Their Big Burger isn't to bad either.   Not a big drinker, but when coming here I always get the Arnold Palmer with firefly vodka which seems to be the only place that has this drink, and is probably the best drink I have ever had, besides the pear champagne I had at my wedding.  Appetizer wise I have had and love the guac and chips as well as the tortilla soup.   The last time we went I took my parents out for their birthdays here and my dad being the person that is hard to please was even impressed with pork and my mother loved the carnitas.   The service is excellent and should be a role model of how restaurant service should be, with constant watch over my drinks, NOT bugging me on how the food was immediately after I just received it.   Great place for special occasions or just for a delicious meal.   Overall: I would recommend this place and is quite affordable for a nice night out.   Note: Would recommend making reservations to ensure that seating is available as on weekends they do get busy.~ribs chicken burger pear chips soup pork carnitas ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tL34dItRmfpXhID1wSGQNA~The menu is very pretentious. It seems like every entree is over the top extravagant. I ended up getting the Mac and cheese which was good, but really only for it because I didn't want anything else on the menu. My boyfriend got pork and didn't love it. From a guy who will eat and try just about anything he had a few bites and couldn't finish it.  The cheese plate was the best part of our meal and popcorn was good but nothing to rave about. I'd try it again for brunch but that's the only reason I'd go back.~mac and cheese ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~SiOx1KsZheYg8CweD9HFBg~It was okayish. The person taking our order was pretty sweet, but the food was flavorless and mushy. The beef brisket was probably the best part of the meal but it wasn't anything to write home about. Restaurant itself was a little warm, despite the cool day. It was overall a really "meh" experience, and at $30+ for two people it's not worth it.~beef brisket ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SO-mAvTg_rRsOksRsMxStw~Great service! Highly recommend trying the green chili pork! Big a** burger was also delicious. Came to the table a little under but was quickly fixed. Would rather it come under than over. Only negative comment would be the distracted hostess when I first entered. Was talking with a couple servers about something one their phone. Otherwise a wonderful experiance will definitely be returning.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~12BaW9KkqhIYA-SYHEx6Ew~Went here when I was in Scottsdale last month on a business trip after hearing about it from co-workers.  Needless to say, the Roaring Fork didn't disappoint.  First of all the service was awesome.  Our waitress not only helped me decide on what to order, but her suggestions were spot-on.  My boss and I split the Ahi Tuna Quesadilla and the Green Chile Mac & Cheese.  Mind you, I'm not a huge mac & cheese fan, but this was really good.  If I ate this more often, I could learn to be a fan.  Enjoyed the Boneless Buttermilk Chicken with smashed potatoes and Peppercorn Gravy.  It was delicious.  I wanted the Big Ass Burger, but the Chicken was incredible and I'm happy I ordered it.  My boss ordered the fish taco's which he said were just perfect.~tuna cheese cheese chicken burger chicken taco ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~D55llmlBEJtBGM2mbgj7RQ~We had unreasonably slow service that even though I did enjoy my meal, I felt the restaurant deserved a sub-par review. I went with the large group and we surprisingly didn't have to wait for a table on a weekend afternoon. Really like how they have huge circle tables for large groups. However, it took us three hours to finish the meal. Every part of the meal was slow - taking our orders, checks, etc. Our waitress forgot to put in our order, but was nice about it and gave us a free round of drinks.   Anyways, I ordered a Blood Mary to start, its highlight is that it's served with two plump shrimp! For my main, I ordered the crab cake sandwich and loved it. Perfect ratio of ingredients, with more crab flavor than breadcrumbs/filling. I'm a HUGE seafood fan, so the food and ambiance are worth a return trip, but I'll be wary if I have time constraints.~shrimp crab cake ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~g6_NdPxee9GQ4f-yzdm8SA~We started at breakfast and finished for lunch, so there were many different choices and cuisines!  Coffee, tea, hot cocoa, and juice are included.  Fancy coffee drinks are not included.  The waitstaff was excellent, so please consider adding a tip (10%) when you pay before being seated.~coffee tea coffee ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~zeq89u3rIYJKrHT4k6K8zg~I feel like The Buffet has lost some of its luster. I've been there many times (probably 4-5x?) since 2007 and it always has a delicious selection and friendly service. This last trip was a bit hit or miss. The food selection was not as great, and many of the items were "just ok" or pretty plain/standard. Additionally we waited at least 15 min just to get coffee!  Having been to Wicked Spoon twice and my most recent trip this past Nov, I used to think The Buffet was better but now I think Wicked Spoon has surpassed. Not only in selection and presentation, but also the flavor combinations are more interesting and unique!~coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~XNLkU2orItmXX5xWJHIzBg~Friday morning of our Vegas trip.  It was 11:15.  We figured by the time we get to the front of the line, it'll be lunch time.  The line slowly moved, but we eventually got to the front of the line.  Lunch was $24.95.  Or something like that.  The central dining area is brightly lit by a huge skylight and the faux fantasy forest provided a stepping stone for the imagination.  Typical buffet set up with various stations offering a variety of dishes and cuisines.  The prime rib was good, as was their fried rice, leg of lamb, the gyozas were decent.  The had other items such as pizzas and pastas, sushi, other Asian dishes, a salad bar, and a few other things.  I would have to say the star was the dessert station.  They had at least 12 different desserts, all in small, 2-3 bite servings but they all looked so delicious I wish I could've had them all!  Oh, they also had gelato, with as many toppings and syrups as you want.  I didn't get any gelato but I had a bite of my friend's coffee gelato and it was REALLY strong.  The only thing that irked was one of the ladies didn't know who the executive pastry chef of the hotel was when I asked her.  I later had to google it, finding out that is it none other than the awesome Frederic Robert.  Our server could've been a lot better.  She wasn't around much and we constantly had to flag her down for refills on our beverages.  One of the busboys was doing a better job than she was.  I would definitely have to say this compares to the Bellagio Buffet (review to come)~fried rice lamb sushi salad desserts coffee ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~y5Puu34bqH3AxoMVVGJKlA~We've been to HB BBQ a couple times thanks to Groupon, and I'm a big fan of the ribs.  The meat literally falls off the bone, and the sauce is excellent.  The second time we went we had the chicken and rib plate, which is how we'll probably do it from now on.    I'm not a fan of the sides, otherwise this place would have had 5 stars.  There's not a lot of seating, so going during major meal times can present a problem if you're planning to dine in.  Also, It doesn't look like they can seat large parties together...most of the tables only seat 4 people.  Overall, the meats are excellent.  It is definitely a place I have and would continue to go back to.  I'd go more often, but they're not that close to where I live.~ribs chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~7T3PEpEZ8DAGiH04mMW3lw~I visited Luke Wholey's earlier tonight for dinner with my parents.  I'd been wanting to try it for a long while now, so given that they're fans of good seafood and that I had a City Dining Card for it, this gave me the push necessary to try it.  We started out by ordering the lobster bisque fries ($11), given that it was one of the more unique menu items and that many other Yelpers recommended them.  They consisted of fries over lobster bisque with chunks of lobster topped with scallions, and were the highlight of the meal.  If you like poutine, you'll enjoy them, for sure.  Because I wanted to try the lobster bisque by itself, I decided to order a cup of it with my meal ($7).  This turned out to be a mistake, given that it was too salty and rich for my taste, and that I felt that it was overpriced (for a cup).  If you're considering stopping here for lunch, bear in mind that you can get 4-5 times the amount of crab-lobster bisque of comparable quality across the street (with more seafood, no less!) in a quick serve setting at Wholey's Fish Market for less $.  For our entrees, my mom ordered the crab cake salad ($15.95), my dad ordered the baja shrimp volcano ($28), and I ordered the crab stuffed salmon ($30).  While my salmon was well cooked and tasty with the sauce, it didn't blow my mind the way I expect for an entree at this price point.  Also, the bok choy served with my entree seemed a bit limp when served, and there was a piece of skin underneath my salmon.  While these may seem like minor details, I have a higher standard for fine dining-esque than for mid-range restaurants, so I can't let them slide.  I tried a piece of my mom's crabcake and some of the potatoes from my dad's volcano, and again, they seemed tasty, but not mind-blowing.  They both seemed satisfied enough--though they're not as exacting as I am when it comes to eating out.  On the a positive note, our service was very good, so I have no complaints there.  The atmosphere is more casual than I was expecting, which fits with the atmosphere of the Strip District, but not with the fine dining-esque nature of the restaurant.  I concur with another reviewer that I'd be willing to give this place another shot for lunch (or happy hour), I don't think I'd be willing to pay dinner prices again.  Since my opinion is hovering between 3 and 4 stars, I'm splitting the difference and going with 3.5.~fries fries crab cake ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NPxn66jUngAyiEryzvKWFw~Love the food here. This location specifically I think is better than the other location. The mac n cheese is amazing and the pulled chicken sandwiches are very big. Staff is typically friendly but the booths aren't very comfortable.~cheese chicken sandwiches ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~BiB_h1qGN81sYj9B8lJahw~Best most dressed Bloody Mary- the Ultimate Bloody Mary. Can't even guess how many times I've showed the photo to people. I enjoyed the fresh soft shell crab. I would like to have just ordered another one versus ordering food since this drink supplied enough food :)  I ordered the beet wild salmon salad. Something went wrong with our order and it took forever to come out. They apologized and comped it by adding some steak to my friends back and eggs. We sat at the bar. Service was very good.  My salmon on the salad was overcooked.  Would come back again for that Bloody Mary.~beet salmon salad steak salmon salad ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~XZe5X9CTHv-BOCaWKWMTYA~The food was great, but we had a bad service experience. After being seated it took at least 5 minutes for our waiter to acknowledge us. Then it was another 5 minutes before he came back to take our drink orders. No one had brought us a cocktail menu even though the place is known for great cocktails, so we asked for one. That took 5 more minutes. Then it was at least 10 minutes before he came back to take the orders, then another 10 for the drinks to arrive. When the waiter came with the drinks we had to ask him not to leave because we didn't know how long it would be before he came back to take dinner orders. Apparently you can't get bread until you've ordered, because even though we asked for it, it never arrived until after we had ordered. I was about 2 minutes away from finding a manager to complain to, something I had never done. Every table around us had drinks and dinner before we had even ordered dinner.  I had met my friends in Phoenix, and they had just flown in from the east coast, so it was after midnight their time before we finally got food. Although the food was amazing they were practically falling into their plates from exhaustion.  The drinks we finally got were amazing. I had a cosmo-type thing with jalapeno muddled in. Really different and delicious. My friend had the grapfruit-basil martini which was also delicious.  I had the goat cheese/spinach salad appetizer and it was great, except a little too heavy on the dressing.  For entrees, two friends had the salmon which they loved and raved about all week. Another friend had the chicken and she was pleasantly surprised by it. I had the shrimp and pasta carbonara. I don't usually order shrimp dishes, and I loved it. The shrimp were gigantic and so flavorful. It was rich, but worth it.  We were too exhausted to consider dessert, because of the service issues.  I'm not sure our service problem was a one-off. I went back for breakfast and lunch during our stay at the Sanctuary and wasn't impressed either time. For breakfast I ordered eggs benedict with the eggs "not too runny." They came literally hard boiled. I pointed this out to the waitress and she offered to take it back, but I had already waited awhile and didn't want to spend more of my vacation time waiting for food. At the end of the meal I again expressed my disappointment, but was offered no compensation, not even a comped iced tea. At lunch, the filet cobb salad was delcicious, but I had to flag down the staff for more iced tea, which was difficult since I was in a booth facing the window with no easy access to any of the staff or other diners.~jalapeno cheese spinach salad salmon chicken shrimp pasta carbonara shrimp shrimp eggs benedict tea salad tea ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~N4hmZ8tJ86pZS6dtZ4SzYg~This place originally got famous for rustic cowboy cooking. The menu still has that dimension but now also serves lighter fare (like the fish tacos or the salads). Overall I have been impressed by every meat dish I have eaten here. And then the happy hour at the bar is a real treat. The big ass burger on the happy hour menu still is the best deal in town. You might want to share it though ...~tacos salads burger ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~iSpTYLe54pwDoPo8y0jn6A~What an excellent Valentine's Dinner! My wife and I came into Elements for the 2016 holiday and were so happy we did.  First of all, when you arrive, they take your phone number so they can text you when your table is ready.  While you wait, you can go into Jade Bar and hang out.  When we were there, some excellent live music was playing, which we really enjoyed.  Second, the service.  You have a 'service team' that assists you, which I believe includes a Server and two Server Assistants.  They all make sure you never wait long for anything, and they do a great job of it.  Our server was incredibly knowledgeable as well.    Third, the ambiance.  When we were there you could look outside at the gorgeous scenic views, as well as to a beautiful fire pit.  It was all very relaxing and romantic.    Finally, the food and drink.  I loved the Camino Agave Cocktail, and my wife and I both loved the Calamari appetizer.  For entrees, she ordered the Salmon, I ordered the Pork Chop, and we were both very satisfied.  I highly recommend Elements for your next special occasion. Enjoy!~salmon pork ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~slKD_9xQdfW4mTnfW8g1tw~Best beans I've ever had and an excellent BBQ sauce!!  Rib tips and chicken were great.  Coleslaw and potato salad ok.~chicken coleslaw potato salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kWGHZpSVt7P4Rl_9DkGH_A~Not exactly a home-run, but it was a pretty satisfying meal.   ---  Quick summary:  Too many choices? Just focus on these three items: prime rib, Alaskan crab legs, and Asian food (e.g. Shrimp bao, fried dumpling, leek cake).  My no-no list: beef slider, rib-eye (just get more prime rib), madeleines, creme brulee  ---  Holiday dinner price was $47.99 and the wait felt like forever ... had to wait about 90 ~ 120 minutes Plate 1 Sushi seafood and Asian food Shrimp bao I liked the sweet bun fried dumpling very impressive one of the top fried dumplings I ve had leek cake flavorful spicy salmon hand roll a bit disappointed it didn t hit the spot BBQ eel nigiri above average quality for a buffet California roll above average quality for a buffet and Alaskan crab legs already sliced open juicy and flavorful Plate 2 medium rare prime rib expect a long line one of the best prime rib I ve had tender juicy and irresistible lamb chop tasted a bit dry bratwurst not bad at all chicken sausage not bad at all mashed potato ham beef slider terrible bun and dry meat could not finish it rib eye did not like it tasted pretty dry asparagus juicy and crunch good green bean casserole Plate 3 baked salmon orecchiette pasta basil pesto grilled Mary s chicken four cheese ravioli chicken parmesan roll all plate 3 tasted pretty decent Plate 4 creme brulee sugar crust didn t taste right tiramisu excellent madeleines didn t like the texture cream puff good gelato chocolate peanut butter and cappuccino Plate 5 fried rice not bad for a non Asian buffet Caesar salad gotta eat some vegetable right Kate Jicama salad candied walnuts grapes blue cheese raspberry vinaigrette green apple salad crunch crunch crunch yummy fried tofu Did not try customized pasta station cold cut bar cheese salami prosciutto etc pizza there was steak egg pizza and artisan bread station I wish there are more ice cream flavors Anyhow I would return if I don t have to wait for more than one hour again And this time I ll only focus on prime rib and crab legs ~shrimp cake) beef sushi, shrimp cake ( salmon california roll ( lamb chicken sausage ( mashed potato 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Kl3PBKqqh6hK1CiYZ-rfDg~This was awesome! We came for our anniversary and made reservations. They had our table ready when we arrived complete with an anniversary card and a rose! I ordered the bacon pork tenderloin and my man had the Big Ass Burger. The tenderloin was perfect and the burger was HUGE. They kept congratulating us on our anniversary which was so sweet. They also gave us complimentary dessert - we picked the creme brulee which was fantastic! Best anniversary, best customer service and best food ever! Thank you Roaring Fork!~bacon pork burger burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nwWn_vnFF2yLt0lujXkzSA~Went to try the happy hour and was pretty impressed. $5 martinis (perfect full pours) and really good margaritas. The Big Ass burger for $10 was very tasty. I had to box it up even, such a huge portion. The green chile pork dish was very tasty as well. Good service, nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour. Every day from 4-7, Sun and Mon 4-close I think. I will be going back here for sure at some point.~burger pork ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~f2vUN2QH2_LjFBbII0x9Ww~In town for business, and anytime I travel for work I try to hit up a bbq joint.  Literally went five minutes before close, and the cashier was nice enough to let me order for dine in.   I am a hearty eater, so I got the chicken dinner with two sides, and a two meat sandwich.  The meats I chose were pork and beef.  The two sides were French fries, and potato salad.  The pro e wad very reasonable. Lets start with the chicken.  It was smothered in bbq sauce, but was a nice piece of chicken.  The taste was OK.  I've had much better, also much worse.  It also wasn't that beefy of a chicken, so I was happy I  ordered the extra sandwich. The sandwich was a different story. I would give the bbq meat a 8/10. It had a very smokey taste, like it just came off a big pile of wood.  I thoughly enjoyed that meat, the plain white bun it was on, not so much.   The fries were very basic, and the potato salad was also nothing to write home about.  If I am back in town, I would probably come back.  But, again a very sub-par bbq experience.~chicken sandwich pork beef french fries ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wnEi1JHg0uFn60mnqRPLrA~Not sure if people have been reviewing the Wynn Breakfast/Brunch buffet, so here's my two cents.  I'm so happy my little group woke up early for this. We went for Sunday brunch and got to the restaurant just past 9:30. There were two people ahead of us in line. It was such a relief, because random restaurants at Treasure Island (where we were staying) had lines forming already.    Brunch was ~ 28 per person coffee juice tea included ~$35 per person if you wanted alcohol (Bloody Mary's, Champagne, Mimosas).   This place was so pretty. Such a fun time to be had designing your own plate. Oval plates seem so much chicer than round ones, don't you think?  Food. Is. Superb. I don't think anyone would go hungry here, even you picky eaters out there. Two rows of pastries and desserts (madeleines, croissants, chocolate croissants, sorbets, bread pudding and crme anglaise, cookies, and mini servings of chocolate cake) for the sweet tooths. For the meat eaters, there's a carving station with prime rib and--wait for it!--glazed slab of bacon. Eggs and eggs benedict and lox and fried chicken are all yours. They have a cooked-to-order omelet chef. There are waffles to be eaten with various preserves and fruits. There are silver dollar pancakes with warm maple syrup.  Interesting stations: (1) Congee bar, complete with thousand year old eggs, Chinese fried long donuts (yo tiao in Mandarin); (2) Gazpacho bar, with mix-ins like cucumbers, onions, diced tomatoes; (3) Strawberry bar, with fresh hulled strawberries, julienned mint, cream.  My favorites were small servings of yogurt (sweetened with honey, topped with crunchy granola and a whole strawberry) and cups of segmented grapefruit (tossed with a coarse sugar to enhance sweetness and lend texture, topped with a small sprinkle of mint).   Good table side service made sure that the drinks were always topped-off and plates were always whisked away when we returned with a new plate.   Highly recommended.   P.S. By the time we left ( 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~QlcgMDW1duWBFW1AbHH1WQ~Best cuban sandwich in Las Vegas~sandwich ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~sEBe363rjCeAk9QjZ-GRPQ~I love love love love buffets, but I wasn't impressed with "The Buffet" on a Monday night, and here's why:  - The sushi bar had only three items.  I don't think this is enough of a variety to have a special section called "Sushi."   - Quality of food was just alright, e.g., grilled pork chops were all either dry or burnt.  The best dish I had was the mashed potatoes.   The desserts *almost* made everything better.  Everyone's said this before, but I'll speak with emphasis.  The desserts at this buffet are the BEST desserts I have ever had at any buffet.  Each and every dessert was amazing -- the chocolate mousse, cheesecake, bread pudding, carrot cake.  The ice cream, however, was a little extreme in flavor -- the coffee flavor was very strong, and the passion fruit sorbet was very tart.  Overall, desserts were still amazing.  Gotta hand it to the Wynn - they know how much we love our desserts and they do it big.    Three stars, since I probably won't come back.~sushi sushi pork desserts desserts desserts carrot cake ice cream coffee passion fruit desserts desserts ~3 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~A0873ju34m9ZWqSTxb5HOA~If you're a total diehard pizza-loving fan, this place is worth checking out for their pizza cones; a totally fun and interesting take on pizza. If pizza isn't your thing, they also serve cold & hot sandwiches, poutine or tornado fries. A great spot to grab some lunch with a few hungry colleagues/co-workers, and did I mention the staff were super friendly?~sandwiches fries ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~UB_Px3-d2QBFgkf6L3VWYQ~Awesome place, staff is nice, food is delicious, and customizable, and they have great fries.   The whole pizza in a cone idea is wonderful as well, a much nicer way to eat everyone's favourite food!~fries ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~OSR3rCLyNlRtFK4jpYByqg~I wanted to order chicken and ribs but I was told they don't sell it like that and would have to order 2 separate plates lol okay then.~chicken ribs ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tv-UcQQhXhAdwU5HAIFlRg~Anyone who has a happy hour until 10 pm all summer long is worth checking out. I can only give this review based on two items the short ribs  and the big ass burger were awesome. I have heard the chicken is awesome so next time I come that is what I am going to try.~ribs burger chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~KZ9wO1vmeNqMvZZS6DTT5w~Enjoyed our brunch here at wynn - impressed with the food choices (omelet stations, carving stations, asian station that has lugaw/congee!, etc etc). also their coffee is good and strong, just the way i like it.  i didnt get to try everything, but i thought it would be worth a dinner visit...~coffee ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~P3qJicD7a6dLEC_tKt4ZXg~Perfect portion size Perfect amount of cheese  The owner is really friendly  Amazing french fries   I initially came here because of the groupon but I would definitely return!!~cheese french fries ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4gxqHi3W-NzkOoGu0geEHg~I do adore the weekend champagne brunch, but not for the food - for the champagne, of course!    The food...well, the food is "eh" at best, and inedible at worst.  The buffet is extensive and covers nearly any palette, but because it's done in such a mass quantity and left to sit out, is not particularly fresh or hot.  The desserts mostly had a rubbery consistency, save for the tasty peach cobbler and pecan rolls.  The ice cream bar is also a very safe bet.  Steer clear of the shrimp...they were room-temperature and slimy on the skin, so we had to pass after a bite, for fear we'd get sick.  Most everything was heat-lamped too long and was too dry to enjoy, but if my tip would be to sit at a table with view of the buffet chef - you can watch them put out new dishes and run over to get them fresh.  They won't taste delicious, but at least they'll be consumed straight-from-the-oven.  I have heard that the dinner buffet is better, but for the price of champagne brunch, I expected that the food quality would suffer, so I wasn't disappointed when this came to fruition.  However, for the $30 or whatever it was, the ability to sit in a garden-of-eden-meets-Mad-Hatter-tea-party room with the sun streaming in, nibbling some food and drinking champagne was well worth the price tag.  It's a great way to spend a Sunday morning at the Wynn.  So grab a glass, settle in, and, if you really want good food, stick to the fresh-made stations like the omelets, or just go somewhere else.~desserts peach ice cream shrimp tea ~3 
La Ligne Rouge~onion rings-fried chicken~wL3yEbvQGfDsNoRm8-OYig~It's official, La ligne Rouge has officially earned the last star! I've been here almost every week when im in town and it get's better every time. I love that the food is consistent and the service is great! I am a very harsh yelper and I rarely give restaurants a five star. The consistency of the food, the satisfied feeling you get after every bite and the sadness that overwhelms your soul when the food is finished is what determines a 5 star restaurant to me! Absolutely the BEST poutine, gyro and onion rings I've eaten in my life!~onion rings ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zN84fS76IdthFyD3NJgWrw~Went for Happy Hour and was impressed with the selection of drinks and appetizers.  Right now they are running an extended happy hour through Labor Day (4-10pm).  They have a variety of mojitos and margaritas for $5.  We had the fish tacos and burger ($10 ea).  It is 2 tacos, each with a good sized piece of grilled fish and the burger comes with all the goodies, including fries.  Even though when we were there at HH on a Friday night, staff was pleasant and tentative.  A bit older crowd than some other of the  places in Scottsdale which was a nice change of pace.~appetizers tacos burger tacos burger fries ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gkkNg3I3ktZS2TKN1auYcA~Honey Bear.  What a great name. I wish I would have named my first son Honey Bear, or Cornbread J-Cool...something sick like that.  I think that's where going into labor fucks most women up.  They're all like..."Oh yeah baby, I'm down with Luciano or Vincenzo if its a boy... sooo very Italian."  That's in the nine months preceding birth.   Have a little chat with her after she delivers...it's a whole new ball game. Now it's all, "My son isn't going to have a name that sounds like some greaseball mobster, WTF is the matter with you anyway?"  Wow. I don't know how I went down that road. I WAS going to tell you about Honey Bear's but I guess I'm still pissed my first born was named Dan.   Anyway, the food here is pretty tasty. I like it because you can order meat by the pound which is all I ever do. I order eight ounces of barbecued beef, no bun and a glass of water..it's around eight bucks. The service is super fast too, consuming about fifteen minutes of your lunch hour if you wolf your shit like I do.  Their sauce is flavorful too, you'll want to slather a boatload on your beef...kind of sweet and slightly spicy...good tang.   And speaking of good tang, what better way to finish off the remainder of your lunch hour than by going to Band Aid's show lounge...just a block away on 7th and Virginia?  A lunch hour chocked with tang. The fantasy of what heights your son may have aspired to had you gotten your way...naming him Cornbread. And crop-dusting that empty cubicle with some major beef and beer farts around mid afternoon...sending that evil co-worker of yours into a catatonic funk upon her return from the ladies room.  Now that's what I'm talking about.~honey honey honey beef beef beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~224DbI1cO88WjpyNM217sQ~Roaring Fork is strangely located next to some giant business complex.  They share the same parking lot and has every space marked with 2-hour visitor parking.  Since the business closed during dinner time, guests may park freely here.  The restaurant reminds me of an upscale version of Claim Jumpers. Dark, intimate restaurant with a Western theme and open kitchen.  Menu is highly meat-centric, and ideally you bring a large appetite and/or completed a full day of hiking because portions are gigantic!  We started off with a Medjool Date Salad - interesting how dates and that fig jam works with candied walnuts.  To balance out the sweetness, they have arugula and large chunks of goat cheese.  (4 stars)  Wife got the Double Cut Pork Chop. Wood-grilled and served with an awesome squash puree. The chop was huge and had some poblano chutney on top.  I found the meat incredibly soft and juicy, almost unnaturally soft.  The wife felt some of the pork texture and taste was missing some how, and she still felt the best pork chops are served in San Francisco's Prospect. (4 stars)  For some crazy reason, I opted for the Big Ass Burger out of sheer, morbid curiosity.  I could of went for any of their other excellent-sounding entrees but the "Big Ass" just sounds so cool.  I indeed lived up to its name and was indeed big - layers of bacon, medium-rare juicy patty, tomatoes, onions, and poblano chili.  Pretty decent burger, definitely bigger but not necessarily better than some of the best burgers I've had.  Fries were super crispy and well-seasoned. (4 stars).  Clearly after that meal there was no room for dessert!~date salad fig arugula cheese pork poblano pork pork burger bacon patty poblano burger burgers fries ~4 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~3u28bH4-BsPukrTcCZRogA~What a mess. The staff doesn't know what they're doing, there is yogurt everywhere, everything was empty, and it smelled like warm sour milk. Never again unless I'm desperate for FroYo.~milk ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~vTbwoM3705dy8JIxyixOGg~I came here for happy hour and left a happy camper. Everything on the menu sounded great and we finally decided on the queso con carnitas and the big ass burger. The appetizer was very flavorful the only thing I didn't like is that there was more meat than queso so it was kind of hard to eat. The big ass burger was the best burger I have ever had. It came with chipotle mayo that wasn't very flavorful but the burger didn't need anything added on to it. The meat was amazing and melted in your mouth. I ate half of the burger and was full for the rest of the night.~carnitas burger burger burger burger burger ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~fq4sLtLFlev2ifq1tbBIZg~Bottom Line: Food is mediocre despite nice ambience and service  Food lacks flavor. It's as simple as that. There is nothing about the food that makes you want to come back...even for bar food. All of the dishes lack flavor. They look pretty on the plate but the flavors are not there. The calamari is dry and flavorless. The wings come dry without sauce; you have to ask them to "toss the wings in sauce" to  get what is normal wings(wet wings drizzling in sauce) anywhere else. If you don't ask that, they serve fried chicken with dipping sauces, sorry I can get that at KFC not at a supposed premium bar. The salads taste wilted and the dressings seem to lack flavor. The beer was mediocre. The menu is entirely too large.  This place is a hit because of it's location and it's  atmosphere. It's an upscale sports bar resembling the Yard House  so a lot of people like to come here to have comfortable seating, nice service and nice tv's. But the food was very disappointing and if you care about what you eat, look elsewhere.~fried chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Eyv6km3dIjv3fkbf5hBu8Q~Got there early.. frankly speaking only reason we got here early is because we didnt even sleep and were still on the tables playing since the night before.  We had coupon for buy one get one free so the day already started on a well note.  No one was in line when we walked there so we were seated quickly.  Well it's a breakfast buffet so there is only so much of everything you can serve. They had eggs, sausage, patties, bacon, waffles, pancakes etc... you know all the yummy stuff anyone can serve during breakfast.  Had me some coffee and OJ and the waiter was prompt.  Clean and bright which is good for us at the time.  Will definitely eat here again when I am too lazy to leave the strip.~sausage bacon pancakes coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mGGYEZkCAYNAfc1z-ljwFQ~Happy hour was hopping today, unlike last week.  Bartender Ryan wasn't there, but no worries, as Stefan was just as able and gracious.  I selected the cab to go with the RF "Big Ass Burger," even though I wanted to try the zin.  Did I choose wrong?  I'll try the zin next time.  Since I enjoyed the chile-pistachio bread last week, I asked if I could have the commercially-made burger bun swapped out with the new-recipe chile-pecan bread.  No problem.  Ordered it medium, no pickles.  By the time I had thought to take photos of the burger (I was starving so I dug right in!), the scene was a mess!  From the very first slice, the longhorn cheddar-topped patty crumbled into many pieces- I kept wishing I had a spoon to scoop them up!  No matter, as it was still a wonderful meal- loved the smoked bacon, and the chipotle mayo worked well both as a burger condiment and as a dip for the wonderfully crisp and seasoned fries (see photos).  If only there are more happy hour meal selections (only two, excluding the salads) for me to enjoy.  Guess I'll be forced to try the Huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise and vanilla bean ice cream next time... woe is me ;)~burger burger pickles burger patty bacon burger fries salads ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Y7dcZcGAQIh1vcBDXG2yvw~Great spot for brunch in downtown Madison. Can't beat the view. A number of high quality options for brunch, and food is always fresh. Limited selection of options for dinner, although their cheese curds are some of the best in town. Brunch preferences are the eggs benedict, corn beef hash, seasonal scrambler, or burrito.~cheese eggs benedict corn beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~wctdQRIOmdHsK8yMl2ldag~Oh crap, I hate, hate writing mediocre reviews when everyone else writes great reviews. So I'm going positive first:  The service was GREAT! Well, the waitstaff. I'll start from the beginning: We just got back from Wet 'n Wild where I mentioned, if you read that review, I didn't bring a hairbrush much less took a shower.  We decided to visit Roaring Fork as it's on my husband's burger list and we rarely get this far north. So we drive down Scottsdale road and surprised to find it in an office building.   We walk in looking like crap with our messy boys and we are completely ignored by the two hostesses who are engaged in conversation with an older gentleman. So we walk around the restaurant and decide to go back to the hostess and see if we need to be seated. So I rudely interrupted their deep conversation and ask if they need to seat us. One of them said yes, if you are eating dinner or you can seat yourself if you want the happy hour in the bar or patio. We said we'll do the happy hour.  We went t to the patio which on this 108* day into evening was wonderful. The decor was so nice I wish my home patio looked so good and the misters were great even though by the end of the evening I was soaked. The waiter was very attentive and made a great beer suggestion. We ordered  the Big Ass Burgers for $9 and an order of Guacamole and the boys ordered mac & cheese.   The Guac was amazing, perfect with big chunks of avocado and onion, chip were fresh. The beer was served with chilled, small glasses - great presentation.   The burgers were HUGE, I didn't think for $9 you would really get a HUGE burger and Fries but you do. The burger looks great, super thick cooked to order with thick bacon, cheddar, tomato, poblano chile, nice lettuce, tons of pickles with an aioli on the side. What could be wrong?   Hmmm, I bite, chew, swallow, add aioli, bite, add salt. Just can not get any flavor from the meat.  This burger should be amazing. The bread is a really generic, white seeded bun so I get rid of it and used a fork and knife. Just no flavor so I both my husband and I only ate half of our burgers. The waitstaff seemed confused by our full plates but it just wasn't great and not worth the cholesterol or calories. The boys were happy with the mac & cheese and ate most of our fries. The guac and beer were great! And the service, except the host staff, was truly wonderful.    We would probably go back as we liked the ambiance and give it another try hopefully just an off night. Total for two beers, guacamole, mac & cheese x2, burgers x2 was only $45.~burger burgers cheese avocado onion burgers burger fries burger bacon tomato poblano lettuce pickles burger white burgers cheese fries cheese burgers ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~bXv5HJaQantg1KM8CPQH5w~I had the Steel City Lobster Roll, and it was ok. The fries were soggy and their weren't any vegetables really in it, so there was no crunch. I could only taste the lobster and the bisque, which was pretty bland. Also, my girlfriend has Celiac, so don't go there if you can't have gluten, because they leech the flavor out of everything. The service was amazing though and the Bloody Mary was one of the best in the city according to my girlfriend.~lobster roll fries ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~vFnSH-3jG79sgOHGBRYglg~Oh my ... I just had my first experience here at the dinner buffet.  This has to be the best buffet I've had so far in Vegas. I've been to Bellagio, Paris, and Spice Market. The decor is alot more elegant and brighter.  I used to think Bellagio was the best but my latest trip wasn't so great. I don't  remember the exact cost, but the Wynn price came out to a few dollars cheaper even. And the food ...  That is the best Chilean sea bass I've had at a buffet. It was so moist and tender.  The herb crusted salmon wasn't bad either. Flaky and moist as well. The rest of the food is the typical buffet fare. Their shrimp cocktail is noticeably larger than any other place I've been. They differentiate a little with their various ceviche, salads, and their coconut flavor and pineapple flavor ice cream which was a delight.  The thing that did damper my experience was the waitress. She seemed to have disappeared during her shift so I never got any refills of my drink. The waitress finally returned during our dessert to bring tea/coffee. I pretty sure this is an isolated incident however.~salmon shrimp ceviche salads coconut pineapple ice cream tea coffee ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~4wsLE3fv9dr2BHbHC51Gig~5 stars purely because of the cult power and following of this place. Its an institution, most of the food is good but steer clear of any of the curries which are too oily because they may not be fresh. Opt for anything that is cream based (such as the butter of Kashmiri chicken). It's also a great place to hang out for some Chai and Pakoras or Samosas which are quite delicious.~butter chicken pakoras ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~7-Fdkgxd0Ld6QdMuXJp4jQ~Honey bears is damn good food.  Don't expect anything fancy, just some of the best dang meats and sides you can get in Phoenix.  Highly recommend the chicken or brisket and you can't go wrong with the Mac and cheese or cowbro beans.~honey chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~JCxDI6rfWGiNB98aPGMrww~Really overpriced.   Without the view, this restaurant would not make it.  I don't mind paying for an expensive meal, but it was barely above average.  My wife ordered salmon cooked well and it was raw in the middle.   My rib eye was over $50 and it was very average with a lot of extra fat.   Table of 8 and too noisy to talk across to the other side of the  table.   Go for one very expensive drink at sunset and then find another restaurant for dinner.~salmon ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6p65cIk7iwufzbHqWYAcNQ~You can't go wrong with what you order, but at least once you have to try their "Big Ass Burger". What more can you say when ordering a "Big Ass Burger".  An enormous juicy seasoned all meat patty stacked high garnished with the freshest tomato, lettuce and onion with optional bacon, cheese and  a hot pepper on a toasted bun. It is served with fresh cut french fries. You can also substitute with their famous green chili macaroni and cheese. It is such a hit item on the happy hour menu, that they added it to the main dining room menu.  The bar fills up so fast so early so you still have the option to order the burger in the dining room.  If you get a chance to sit at the bar you can try the homemade beef jerky while you wait.~burger burger patty tomato lettuce onion bacon cheese french fries ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~bviZWgEb1xjsMBtUutwxWQ~Ohhhhhh yeahhhh!! Now THIS is the real deal, none of that artificial stuff you get at other places (New York Fries Butter Chicken anyone?) I came here with a rather large group, probably about 15 of us? Yeah, we couldn't all sit down but nobody cared because the food was just mmm mmm good. The service was quick and friendly, and the place was small but cozy. The place kind of has a Chinese Fast Food Restaurant feel to it, except with much yummier food.  The nahn bread was huge!  The butter chicken was delish, and they even had those orange thingies.... the super sweet desserts that kind of look like little funnel cakes, THAT got me excited, not because of the sugar high, but because they're not that easy to find in Toronto if you don't know where to look, and especially if you don't know what they're called. I always called it "that-super-sweet-swiggly-orange-thing-that-tastes-like-honey!" I got my first taste at my Indian friend's wedding (home-cooked indian food ftw) and have been hooked ever since. I also like that you can actually see your food before they scoop it on to your plate.~fries butter chicken butter chicken desserts honey ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~X3sox-pfzzZGwQgV50PDgw~Always a great job! Chef McGrath designed an outstanding menu and I am so glad they kept their core dishes like the Big Ass Burger and Green Chili Mac and Cheese! Staff is outstanding and fantastic service! This is how I wanted to celebrate my 7th cancer free year with my family.~burger mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~LD-_8elbevTL1dxxMgPNsA~I used to love this place. The service was always so-so but the food rocked. Today I was running late downtown and starving. I stopped at 2:10 pm. I was not happy. My chicken was semi- warm. My fries were burnt so bad they crunched. If I wasn't in a hurry I would of asked to have new ones. All of this cost $11.36 with drink. Man what a let down. I am ok with cost if I get a good meal but this wasn't even close. Yuck! I hope this is just a fluke.~chicken fries ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-mvIUYRx7pK_0Kiy5uZ-kQ~Recommended by Sheraton hotel staff this was a welcome surprise. The BBQ was awesome , i had the chopped beef and it was great. The BBQ sauce was awesome, and the service was very friendly. A definite place to visit when in Pheonix~beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RfJzwXnYwNfzbuo0Eusevg~Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Good.  If I didnt believe 5 starts gets overused, id do it.  I had ZERO complaints.  We went for Happy hour and had Tortilla Soup, Kettle Green Chile Pork and the Big Ass Burger along with a couple Arnold Palmers.  All for under Awesome food, all of it;...the pork is the shining star here.  Service was great!  Great waitress, and supporting staff as well.  Will be back soon no doubt.~soup pork burger pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~zi114HUbE26lkLqI5IhCgw~Las Vegas BUFFET must!   Although i wasn't THAT hungry, i still stuffed my face.  Seafood area is good...the crab legs are a shoo in! That's what getting the 4 stars. Prime rib is pretty good.  The have "world" stations... I pretty much stuck to the basics, everything i knew i was going to eat. Although did try a few new things, so don't hate and say i didn't; the sea bass was dry and so was this Indian chicken--ehh, no bueno. The saut asparagus was hard and burn-y.  Dessert station was pretty good, i had a crepe made, it was okay--the lady sprayed on like half a can of PAM. bleh. The have small cute desserts in sample portions, which is smart! you can try as much as you want.  Coffee ice cream tasted grainy, the chocolate ice cream was far too rich. They could have had a bigger station for fresh fruit.   I would recommend coming here with a full on appetite--you'll know you're getting your money's worth with you have more than 5 plates and +3 desserts!  Get your drank on!~chicken asparagus desserts coffee ice cream ice cream desserts ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~2uaOMdq4yNQtQsePhW-tLw~I'm not a buffet person. In fact, I don't usually seek them out (with the exception of an occasional visit to my local neighborhood soup plantation). Moreover, I'm typically the person who shoots down the suggestion. However, my group of nine were recovering from hangovers and dying of hunger at the Encore Beach club. After a night of binge drinking, we could definitely use a banquet style buffet. Which is exactly what was provided by The Wynn.   Price - It's about $40 per person. Pricey for say a buffet, but really, I thought the food was really good. Roll the highlight wheel:   - Eggs Benedict was delish  - Pork sliders with slaw on cornbread  - Prime Rib  - Prosciutto and cheese station  - Omelet station  - Coffee Ice Cream - actually all the desserts were really delish  - Raw bar   I didn't care for the Sushi bar or any of the quiche. And I love quiche. But I just wasn't crazy about it. They're regular breakfast stuff wasn't that great either. But overall, I would definitely recommend this buffet and would definitely go back.~soup eggs benedict pork cheese coffee ice cream desserts sushi ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~njquc2e1v0hTfPHpstn4sA~I am still thinking about the miso-glazed salmon, and we dined there four days ago . . .   I am the kind of person who bases my reviews of a restaurant not only on the food, but the ambiance, and pretty much weigh them equally when determining my rating. Elements satisfied both those categories and more.   Just driving up to the Sanctuary where you are greeted by friendly valets makes you feel special. They ask if you have been there before and wish you a great time, telling you you'll have a special evening. Maybe that puts everyone in a positive frame of mind to begin with. The restaurant itself is striking. We arrived just as the sun was setting. We walked out on the deck/patio and watched for a few minutes. At the same time we were able to see the spectacular pool and grounds of the resort as well as the lively goings on on the deck. Everyone looked like they were having the best time! This is definitely the place to go for just drinks!   We made our reservation with Open Table. When Elements called to confirm, I asked for a booth with a great view, and that is exactly what we received. Our waiter was enthusiastic, but not over the top. We asked a lot of questions about menu items and he offered his suggestions. He was patient with my needing more time to decide, and he was not confounded when I asked him which entree was a better choice, when clearly I asked him to compare apples and oranges. Usually, I get the answer, "which do you prefer, beef or fish?" I like a waiter who is confident in manner and trusts that in either instance I will have a great meal so he's not afraid to give a direct answer.   On to the food . . . hubby had the Island Creek oysters and the elemental soup which was lobster bisque with corn. He thought the oysters were just perfect and the soup, which he didn't even offer me a spoonful, perfection. My cousin had the spinach and frisee salad, which she thought was so clean and fresh. I ordered the dungeness crab and spinach hot pie for the table to share. It came with perfectly seasoned taro chips. The "hot pie" was rich and creamy. One bite would cover Weight Watchers points for an entire day! Needless to say, we scooped up every bite with the taro chips and then used the spoon to polish off every last bit of it!   Hubby had the bacon wrapped filet of beef with garlic mash, blue cheese, balsamic onions, merlot demi glace. I did get a bite of his filet, and it melted in my mouth. Hubby said the combined flavors of the beef with the garlic, blue cheese and balsamic onions were superb. My cousin had the duck. She had a hard time making up her mind, but said that she definitely made the right choice. She was so happy. I can't speak to the dish myself since I didn't have a taste. I ordered the miso glazed organic salmon with skillet roasted vegetables, somen noodles, toasted coriander. I generally do not order salmon in restaurants as my hubby makes the best salmon around, but since our waiter said that they were known for this dish, I went for it. Wow! Perfectly cooked (I think this might be a first for a restaurant in my experience)! It far surpassed hubby's version (sorry :( ) Everything about this dish was top notch. As I said above . . . I'm still savoring it in my mind.   We opted to skip dessert, but they brought the check with three warm 5-spice chocolate chip cookies. Yum!   Elements is now at the top of my list for special occasions, and maybe less than special occasions. Do I really have to wait for another special occasion to go back? Oh, my birthday is in three weeks!!! You'll see me there!~miso salmon oranges beef soup corn soup spinach salad spinach pie taro chips pie taro chips bacon beef garlic cheese beef garlic cheese miso salmon salmon salmon chocolate chip cookies ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~5hXkIhkhibP2ePpw-HRAcQ~I chose Elements for my birthday because it was rated one of 50 restaurants with the best views in the world.  We set our reservation for 5:15 so not to miss the sunset.  We were a party of 5.  Our menus were customized with the birthday celebrants, which added a nice touch to our experience.  First and foremost, we had the best service!  It was so amazing that I told the manager upon leaving how great it was.    Here's what we ordered: Blistered shishito peppers Foie gras panna cotta Maine lobster udon Miso glazed salmon Kurobuta pork chop Hoisin braised short ribs Salted caramel cheesecake S'mores  AMAZING!!!!!!!!!~miso salmon pork ribs caramel ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~cDFlr8McPr58vz7GLz94Dg~This was my second visit. They hit all the right notes. Sunset and view lived up to my expectations. Our server was spot on. Everyone thought the meal was great. I had fresh  cold oysters. We had Sea Bass, filet mignon, and salmon. All perfectly prepared and plated. Was an elegant evening.~salmon ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5FkyHcFprq6X-Z6tJ4Wd6g~We came for dinner around 4-5pm and didn't have to wait :)  Not sure if I like the decor...was hoping for a more grand feel rather than a tea party theme....Felt like I was in the Bahamas...maybe would have been better for breakfast...  The crab legs were delicious!  As was the caesar salad - you can add more lettuce should you find there's too much dressing in the premixed!  The pasta was also quite yums and the lambchops too!  Its quite a spectacular buffet.  A little disappointed in the desserts -  was hoping for some yummy ice cream (used to the wide variety of flavours found at Chinese buffets in Toronto).  Dessert @ Spice Market was better - but sadly, who can really eat dessert after all that food?~tea salad lettuce pasta desserts ice cream ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VdimmuKGaX0HY5Imdf8Spw~Best Happy Hour in town!! The Green Pork Chili with the Hot Buttered Tortillas is quintessential Southwestern eating.  And the Huckleberry Margaritas are a must...$5 at HH!  The best deal is the Big Ass Burger, enough for two.    Sunday and Monday are the best days to go because it's all day Happy Hour so no crazy crowds!~pork tortillas burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mOXvmR4tZ3sYz89w8LdBbg~We splurged and decided to try Graze after wandering around the square in search of somewhere to eat on Saturday night. It was a 15 minute wait to eat outside, but we sat down immediately inside -- really exciting, as I was ravenous.  Our waitress brought water right away, and returned shortly to ask about drinks. They have a variety of options, which of course completely overwhelmed me, but I went with a ginger martini and my friend with a beer (both pretty reasonably priced). They have wine on tap, which is interesting -- I'll definitely try that next time.  My friend got the Graze burger and fries, and I got macaroni and cheese with pulled pork.  Pulled pork usually doesn't do it for me, but I branched out and tried it. Usually, after awhile, every plate of food coming towards our table gets my hungry hopes up as I wonder where my food is; at Graze, our food came before I even started looking for it. The dish small (expected, as it is an appetizer), but perfectly filling. Made with Hooks 10 year cheddar, the noodles were covered in liquidy cheesy goodness. With the tender pulled pork on top, it was very hard not to inhale it. I love cheese, and you could tell that it was really good cheese. One thing -- it was slightly, just a little bit, maybe too salty. I don't know if it came from the meat or the cheese, and it didn't stop me from eating every last noodle, but it did cross my mind.  We didn't get dessert (unfortunately), but our waitress did not make us feel rushed in any way. As a waitress, I know table-lingerers suck, especially when the bill isn't very expensive. She just refilled our waters and smiled.  I love the big windows and the bar area.~ginger burger fries macaroni and cheese ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~aUYFdcJMej1jgMPdBg1SZQ~Love, love, love this place!  We went there on sunday 3.30 PM, crowded. Met Luke's father while we wait to be seated. He let us in (me and my daughters) so we could sit in front of this beautiful fish tank and enjoyed the view.  Drew, our server, was very very friendly and attentive. Apparently he likes the same band as my husband does. After knowing this fact, they talked as if they were a long lost brother. Lol.  We had lobster bisque fries, perfect! Salmon sashimi and oysters, fresh! And oh my god their steel city lobster roll, was insane! To my taste, it was even more delicious than the infamous lobster roll in lobster shack.  Would definitely be back here! Will have to try their sushi and desserts!~fries salmon lobster roll lobster roll sushi desserts ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZVXUayw24KMa9jTAFKC1CQ~My wife had a delicious waffle as part of their take on chicken and waffles. This was by far the best waffle I've had state side. My Mac and cheese was good. For appetizers we had tasty fried cheese curds. Their deviled eggs were ok. I like my yolkes thick with a bit of chunk, these were smooth. Not what I was looking for but for $3 they were pretty good. The price vs food quality, atmosphere, and service ratio was great and earned these folks a 4. Their outdoor patio overlooking the capitol didn't hurt either.~waffle chicken and waffles waffle mac and cheese ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~GtYL1j5hV0zWGqn6iQCv2g~Jumbo bay shrimp appetizer - YES California roll - not so much Ahi Tuna, wasabi mashed potatoes and asparagus - Yep Crab stuffed salmon, country potatoes and baby bok choy - Yes  Table chat with Robert Wholey - loved it Owner Luke stopped by the table to see how our experience was - much appreciated  Waitress service - below par  Decor a little eclectic, but somehow doesn't work.~shrimp california roll tuna asparagus salmon ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~f9awwOu-8Vm-PQrsY6fJlQ~Grab your AARP card before grabbing a bite at the RF. We used to frequent the RF previous to McGrath selling it. Back so far to the original on Camelback. I miss the RF back in the day. Now the happy hour crowd is blue haired snow birds eating free bread & yapping relentlessly about politics & foods they can't eat anymore. The food portions are smaller & bland (minus the Big ASS burger). The martini glasses are a joke in size and the service sitting at the bar was SLOW. If I were a day older I'm afraid I'd die just waiting for the food. Very disappointed from start to finish. We miss you at the RF Robert. Insert sad faces all around.~burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~uLy29dh-4GFz-RylBeYZWg~Two words: Pub.Burger. And truffle popcorn. Okay...five words. These are my favorites - and the things I've had most often at Graze. But I've also been there with friends who've raved about the chicken and waffles and the bibimbop and the mussels. It's one of those places where you always have entree envy - even though what's on your own plate is perfectly wonderful.  I also love the ambience at Graze - led by that breathtaking view of the capitol. It's gorgeous in winter, when it gets dark early and the leaves are off the trees - so you see it in all its lit-up glory. And just as pretty in the golden twilight of summer, sipping a craft cocktail and dining al fresco.   It's one of my favorite late-night spots, too. Many's the time I've had a cocktail and curds after a show at the Bartell. They always taste sssooooooo good.   What else? Oh, yes - the service is always great. I've never encountered a server who wasn't totally on his or her game. They're attentive and friendly - and they know the menu. You can't ask for more than that.  Graze is always a place I enjoy returning to.~popcorn chicken and waffles ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n7tMZjqu3pmHwt724EbZyg~Full disclosure - I usually do not take the time to write reviews.   But this was a Yelp classic.  We hit the Roaring Fork happy hour and sat outdoors on the patio. (Note:  The patio is first-come-first served.  We waited about 10 minutes)   I followed the recommendations to the letter - Signature Margarita, Green Chile Pork (with yummy tortillas) and Big Ass Burger.  Then I went off the reservation and had a Guava Mojito (yes, that is correct.)  Everything was fantastic.  Two of use ate and drank freely for under $40!    Next time we are going to eat indoors - because just as we were leaving they brought out a 20 oz. bone-in rib-eye to the table next to us.  It looked fantastic and had a mountain of asparagus on the side.   We found this place on Yelp, followed the Foodie instructions, and it was a home-run.  We visit Scottsdale about 5 times and year and this will be new stop on the tour.~pork tortillas burger guava asparagus ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JnH-h8uxf0r0XdJuIvKDAQ~There are a few things that should not be in a buffet.  Fish, for example, tastes horrible at a buffet.  Barbecued veal, which sounds like a bad idea already, tastes awful and has the texture of poorly cooked octopus tentacles in a buffet.  Desserts that have been sitting out for who knows how long, taste a bit like meat, but not like dessert.    The lamb steaks were quite good though, and I did like their creme brulee, and they sure did know how to keep the coffee coming.    Unfortunately, I really can't say much else here, except that I'm convinced that I don't want to go to another Las Vegas buffet.~desserts lamb steaks coffee ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~e4q72v0OhfRqUlr0BOG1Rg~Just don't know how to put into words how amazing that Steel City Lobster roll was at Luke Wholey's.  Instead of the lobster sitting in basic mayo with some cole slaw on a hot dog roll...this takes huge lobster pieces sauteed in butter and sits them on a hoagie roll - and, hold on, covers this with a generous ladle of lobster bisque.  Ok, sounds like a mistake - but oh my lord.  I wasn't that hungry at the time but I ate every last bit using that roll to soak up every last bit of bisque.  Homemade fries also helped to soak up that bisque.  So so good!~lobster roll hot dog butter fries ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NNZGH9zc4pyEHuHCfZ7pdQ~Honey Bears was one of my first restaurant meals in Phoenix, as I was brought here by a buddy who worked downtown and who moved here from Cali a year before I did. He was raving about it and I thought, "Well, I like BBQ. Actually, l like BBQ a LOT. Let's go!"  And, so...well...Honey Bears is what it is. A low-key BBQ joint where you can get your mess on. Decent sandwiches (chicken, brisket, etc.) and BBQ sauce - but I was thinking this was going to knock me backwards with how good it was where in reality it was just, "Well, I'd definitely eat here again, but ain't rushing to do it." The patronage can be, uh, "colorful" and "interesting" at times, especially the later at night you go (not that I have anything against people talking to themselves).  But I do appreciate that it's still there, a stalwart against all the crazy development happening around it. For those folks not living in $1 million condos on Central, they still need a place to go, eat, and drip BBQ sauce on their office clothes with not a care in the world.  3 stars.~honey honey sandwiches chicken ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~qat2pM3OpUkJFQdUZuZLPw~Oh I don't know what the big deal is. OMG!...people scream at me...you HAVE to eat at Honey Bears. It is soooo good. So I go. Hmmm...WTF. I order a pork sandwich, side o slaw and side o potato salad. Sandwich came with all the s.o.s. which on one hand is good cuz otherwise the bun would fall apart like my Aunt Helen did when I told her I was a homo. But the meat suffers from not "marinating" in said sauce. Slaw was passable but the potato salad had that weird store bought, vinegary, mustardy, icky poo cocka flavor. Ya'll know what I mean! I guess I'll just have to wait til I hang with the inlaws in San Antonio cuz then we always go to Bill Miller BBQ and sistahs let me tell you Mr. Miller knows BBQ!~honey pork sandwich potato salad ~2 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~4y8luo4WjGxn_hSEcQGLLg~Small little place in a strip mall with good food and friendly service.  The teri beef is tender and has a good flavor evident from true a true overnight marinade.  Most places will not properly marinate resulting in more or a bland flavor.  The Saimin noodles is probably the best in the valley at a Hawaiian joint.  Flavorful soup base and tender ramen noodles.  I fancy the B-1 mixed plate - hamburger steak/teri beef/curry~beef soup ramen noodles hamburger steak beef ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~_wM4SX7-wdZ98lr-YV9iJA~Good food, was here for a work lunch. I had the Miso Salmon Bento Box and it was delicious along with the Cucumber Salad. The prices aren't outrageous for lunches and they didn't appear to be busy so you can get in and get a table.   Views are amazing.~miso salmon cucumber salad ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~wdj7RUETi_lNPvbkh1UaBw~We have been in going to the strip for most of the last decade after relocating to Pittsburgh.  We enjoyed many food haunts over the years and eyed with a little skepticism Luke's new restaurant when it opened a few years ago.  The fish wholesalers taking a gamble at a restaurant?  We gave it a shot and loved it...6 visits ago!  Our latest visit was this past Saturday.  We returned hoping to find the upscale casual comfort we found before and were served that from the moment we walked in the door.  The staff made us feel very welcome with witty banter and quick service.  The whole restaurant smacked of enjoyment as we witnessed most tables full of folks enjoying beers, wine and some of their meal in a glass bloody marys.  Mind you, this was only 12:30pm!  This place has a way of making you want to enjoy MORE.  We went with iced tea and sodas as we had our daughters in tow.  Sweet tea was not on the menu but our excellent server Brian took the unsweet and delivered it with a little simple sugar to my wife to make it so.  The bisque was excellent and paired well with a side salad with lemon vinaigrette.  Enough of that starter stuff... The crab cake was very good.  If you know what a good one is supposed to be like, I don't need to explain further. In fact, I wont.  We also enjoyed the salmon club special along with our daughter ordering her regular favorite, the shrimp po'boy buffalo style and the other a salmon club special.   Note:  when ordering avocado, you get most of an avocado. Yep.  Something finally worth the up-charge in the restaurant world.  Look, the food was very enjoyable. The only thing better was the service.  Excellent and unimposing service.  While it has been a few months since we have been here, our last trip will make this destination a certain stop on our Strip District railway journey again sometime soon!  Well done Luke and the team!~tea tea salad lemon crab cake ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~zpCvW9oyNSc80s-te4Ws8w~You know. I really don't have much to say about this place that is bad. I've been there a number of times and have also had their catering.  Their beans are very good. Slightly sweet with the right amount of spice. Hot links are spot on. Pulled beef and pork sandwiches are good, but the meat could be more tender. I am very picky about my potato salad, but theirs isn't bad.~beef pork sandwiches potato salad ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~kj_6TFrPGnx7aRXWTmfQwA~Went there with my girlfriend for what I thought would be good bbq. She ordered the half chicken and I got a pulled pork sandwich.  Not only did her chicken come out pink and bleeding once but it happened twice. When I told them the first time the cashier said, "we usually have good food." So it's okay to serve bad food too? He asked how the chicken was when he was bringing in the chairs from outside and we said the same,  still pink and bleeding. All he said was oh okay and walked away. I didn't even eat my sandwich because if they couldn't cook chicken right why should I trust them to cook the pork correctly? When I went to the front to talk with them they all disappeared.  Never would I think about going back and spend my money there again.~chicken pulled pork ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~BTdzAoVXyoh_pQhixjZc4g~I've previously rated the Wynn buffet very highly and have previously had highly enjoyable meals here, but this years experience has unfortunately forced me to downgrade my rating.  1) They appear to be creating artificial queuing / waiting for some reason. I went on a Sunday night expecting it to be reasonably quiet, and yet we had to queue for 30-45 minutes. I was very annoyed when we finally were seated to see that so many tables were empty and clean (without word of exaggeration, 50-60% of tables were free) yet staff were forcing patrons to wait for long periods of time after paying, to be shown to a table.  2) The drinks service was terrible. We had an old miserable lady serve us, who clearly did not enjoy her job or want to be there. While I don't expect minimum wage staff at buffets to always be full of the joys of spring, if I am going to eat at one of the most high end and top priced buffets in Las Vegas, I expect them to be able to employ staff that can get a single drink order right, and actually bring you more than one coffee in an hour and a half period.   3) What has happened to the food? While the quality is still fairly high, the problem I was having, was trying to find enough items to group together to resemble some sort of meal consisting of similar items. I have not had this problem in the past at the Wynn and have not had this problem to this extent elsewhere. For example, if you ate at a Chinese restaurant, you might order an appetiser or two, and then for your entre, you might have a Chinese curry, served with lets say egg fried rice. Well at the Wynn buffet, there is no problem with a couple of appetisers, but when it comes to your entre, they don't seem to be serving a curry and a rice dish at the same time, you can have a rice dish and no curry to go with it, or a curry dish and no rice. While this is not the most eloquent example, I am sure you can get my meaning.  So unfortunately Wynn buffet, after making us queue for a long time for no good reason, giving us terrible drinks service and then leaving us a little disappointed with the menu selection, I'm afraid we can no longer justify paying the premium price for a buffet that we no longer feel fits into the premium category~coffee egg fried rice ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~30_hnoUAVmXa0hdxzDENyQ~Walked in and loved the ambience. Didn't make reservation but was seated quickly. Service was great and friendly. Ordered queso con puerco for appetizer and it was mouth watering, would highly recommend. Fianc ordered the big ass burger and I ordered the bacon wrapped tenderloin and both were delicious. Pretty much all food was great. Would definitely come back with friends.~burger bacon ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~8sjbGj2Ye7gzE2q4Y_2zpA~I consider this more of a 3.5 star restaurant, but gave it 4 stars due to good value and a strong effort to provide quality food and service.  Came here on a Saturday evening as I heard they had very good food.  Had the avocado salad as a starter (excellent, simple and fresh with great pickled onions and simple oil and vinegar dressing).  Also had the mashed potato balls stuffed with ground beef - nothing special as the texture was uninteresting and the flavor was mild and underseasoned.  Cuban sandwich was excellent and ropa viejo was very good, with good beans and rice.  Chorizo sandwich and Boliche looked interesting, may try on a future visit.  Finished the meal with the tres leches cake, a little different than the standard spongy cake soaked in sweet milk (more like a layer cake here with tres leches pudding) but very good.  Service was friendly and efficient, and decor was ok, nicer than one would expect from the outside, in a very unremarkable strip mall.  Overall very good, a bit out of the way, but worth the trip for something good and interesting.~avocado salad mashed potato ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~qdINS_z1jPiOPDRvqZpENg~I judge buffets by how willing I am to pay their price to eat my fill and feel disgusting later (who learns from their mistakes anyways?). And no one in my family felt like the $49.95 each was worth the aftermath.   We came unknowingly during their holiday schedule pricing, which meant that they had two time segments: pre-1pm at $39.95, and $49.95 for everyone afterwards (adult pricing). At a 1.5 hour wait, it wasn't as bad as it could have been and we got in around 3pm. But because The Buffet has been rated consistently in the top Vegas buffets, our expectations were way higher. My family also lived in Vegas during the reign of the Rio buffet - where are the days of $30 for unlimited lobster tail?  The seating and atmosphere seems pretty and spacious enough. Soft drinks, juice, and drip coffee are included with your meal. At an additional $16, you can get all you can drink beer and wine from the options provided.   Alright, food: The Good - Sea bass, game hen, prime rib - Surprisingly, the Asian section (try their BBQ pork buns) - Desserts (Crepes made to order! Gelato! Cakes! Cookies! Panna cotta! Fruit! But sadly no creme brulee...) - Restocking happened fairly quickly  The Disappointments - Skinny crab legs (they're cut in half for convenience, but would be scrawny even when whole) and a small seafood section in general - Ramen noodle bar (What is this tiny bowl? And why don't I get to decide what goes in it?)  - Most of the soups and the crab legs were monstrously salty. Felt like I was being made to eat less and fill up on water.  - Just meh selection in general (international cuisine buuut, no particularly unique dishes of note)  There are bathrooms located behind the dessert area within the buffet which you can frequent without fear of being let back inside. There were only four stalls in the women's bathroom and timing is really everything - you might arrive when it's completely empty or you'll be atoning for your last plate while in line. At least the stall doors have a "Vacant/Occupied" switch so you don't have to peel to see if someone's really behind that door.  For something advertised as a "holiday special", I felt really let down. I'm glad that at least the meal ended on a sweet note with the extensive desserts, but was the meal worth the wait and the price? No. If this is the top tier of Vegas buffets, I'll stick to fine dining in the future. Same price for better quality food and without fearing for your bowels.~coffee bbq pork ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~YpgpUxT9kH7ty3X2eW2yTQ~Came here for dinner with my family for my bday.  Had the filet Mignon with mashed potatoes.  Ordered the steak med-rare and I have to say it was okay.  The steak was a bit firm and it seemed that my husband thought the same about his porter house steak.  I can honestly say that I've had better steak at longhorn and its the same every time I do go there.  But I will say that the big ass burger my son had was delicious!!~steak steak steak steak burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EtSDYPSrFyd8njlU2vA43w~I think the Roaring Fork is the best Southwestern restaurant in the Valley. Not only for the outstanding cuisine, but also for the service. I've never spoken to an aloof idiot hostess on the phone, ever, and that's pretty much my job description (to speak with hostesses, not to deal with idiots... I'm a concierge).   It's rich and delicious, and it happens to have the best burger in town. The bar features lots of delish micro-brews, and the service doesn't disappoint in this section, either.   I'd far prefer going here than Richardson's or Rokerij any damn day of the week.~burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~O46H4qh4h1GDIkjJ-s0w2Q~My co-worker was really nice and went to buy Prairie Girl cupcakes as a mid-day pick me up for all of us. I personally love love love red velvet cupcakes. I had purchased a dozen of the normal sized cupcakes before for my boyfriend's birthday and found that the icing was a bit overwhelming because there was so much of it. I did think the icing was too much and wasn't able to finish it.  However, the mini cupcakes are honestly the perfect size, with the right amount of icing. The presentation of the cupcakes are very classic and pretty.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6OJbZ7vE3VAE5K_aJP0sZQ~I love this place for ever reason. The dcor is beautiful, fresh, and light. The view of the capital is great and it almost feels like you are sitting outside when you are inside because of all of the windows. They have chalkboards with the local produce, meat, and dairy for the week. Love it! I've been there a few times for lunch now and have not been disappointed. The menu is a little eclectic with some America and Asian choices on it. I've played it safe so far, but next time maybe I will mix it up a little!  I've had their grilled cheese with ham and it was hands down the best grilled cheese I have ever had. The caramelized onions and grainy mustard really put it over the top. Last time I had their mac and cheese with kielbasa. It looks like a small portion, but it is extremely filling and rich, I couldn't finish it. Also the best mac and cheese I've ever had... and the sauce on the kielbasa almost had a curry flavor to it which nicely complemented the mounds of cheese I was consuming.  My only complaint - and I know everyone is saying exactly the opposite of me on here - but I think they are far from the best cheese curds I've had in Madison. They might actually be on the bottom of my list. There isn't a ton of flavor and some were even overcooked so all the cheese melted out. Don't hate me, but I'm not a fan of their curds! Order the deviled eggs instead.~cheese cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~x5X_tFFFjWeQYva5gIw5ZQ~Went in 30min before 11am and they were hauling all the breakfast away to prepare for lunch service. Paid breakfast prices to score lunch meal as well. Score. Highlights: Korean BBQ ribs Corn on cob Ceviche Fruit Fried cheese ball Pork & shrimp dumplings Dessert/gelato bar Coffee-strong for those who want a potent wake me up~ribs corn ceviche cheese pork shrimp coffee ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~OZZyCiFJhTltxDbt2uIkBA~I'll start with the positive: Prairie Girl does icing right. I love their seasonal flavours, and vanilla most of all. But their cake? Blah. My husband surprised me with some minis from this location and each cupcake tasted dry and crumbly. I've been to their original location many times and used to think they were fine, but perhaps I've been spoiled by leftover cake from the Wedding Cake Shoppe.  Let's put it this way... each of the three fresh Prairie Girl cupcakes I had were drier and blander than my five weeks frozen, two days refrigerator-defrosted wedding cake.  Well, I suppose that sometimes, cake is just an icing delivery vehicle.~cake cake cake cupcakes cake cake ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~UVEBwRB_Zm2hnRexM9Jegg~i've been here twice and got the lobster roll both times. I am always skeptical of fresh seafood in inland locations but Wholey's does not disappoint. The lobster was fresh and succulent and the bread was buttery and crispy.  The first time I went to Wholey's the owner came out and talked with us. I'm convinced he was trying to set my friend up with his son. And he also asked us to stay a while so that the place would look busy.  The second time I came it was with my sister in law and her mother. Again, he asked us to sit and stay there a while so that the place would look busy. Cheesy, but nice nonetheless. During this occasion we were celebrating my sister in law's new job. It was a Tuesday afternoon and they had $5 fireball shots. Enough said.  The atmosphere is fun, the food is good and this is the go-to restaurant for fresh seafood in Pittsburgh!~lobster roll ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~w5d9X6bEucNFv2kg9A_K1A~One of our favorite restaurants here in Scottsdale!  They have a nice southwestern take on a lot of dishes that are recognizable, but I appreciate that Roaring Fork puts their own spin on things.    They offer a lovely bread basket with hot rolls and mini cornbread muffins with soft, whipped butter--a nice way to start of the meal.  We haven't tried a lot of apps but highly recommend their flatbread chicken pizza, which can also work as a meal.  The cheese they use melts so well and creates a really creamy texture paired with moist, rotisserie chicken.  Delicious!    The Spinach Chicken Waldorf Salad is amazing!  The chicken they use is the spit-roasted chicken, which is juicy and flavorful.  The salad is incredibly large, especially for the price and contents, with a good mix of ingredients, texture, and flavors.  My husband is a fan of the flavors of the "Big Ass" burger as well as the Cedar-Planked Salmon.  The Sugar-Cured Duck Breast was cooked perfectly with a nice crispy skin and great flavors between the duck and the accompaniments.  Would also highly recommend the green chili macaroni and cheese; decadent, rich, and luxuriously creamy.   We had their seasonal pie, pecan, which was warm, rich, and deep in flavor, and they paired it with plenty of ice cream (because nothing cuts sweet like sweet!).~butter chicken cheese chicken spinach chicken salad chicken chicken salad burger salmon macaroni and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ixHsdLIIjgboJWIq8o7ucg~Every Vegas buffet has a dude slicing prime rib. So, I'll use that as the first metric: I got three slices of prime rib at the Wynn, it was soft, juicy, red rare, and cut almost 3/4 inch thick. And the butt end was well-herbed and just a touch crispy. Damn fine stuff.  We spend over two hours here, sampling the whole array (except crab legs -- I'm allergic). Another staple, the shrimp cocktail, was jumbo and succulent and lacking that awful freezer burn that poorer buffets have. Other fish, including the sea bass and the three of four ceviche samplers, were all well above average. The clams with red sauce were a little better than average, but hey -- clams! The buffet sushi experiment was less successful. My instinct (stay away from buffet sushi) stands uncorrected.  The gorging potential was fantastic. Sticking to the proteins, there were cute cornish game hens that were only a touch dry, and sliced turkey that would have been better if slicer guy would have given me some dark meat. I had heard fine things about the lamb, but the lamb was not fine my friends. Both chops I sampled were way overcooked. Alas.  I had some asparagus that was also much better than expected, very nicely grilled. zucchinis and squashes, also grilled, assisted in padding all the meat in my gullet.  Carbs? desserts? No idea.  Our server was an all-star klutz, but attentive and constatly replenished our beverages -- which was some of the best unsweetened brewed iced tea I've ever had. Also, when we got a little tired we got a pot of coffee -- no extra charge, which I think is unusual. It was good. Thanks Wynn!~shrimp ceviche sushi sushi lamb lamb asparagus desserts tea coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~zPKtQ23rRpaFL83WDsvJpQ~Enter into a giant glass building. Everywhere you turn you see the outside world and your night of food and people watching begin. 7:30 at night in downtown Madison is rush hour for any establishment. Thankfully we only waited 15 minutes. While my date and I waited we were promptly greeted by a bartender. A chocolate cherry beer for me and a sour for her. Both moderately priced at $5.00  Once we were alerted that our table was ready, via phone call, we were sat at a beautiful table looking out at the capitol building. I really don't think there was a bad seat in the house. We were greeted by our server, Alyson, and right away she threw us into the wonderful menu that is Graze.   First up were our appetizers. We settled on the Pickle Board and the Soft Pretzel.   ~ Pickle Board 7 Bread butter daikon beets escabeche kimchee seasonal selection As much as I love food and prize myself on the knowledge of said subject I did not know what half these were However as soon as I saw kimchee I was sold Let me tell you it did not disappoint The beets had a sweetness to them The pickled radishes were a little crunchier than kimchee with great flavor ~Soft Pretzel $4: Sea salt, house mustards, Widmer's cheese. The mustards were fantastic. One had a horseradish flavor to it. A nice bite that goes straight to your nose. Another was a cognac grain mustard. A beautiful flavor with what I thought to be a sweet hint. The third was gone before I realized what happed. So it must have been good.    So we had our appetizers and I was already blown away. The tough part came with the entree selection. Be aware the menu is not that large but it is fresh and everything looked so good. I asked my server if she would partake in my favorite game, pick my meal. She happily obliged.   My lovely date decided on the graze burger and my server, well, I was not disappointed with her choice at all. 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rvrFATPEK-YV739qGjlscQ~Graze is definitely an experience- the food is unique and delicious. However, be prepared for the wait! I made the mistake of going to Graze with a party of 8 and we had to wait for about an hour and a half. I'd recommend going to the restaurant on the week days (where you will probably still wait) or with smaller parties.  Otherwise, good food and a fun atmosphere. I think the menu is reasonably priced and they use a local food which is always a plus! I ate the bibimbap and loved it but everything else looked amazing too.  Based on my experience, I'd recommend trying the popcorn appetizer which uses truffle oil and the wedge salad, which has a unique asian flare.~popcorn salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KGj5iixUaCb8KPIwQM6QCg~Our daughter took us here, because her and her fianc went to one in Austin. Ordered Mac n cheese, and green chili pork apps and they were amazing!!!!!!!then for dinner we all had the "big ass" burger OMG!!! We had one small issue and it was handled professionally and quick! The waiter Darrell was amazing!!!! For sure try it!!~cheese pork burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~DjjQhpvxZjuinxEtfAoYiQ~I love farm to table.  I love Madison.   So why on earth could I give a farm to table restaurant in Madison a 2 star rating?  Biggest reason: When you list twenty different providers of produce to your restaurant, you should be able to come up with at least one way to prepare said veggies without meat that is more creative than "Mac and cheese".  This is true even if you are in Wisconsin.   There are other reasons, but that is what dropped it from 3 or 4 stars to two.  Service was great, choices were unfortunate.~mac and cheese ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kgkj_z4OoBs2aLflteeFfg~Had a nice family dinner with wife and son. Service very attentive and great appetizers: green chili and lamb fondue. Entrees were good, not great (pork chop, burger & tenderloin w/bacon), in large portions so we could not have dessert. Next time will try to attend the happy hour and have other starters & appetizers only. I liked de decoration and place.~appetizers lamb pork burger bacon appetizers ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~d9ibZB6ibyWAxnL-x9EyQw~For the price, this buffet is such a disappointment. Please save your money and try another place. There wasn't much variety and the quality was subpar. We asked for coffee for our drinks and they brought us a thermost pitcher. We couldn't even drink half a cup because the coffee was watered down and tasted horrible. I really expected more of a vegas hotel buffet. Don't let the pretty decorations fool you!~coffee coffee ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CTnxupAXmS-orPwlgyv1Mw~Spinach chicken waldorf salad was superb! Boyfriend enjoy his big burger as did the kid enjoy his kids burger. The fries are delicious and the server was friendly and knowledgeable. We will certainly be returning for another wonderful exprrience.~spinach chicken salad burger burger fries ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qEStpJgsRGHGYmyH6QI4Dw~I really like the ambience! It's kind of a hidden treasure really. The "Big Ass Burger" -it's actually what it's called- was a hit! I had the Waldorf salad and it was tasty. Nice for a quiet evening with a significant other; cozy.~burger salad ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~HAmoiRgbbWXL7ZdxpILo_w~We had such a great experience that we went back the next day for lunch. My husband was dying to try the Pittsburgh style lobster roll. It was amazing. I went with the catfish bites which were fantastic as well. I highly recommend this place. We had the same waitress the next day for lunch who provides us with excellent service again.~lobster roll ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UirIu_OYIwiqoldy42KyTQ~(Late Dinner - 12.26.2009 @ ~8PM So a lot and I mean a LOT of peeps have been giving really positive reviews about the buffet at Wynn so on a recent holiday trip to Vegas this was to be the culinary highlight of our stay Ambience Really beautiful decor with lots of ornate flower arrangements However the rest of the dining room was more functional than elegant Food At around 46 a person the quality of food was rather lackluster The prime rib and rack of lamb were quite bloody and tough You d think a classy joint like the Wynn would at minimum dry age their roast a few days at least go watch that Alton Brown episode Wynn but you d be mistaken Although their other entrees were varied and creative they were either dry extremely salty or both The Cantonese style clams in fermented black bean sauce might as well have been a big ole salt lick The buffet line was quite long so by the time you get to what you want the items already on your plate have cooled off quite a bit so perhaps several trips to the line is in order if you prefer your warm food exactly that warm Seafood was uninspiring Sure you got crab legs and they re cooked quite well meaning they aren t overly salty like other places on the Strip The shrimps were quite large Smoked salmon was left out too long so had to endure dry edges Dessert What dessert Read on Service We got to the Wynn at around 7 30 ish and was burning the batteries on our iPhones trying to keep entertained for the hellacious 2 hour wait At around 9 30PM we finally started our buffet experience Now I know the posted hours say that the buffet ends at 10 00PM but does that mean you start pulling the food from the steam tables at 10 Wouldn t a classy joint like the Wynn find it courteous to wait at least an hour after the last patrons start eating before closing shop I felt REALLY bad for the huge line of peeps behind us who basically paid 46 for a rushed soup kitchen experience Needless to say the only thing for dessert we could acquire was ice cream which the server repeatedly got wrong and literally slammed the bowls on the counter top Only redeeming thing about the service was that our waiter was quite nice and accommodating for the first 15 minutes of our late dinner before he disappeared Oh and I f cking hate it when soda refills are stored in pitchers where they spend the night going flat and getting diluted from melting ice Summary Spend your hard earned money and priceless time elsewhere the Wynn is really a Loss all hype ~lamb brown black bean sauce shrimps smoked salmon 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_-_cwIX3bEu3bzZFGzUU4Q~My wife and I stopped in here for happy hour and sat at the bar.  The bar tender was a neat guy that made us feel welcome.  I had the hamburger and I was surprised by the quality and size.  The happy hour price was a really good deal.~hamburger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Xf8UNntj9sCgqKPmNQGZKA~Graze is just OK. I've been here a few times and had OK experiences, but nothing too amazing. Their mac and cheese and cheese curds are great, but a standard burger that is "farm to table" is pretty lackluster. As far as drinks go, I ordered a margarita that was not spectacular. It seemed too expensive for the quality.  The environment, however, was very nice right off the square.~mac and cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CgY4bG7pbNCCGjyqh2lK7Q~Been here with adults only and with the whole family Usually get the  Big Ass Burger and Green Chili Mac and Cheese. Both are supreme dishes and prepared to perfection.  You can't go wrong here. The half chicken is amazing and the Shirt ribs are some of the Best. Always come back and bring new people to this spot.~burger mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~g37H9_mrVOmj5xczDsKU5g~Did the breakfast buffet and it was okay.  If you want anything special done to your coffee it'll cost you extra.  Sadly the coffee wasn't that great to drink it just black.  The options were okay, but nothing was really striking or stood out.  Even for breakfast they had a full desert section which looked decant but again nothing really stood out.  Items like the candied apple stand out, but have you had one?  It's terrible, overly hard sugar that will crack your teeth over an apple.  Kind of a waste.  They did have a really cool gingerbread Wynn at the front of the buffet for the holidays though.~coffee coffee apple apple ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~SZwme0WJOXfxBFIEAf59Bg~Breath taking scenic views, recommend a sunset dinner and eating outside weather permitting. Inside the views are panoramic of the city / mountains and still spectacular.   Starred out with the Fiery Calamari and Truffle Mac n' Cheese for our appetizers.   The Fiery Calamari was prepared excellent with a nice crisp batter but not to hard or soggy. It was flavored with a Thai Basil, Peppercorn and Miso Scallion Vinaigrette. A little kick but not to spicy.   The Truffle Mac n' Cheese was in a mascarpone Italian cheese made from cream with cavatelli pasta shells and beech mushrooms. Very tasty but almost ordered the soft shell crab steamed bun.  Our Main Entre were the Bacon Wrapped Filet of Beef, Hoisin Braised Short Ribs , Kurobuta Pork Chop and the Miso Glazed Salmon.  The Bacon Wrapped Filet was prepared in a Balsamic Onion, Trumpet Mushrooms along with Blue Cheese Whipped Potatoes and wrapped in bacon. Very tender and flavorful. Awesome for the meat lover.  The Hoisen Braised Short Ribs came with Japenese Yams, Spinach and Shitake Mushrooms topped with Lotus Root. The  Meat on the ribs fell off the bone and was so tender and flavorful, I personally love the flavor of Hoisin.   The Kurobuta Pork Chop was a huge serving as it was actually 2 cuts of Pork Chops with double bones. The Pork chops were accompied with Brussel Sprouts and Bacon with an incredible 5 spice honey drizzle. I could have used an extra cup of the 5 spice honey drizzle just to dip eat slice of Pork chop. Gary our waiter told us that the Kurobuta Pork Chop is the Kobe Beef of Pork Chop. Another excellent dish.  The last entre that we ordered was the Miso Glazed Salmon served with Soba Noodles, Ginger, Bok Choy and Shitake Mushrooms. All the flavors were excellent, moist and tender.  I loved the Asian flare that all the dishes had with many of my favorite flavors and many new asian sauces.  We ended our meal with the Salted Caramel Cheesecake which was a work of art by itself. The cheesecake had a black sesame tuile on top, with huckleberry coulis and topped with smoked bacon ice cream with a circular frozen sugar accent.   Be prepared, all parking is valet, not unless you want to take a nice little hike up the hill.  Gary was our waiter and was excellent, he met all our needs and more for dinner. Gary also presented us with 2 - Coconut Lime Cupcakes, one for our anniversay and the other for my birthday, they were like heaven.  Besides the exceptional complete meal was my highlight of the evening as Gary setup our family to meet Chef Beau Macmillan,  Chef McMillen came to our table and spoke to us and thanked us for celebrating our anniversary and birthday at his restaurant, I asked him about his chefs table dinner and he gave us his business card if we were interested in his personal chefs table meal and at the end of our meal invited our family into his kitchen where we were able to take a photo with him.  All I can say is the experience was incredible from the atmosphere, service, exceptional view to one of the best meals I have ever had to the gracious hospitality of Chef Beau Macmillan.   Can't wait to come back to try the Chef's Table.  This was one of the most, if not the most memorable meal I have ever had and if you don't go you are missing out on one of the premier restaurants in Arizona.   Thanks Chef Beau Macmillan for an exceptional meal and experience!   Definitely 5 Plus Stars!~cheese appetizers thai miso cheese cheese pasta mushrooms bacon beef ribs pork miso salmon bacon onion mushrooms cheese bacon ribs yams spinach mushrooms lotus root ribs pork pork pork bacon honey honey pork pork beef pork miso salmon soba ginger mushrooms caramel bacon ice cream coconut lime cupcakes ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4QVwwI0_ypMirouY7gmkuQ~I'm sorry, I'm over buffets. Even this one doesn't impress me anymore and it's become a waste of money. When I was younger, I could eat and eat and eat but on this last trip to The Buffet, not that much looked appetizing to me. This most recent trip was for Sunday Brunch (~ 35 after tax tip Not sure if there is a kids price but there is no seniors price haha 70 minute wait we got there around 10 40am and the line wasn t even out the normal buffet area yet when we left at 1 30 it wrapped around the corner for who knows how long you could pay 15 per person to by pass the line ha 5 more gets you unlimited bubbly great servers and friendly staff very attentive with clearing plates and bringing drinks what s up with changing out the breakfast items at 1 30pm did the price change I heard breakfast was only 20 hmm the quality seems to go down each time I come here ie the crab legs were previously frozen and old the prime rib was cooked medium and dry the crepe was premade and cold the ice cream sorbet is always good and I like that they change out the flavors ie egg nog was delicious this is not about brunch but when we came to the dinner buffet last year people got sick very sick cough cough ~ice cream/ egg 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~f0LLNIQ0hSwhVDHHj4vcDA~Fresh Baked Bread to start! Great Tortilla Soup! A Good "Big Ass" Burger Great Service!~soup burger ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~uGmoWVKeUHEsd-i6beA6_A~The lobster roll here is really great. I've only been here once because I can never make it to the strip district during normal hours but I would definitely come back again. The service was particularly okay and the Bloody Mary was pretty good too! You can never go wrong with seafood and theirs is always fresh and delicious!~lobster roll ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~OaZqGPFH19f1hh4MorJ0_Q~Graze occupies one of my favorite urban spaces in all of Madison, the old FirstStar bank plaza on the Capitol Square, next door to the (overpriced, overrated) L'Etoille. There are lots of big windows with great views of the Capitol building. I'd been here a couple of times to sample what may be the best selection of Wisconsin brews in town, but had never dined. The menu is small but eclectic, with a variety of oddball dishes (chicken and waffles?). Started with the goat meatballs . . . these were somewhat bland at first (particularly the meat), but the flavor grew on me after a few bites. I went with the Burger of The Week, which had onions carmelized in beer, ham, and coarse-grain mustard with greens. Very delicious, everything tasted fresh (not surprising given that their ingredients are all locally sourced). But the real star here was the french fries . . . they do literally melt in your mouth. They are also served with an aioli sauce, so for once I didn't have to ask for a side of mayo! My recommendation for now would be to get anything that has fries, but I look forward to returning and sample some of their other unique dishes.~chicken and waffles meatballs burger greens french fries ~4 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~yn65wglWWMGLQJtqLXvCgA~Took our daughter out for lunch on our way back home.  The service was excellent - Jessica was GREAT!  We had the Crab Shack, Phat Patti's Veggie and the Morty's Steakhouse burgers.  All of them were done to perfection and tasted fantastic.  Where they seemed to have real issues was with everything that was deep fried.  The onion rings would have had a great flavor but it was masked by the excessive grease left over from the deep frier - not worth the $ 7.50 we were charged given the poor quality!  The Chipotle-horseradish sour cream dipping sauce was very good but not good enough to warrant the $ 0.75 we were charged for an additional side portion.  The fires were limp and served colder then they should have been and their chips were over cooked and very greasy - possible issues with their deep frier temperature...  There was a $ 1.50 up charge to substitute the fries for their chips  - what a waste of $ 3.00 on the up charges!  The Caramel - Pretzel milkshake was very good but slightly more expensive than what I thought it should have been.  To recap, have one of their great burgers with a treat of a milkshake but skip the chips and fries.~burgers onion rings horseradish sour cream chips fries chips caramel milkshake burgers milkshake chips fries ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~nP6fUA1YmWO5GIQEWkoY7g~Three stars for now, and I want to go back a second time as I think it has potential.  Since I don't like spicy hot (but never give up on it) I asked for something not spicy and they gave me a dish that was extremely hot and I ate only a small amount of it.  I found out later that Butter Chicken would have been a better bet, so maybe that will be worth a try.  I didn't like the salad, it was a bit of lettuce and cucumbers and a couple of carrots with a watery dressing.  The naan was excellent and plentiful so I did not go away hungry.  Couldn't stop eating it.  Service was friendly and helpful.  Interesting to watch the guys behind the counter walking aimlessly around in circles but getting it done. It's a few weeks ago and I can't remember if the cutlery was real or plastic.  They would lose a star for plastic and/or paper plates.  I think they used a combination of paper and real plates, again not sure.  They heat up the food in the microwave but I tried to ignore that.  The food on display was impressive and very attractively displayed, I just wish I could eat some of it without my mouth being on fire.  In case you've never been there, it is a long steam table with many items.  Unpretentious and comfortable.  Very clean though I did not see the washrooms.  Back I go one of these days for another try, there has to be something there for me.~butter chicken salad lettuce ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~hhPGFlk-BoqjEgxaYPGgcw~In one week of being in Phoenix I stopped at this place 3 times because they have a great happy hour! All we had were drinks and apps, but they were all very good and great priced. I mean $5 for a Manhattan is just crazy and it was very good. They Huckleberry margarita was also amazing. Service was also very good and I like atmosphere. Get in there for a "Big Ass" burger!~burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EmC2SEBthHa1eH-f2bGM8w~My absolute favorite place for happy hour, and during the summer happy hour lasts all night!!! I've never actually eaten dinner here because the happy hour food menu is enough to fill you up, but I think I've tried almost all the items on the happy hour menu and I would recommend every one: Ahi tacos, guacamole, green chile pork stew, big ass burger, seared ahi, lamb chops and fondue and the drink specials are all mouth wateringly delicious! Also, they have bleu cheese stuffed olives which top off an already perfect dirty martini. I'm in heaven in this place and go back often.   The bar area isn't too large, but happy hour is offered on both patio areas also, one of which is screened in and cooled. Very reasonable prices for happy hour items also, especially for the quality and quantity you receive.~tacos pork burger lamb cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~E3WbWOs2cwIj8LvY2XTx-A~One of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.  The Happy Hour here is amazing, they offer $5 Margaritas and reduced priced appetizers.  The size of the appetizers is significant so they can easily substitute for a dinner entree.  I usually order the Big Ass Burger for $10 (the name is pretty accurate). My son and husband usually get the Kettle of Green Chile Pork and the Pork Wings respectively, often times paired with a salad. Happy Hour begins at 4pm and there is often a line waiting to get in, well worth the wait!    If we forgo the Happy Hour menu, which is rare, I usually order the Bacon-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with White Falls Mill Cheese Grits and Mexican Street Corn and my husband gets the Rib Eye, both are delicious!  Definitely make reservations if going for dinner, it can get crowded.~appetizers appetizers burger pork pork salad bacon pork white cheese grits corn ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nNlSp_Qcc2GEqvf45MjAGA~I LOVE this place. Whether you are a local or a winter visitor, you can't go wrong with Roaring Fork (RF).    1.  They have THE BEST happy hour.  $10 Big Ass Burger and $8 green chilie pork are the favorites.  Everyone LOVES the HH food - it is top quality.  I do the $5 vodka martini - very generous pour. HH is from 4 - 7 Tues through Sat. HH is all night long on Sun and Mon. 2.  The barendars are THE BEST. George, Stefan, Derek, Christine, and Mark, make every customer feel special. 3. The dinner menu is stellar and have enough variety for your entire party. 4. Based on all the above, the place is PACKED at all times. Plan accordingly.~burger pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5WSCfG7BMWyRoJX_p3ImFA~We went there for the breakfast/brunch on a Sunday. Pretty good food, but the wait was horrible, a bit over an hour standing there hungry. If you go early (i.e. before 9), it's supposed to be a lot faster.  The made to order omelettes were pretty good, and the bacon was crispy, as were the waffles. I don't recommend the cupcakes, however, they taste like they came out of a box. The other baked goodies and breads were good. We didn't try any of the seafood, and the prime rib was decent but not great. The fruit salad was better than other places, but we had a hard time finding good fruit in Vegas. The price includes juice, sodas, coffee or tea, but if you want an espresso drink of some sort, they charge you extra and have to go to the bar, which means a long wait. The servers were good and very friendly. For a buffet, it was pretty decent, but don't expect gourmet restaurant cuisine.  Lovely hotel though.~bacon cupcakes breads salad coffee tea ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Xold_IIrP-BJruEDX1alnw~Great happy hour menu, make sure you get the pork green chili or the big ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~DBIiyTP3CDSOArjy-QMX9Q~Checked it out for Happy Hour yesterday.  Get there early because it gets packed!  We managed to swipe a table in the back.    Good service!  Margaritas were tasty and cheap.  The Big Ass Burger is BIG.  I don't think I could finish it on my own, and I am a burger guy!  We split it in quarters and shared it.  It was delish!  What else?  The pork stew thing was my favorite and the Lamb Chop fondue dish was decadent!  I would say it is a bit more pricey than most Happy Hours, but then again, the quality is pretty high!  The crowd was a little more...  conservative than I normally like but all good right?~burger burger pork lamb ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8U-4wiwNRuZgRXPeuXA2Wg~This was one of the best meals I've had in Madison!  I went to school there so coming back 5 years later I went to some old favorites but decided to try somewhere new as well and was very impressed with it here. To start I had the seasonal punch which was peach flavored and absolutely delicious. My boyfriend and I split the graze burger and the mac and cheese with pulled pork, both of which were stellar! The atmosphere of the place and the view of the Capitol wasn't too shabby either!  Will definitely be making this place a must-go next time I'm in town.~peach burger mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6o6mKrWuN8TrWV1jpDMvAw~First of all, delicious food!  I had the Big Ass burger and it did not disappoint!  Their Chicken Tortilla soup is one of the best I've ever had.  And you have to try their green chili mac and cheese! We had a group of 10 girls for my friend's bachelorette party and they were great!  I made reservations about a week before, and they had the table set up, confetti included, ready for us! Our waitress was outstanding, and I couldn't have asked for a better group dinner!~burger chicken soup mac and cheese ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~fNg0QlbdzylGuFPzakt_wA~Ordered the Curry Mix with Chicken Katsu, Hamburger Beef, and BBQ Steak, Spam Saimin, and Thai Tea. The food portions are large and for a great price. Fried rice is tasty. Mac salad is yummy and creamy with flavor. Large Thai Tea was really large, and just 3.00, for a 32 oz!!! Overall, a pretty great place for a great price. If you are looking for local desserts, not quite the place. They offer fried ice cream...no malasadas....or any kine of haupia pie..~chicken hamburger beef steak thai tea fried rice salad thai tea desserts ice cream pie ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JoAz7Zx8RP2z555s13yteg~My boyfriend and I love this place. The cheese curds are the best in Madison, and every entree we have ever had has been phenomenal. The graze burger in particular is to die for and is totally worth the $21 price tag. We have never had a poor experience with service, though it usually is a long wait. We have resorted to having a late dinner (~9 30pm just so that we can go there and walk right up to get a table ~cheese burger 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~CoOgXRgZO3k2xLfSjcL_ow~Very thorough selection with solid quality. It isnt your meal for 1.99 Vegas classic, but you can be sure that you won't be sick after it! A variety of American, Japanese, Mexican, Indian, and everything in between food. The dessert room (yes, a whole room) is large, with fresh ice cream in addition to the pastries and cakes. A large selection of teas if coffee isnt your thing. Lines can be long, but move quickly. Usually a hook up can be acquired if you're staying there and are gambling (as we do).~ice cream pastries coffee ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~mwWBtE1Yz1n0aqAoPBY0zA~I came here for dinner with my bf on a Friday night. We both got a pizza cone combo with an upgrade of tornado fries. The staff were super nice and friendly. There's seating inside but it's a bit limited. Luckily there's plenty of outdoor seating in the plaza. The concept is pretty unique, it's the first pizza cone I had so I wasn't sure what to expect. I got the Hawaiian pizza cone, as I'm a big fan of pineapple. I wasn't disappointed, there's plenty of pineapples, ham and cheese! The cone was pretty much what I expected, pizza in the form of a cone minus the tomato sauce and plus lots more cheese. My bf got the spicy chicken pizza cone which had plenty of peppers, and wasn't super spicy. They do offer Parmesan cheese as a topping for their tornado fries which was a plus.~fries pineapple cheese tomato cheese chicken cheese fries ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gU2x1aj93Fc6qua7HZZLZA~Okay, honestly, Honey Bear's couldn't hang in Memphis, Birmingham, Houston, or Lockhart  ... and fortunately for them, they don't need to 'hang' because they are smoking their meats in the BBQ wasteland of Phoenix, AZ.    Because I fancy myself a BBQ expert (note: I'm more of a brisket purist), its difficult to rate HB's based on the integrity of the THEIR OWN meat and not as a comparison to others Valley and Nation-wide. This is exactly 'why' I think many of their rating suffer because everyone has undoubtedly had better BBQ elsewhere, wherever you may hail from, and it takes a stringent push from one's own natural reflexes to resist matching HBs up to 'local awesome BBQ joint'.  BBQ connoisseurs are funny like that.  So, overall, HB's earns a 3-star based on the following:  Pork Ribs - I'm more of a beef rib expert, but these ribs were generous and plentiful in their combo plate.  I was surprised that there was very likely a whole half-rack on my plate.  They are very tasty even without the sauce, with a nice peppery rub that did not dry out the meat.  Smoked Chicken - Juicy but slightly greasy.  This is amongst the most difficult smoked meat to pull off due to the propensity for it to become a stringy, dehydrated mess.  I don't think I would order it again, but the flavor was pretty decent and I don't regret trying it.  Pulled Pork - I got a 1/2 lb of pulled pork as a side meat, along with a couple of extra buns to make as a half-sandwich (a glob of meat on a half bun, folded over like a taco).  This is the only time I typically use sauce to counterbalance the white bread, whether its pork, brisket, or sausage.  I was surprised by how dry the pork was, particularly because pork is fatty and juicy, but here at HB's it was extra lean.  I thought I would hate the pork bc of this fact, but the sauce saves it from being a choking bolus of pig and flour.  Now I understand why they typically put this on a full bun and drown it in sauce.  As the 'specialty' of this restaurant, its kind of a gaffe that the quality is poor, but as a consumer, I'd order it again in limited amounts, and only as a 'side'.  Why?  Because I can provide my own perfect ratio of bread:pork:sauce.  Otherwise, I don't think that HB's could build me a pulled pork sandwich I could be happy with.  Sauce - If you don't know any better you'd think it was tip-top.  Sure, its 'pretty good', but its most-definitely a one-note mixture.  Too sweet for their peppery rubs.  A spicier sauce would do the trick better, IMO.  Corn on the Cob - Serviceable, but soggy and strangely devoid of spices typical of southern cuisine.  Cowbro Beans - Awesome.  Smokey flavor, thick sauce, and chunks of their smoked sausage.  Great compliment to a BBQ dinner.  Soda Fountain - The city's best.  BBQ restaurant staples such as 1a) Dr Pepper 1b) Big Red.  Their 'cola' is RC and they have Hines Rootbeer, Sunkist, Country Time Lemonade, and 7-Up.  They did some solid research on the fluid necessities of BBQ palates.  They also have a fridge of beer.  Price -  All that, which I described above came out to $33 with a large tip because the guy behind the counter was very cool.  It fed two hungry people during the season finale of LOST, with plenty extra for leftovers.  Very pleased in this area.  Overall - Hey, its PHX, and here we are better adapted to 'fill-ins' for our favorite spots back home.  It happens in every culinary category, from philly cheesesteaks to fish n chips; gnocchi to Q.  Why should this place be any different?~honey pork ribs beef ribs chicken pulled pork ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~I2azwz43455MiKtY5dau7A~In my opinion, people who complain about the Wynn Buffet being an expensive buffet have to keep in mind where they are: at a buffet. If they want an all-the-steak-they-can-eat $10.99 buffet, walk down the street to Circus Circus. If they want the best ingredients in town, don't go to a buffet. There's tons of fantastic restaurants to choose from.  However, as buffets go, the Wynn is our favorite (aside from the Sterling brunch at Bally's, but that's over the top) for good food, lots of it, and no fuss. The quality and variety can vary -- I read an interesting review on here about the ethnicity of the kitchen staff versus the best food, and I think he's right that there is a connection. However, the desserts are also wonderful -- the coffee ice cream is possibly the best I've ever had. All are homemade and a cut above the usual.   Compared to other buffets, such as the fairly good Paris, the pretty good Mandalay Bay, and the mediocre Luxor, the Wynn is a wee bit more expensive (though I admit I have not tried the Bellagio) but worth the money. Two suggestions, however: be careful what time you go, as there is almost always a line. Second, go later in the shift. For example, if brunch ends at 11:30 and lunch begins at 12:00, go at 11:15 -- you pay the less expensive breakfast price and can get lunch too.~steak desserts coffee ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~J-Oi3OsSz73Kj-dfdy2uqg~For the price and the class of the hotel, this buffet was a bit of let-down. I didn't get the high class quality I had at the Bellagio or Cosmopolitan buffet.   They had crab legs, only cold ones, in a messy pile. I've had warm steamed ones at  much lower level buffet restaurants. Sushi seemed to have been refrigerated for a while. I didn't like the taste of coffee for some reasons, but I guess I'm just too picky.  Tables were crammed in. I felt like I was sitting at a food court, sort of.   Overall foods taste all good, but I give this buffet the same grade as Mirage's Cravings, which is much cheaper.~sushi coffee ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~RTqKLkx02zG39dv7aYtbBA~fantastic food and cute host, the spider roll is yummy,  and especially the corstini bread in the mussel dish is the best corstini I've ever had. Crab cake is so good as well, and i love their oyster combined with different two types which are fresh and worth to try.~crab cake ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~hu_aPMcB8ij5jyuCyafusQ~I remember reading about this place in NOW magazine years ago and we were driving by, I needed water and so we stopped and I ran in. I saw the line up of amazing looking foods! I ran out, grabbed boyfriend and we went in and ordered food! I had a combo of the butter chicken and I think tikka masala (can't remember) now. Everything was great and the meal included naan! Know that you're eating in a fast foody feeling environment, next to a car wash, where you're surrounded by taxi drivers (who clearly know their food). Don't come here for a romantic dinner, come for the great food! Prices are pretty good as well! Mmmm..am hungry thinking about it!~butter chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Q8tx95upGgzDvClJxM4BWQ~Graze is one of my favorite mid-upscale places to eat in Madison. The quality of their food and drinks is outstanding, and it is clear that a lot of thought goes into the menu. The cocktail menu has something for most tastes, and seems to rotate - the last time I was at Graze, all of the cocktails had Will Smith themes. Currently, they are all Shakespeare-related. Clever and fun!  I highly recommend the bibimbap for a twist on the classic Korean dish. The crisped rice cakes at the bottom are fantastic. Their charcuterie and mac and cheese with pulled pork are excellent as well.  No reservations and a modestly sized menu are the only downsides - if you are an extremely picky eater or in a hurry, you may want to save your Graze experience for a different time.~mac and cheese ~5 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~Okx-yWqXyRcI_SvvKgQNAw~There are no surprises here- it tastes just like pizza, just in a cone shape and without tomato sauce. I don't particularly like tomato sauce too much anyway, so that was a plus for me! I liked how the cone was not greasy, and it didn't become soggy, but remained crispy. It also wasn't messy to eat, unlike burritos or tacos, probably because the cheese held all the ingredients together. They put a LOT of cheese in it- if you're not a huge fan of cheese, you probably wouldn't like it too much.   The portion size is quite small; don't expect to be full from just the cone. I got the yummy cone special combo with tornado fries, and that along with the drink are likely what filled me up. My friend ordered the hot & spicy chicken combo with onion rings. He got a large amount of onion rings, and they weren't over-battered nor over-deep-fried. For an extra $3, I think it's worth getting a combo.   For a meal that's more like fast-food, the wait time was way too long. It took 13 minutes for us to get our food after ordering! I guess that's why they ask if you'd want your side before the cone or at the same time.  We also got tricked by Groupon's wording. :( $12 for 2 groupons, worth $10 each. It's $10 per two people (despite the small print stating "limit one per person"). So you can't use two $10 groupons in one visit with two people. I guess I will have to be back, now that I have another groupon to use up.~tomato tomato burritos tacos cheese cheese cheese fries chicken onion rings onion rings ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~PZezMpibADw4a1AvnRnJgA~Late night- Street meat, Mcdonalds, Deli food ....hmmm...OH how about KING PALACE!!!   less then $15 you get yourself a three meat combo and they have such a large selection. Items are very spicy , which i love and at this time of the night when there are no other options. AMAZING!  Everybody that i have brought here have loved this place. The butter chicken is amazing, but has gotten more and more sweeter over the years. That is why I always get the chicken tikka masala as well.  I think that there may have been a change in ownership and the original owners opened up a place called King Place. I have not been there as of yet, i think that is on my TO do list.~butter chicken chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~bdzwy1QRQJX4Cwv_yfCCnw~Zing Zing Zing!! Honey Bear's BBQ is my go to BBQ spot in downtown phoenix.  Meal of choice: is the pulled chicken sandwich, coleslaw, and tall RC Cola.   I usually eat my sandwich open face with lots of sauce. Luckily, they always have a kettle of warm and zingy BBQ sauce available for the dine in guests. Beyond the BBQ being spot on the sides always seem to be just as delicious. Coleslaw, Mac n Cheese, Potato Salad, Sweet Potato Fries, etc............  My only qualm as of recently is it seems they have changed the coleslaw a bit. They made the portion larger which is awesome! But it's got some new things in it and I didn't enjoy it as much as usual. Bring back the old stuff!!~honey chicken sandwich ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~KTvRWIGs3kGjiz-9YJCraw~This place used to be the best. But about 6 months ago I started noticing a slight decrease in quality. The butter chicken is much greasier than it used to be. The nan is still good, but they increased the price to about $13 for a meal, which is slightly more than I want to pay for the decreased quality.   We used to go every week, but now its less than once a month and~butter chicken ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ooiaxjBDE2qQ_mH_IlA4DQ~Honestly, I was just parking here to go around the corner to get my eyebrows done. Figured I'd order something as I was using there lot.. But that was a horrible idea.   THEY MICROWAVE THE FOOD. They have a hot table but I assume it doesn't work.. So they nuke everything, IN STYROFOAM containers... HELLO CARCINOGENS. No idea how long everything had been sitting there, but some trays of food had thick layers of grease built up on the top.  I walked in around 6pm and they had trays of food lining every possible free space, but there were NO customers. A couple cabbies walked in as I left. I ordered a butter chicken and rice combo, and almost walked out without the salad and drink it was supposed to come with because I had to ASK for the drink and salad, as opposed to the server just giving me what the combo entailed. And the butter chicken tasted insanely sweet, probably the worst butter chicken I have ever had. Don't know who came up with that recipe. I had a couple spoonfuls and tossed it in the bin. I really had higher expectations for this place considering the insane amount of food they have out..  Would have been better off just paying for parking on the street.. :(~butter chicken salad salad butter chicken butter chicken ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BL_9qld1YIb5SdP1YdIEaQ~One of my favorite restaurants in the valley!   They have the best happy hour location and best burger.  Great decor and excellent waitstaff!~burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~aqORszxT7R4VOFK10KH-ww~We went for happy hour on a Friday at 6:30. Waited 12 minutes for a table  for four - not bad considering how crowded they were. The place was relaxing and accommodating (we had a disabled companion with us).  Our server was Shay and she was as good a waitress as I have ever had. Just the right combination of personable, helpful, efficient and not over-fawning. I would go back just to be in her section. Ask for her - you will not be disappointed! The food was fabulous. I had the Green Chile Pork Stew (on Shay's recommendation) and I now crave it. Hubby had the Big Ass burger which was just that. And while it was excellent, it could not be called a signature dish like mine. The tortilla soup was very good and surprising.  We enjoyed the salads as well. We all had the Guava Mojito which was quite good. Our dining companions raved about the Huckleberry Margaritas which they had on a previous visit so we are looking forward to trying them next time. I would like to try another dish but I suspect I will not be able to resist the pork stew. I highly recommend this restaurant and it is now at the top of our list of relaxed, delicious, reasonably priced happy hour spots in Scottsdale. We WILL be back!~pork burger soup salads guava pork ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~2pmuqNA2UszGImRp0KeXBQ~I am a total cupcake fan girl so when my friend hyped about PG cupcakes I had to try them. I don't live in Toronto so I was really hoping that their cupcakes were amazing.  PG cupcakes isn't easy to find if you don't know the area. It's hidden underground in the First Canadian Place right by the food court.  There was a line when I got there around mid afternoon. The line wasn't slow yet fast. I bought a dozen mini cupcakes to share with my family and friends so I got the chocolate with strawberry and vanilla icing, vanilla with chocolate icing, and the red velvet cupcakes. These came up to $18.95 (no tax included). The packaging is very nice and the storefront is cute...but did the cupcakes taste amazing? I thought the cake tasted like any other cupcake and there was a bit too much icing. However, I liked the strawberry icing because you can actually tell that they used real strawberries.  Next time I'll just stick to buying cupcakes around the Mississauga area or just make them myself. PG cupcakes weren't worth the drive to Toronto.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JS0fskkBkekxzt06mE1org~This is an amazing buffet and the best value in the Wynn!    Any restaurant in the Wynn will charge minimum $18-25 per entree, and drinks are added on.   At the buffet, coffee/ice/tea and even the amazing juiced drinks ($9-11 on their own outside the buffet) are included!    Best value is going about 10:30 am and you get breakfast, plus lunch items when they change over at 11.    Our family of 4 ate there and my husband and I didn't eat again the rest of the day!!!~coffee tea ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xD4AWuHuoA8GmMzlPXxx5w~The barbecue chicken is delicious. I only gave it three stars because they only serve it on Fridays. Bummer.~chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wlNuN7YTNFYOsvzr5AgLTQ~Wow I can't believe I went to a buffet and I actually felt like I got my money's worth.  We don't eat meat so we were happy to see various seafood options.    I tried the salmon, lox, sushi, indian food, a piece of french toast, shrimp cocktails, all kinds of veggie sides, and tons of desserts. :) There's nothing that will make you go OMG! but it's a buffet so that's expected. Definitely a great place to have brunch and recover from a night of no sleep.   The decor is fun, something out of Alice in Wonderland and the service is prompt to get in and relaxed and polite once you're inside.   We spent over two hours here leisurely trying small portions of each thing so we wouldn't feel stuffed.  Ended it with a cup of coffee and awesome company. :)~salmon sushi french toast shrimp desserts coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ifEiLPYH2ZTHsd7veUNqsw~yet another californian who reviews vegas =)  have been going to wynn buffet for quite some time and have been going to bellagio buffet before this one and... this one takes the cake.   the line is normally 1hr+ wait but once you get there, you're extra hungry and it's worth it. i love the sections where you can customize your own pasta, congee, noodles, etc.   the prime rib is too bloody for me but sometimes they'll have things like kobe beef, they usually have duck, lamb, etc.   shrimp + crab are always good although the quality of the crab varies from time to time. there's usually always a line for seafood. who'd think that you go to the dessert for seafood haha  servers are usually pretty decent considering the amount of people they have to care for, haven't had too many problems despite the few times when i had to go without diet coke for 10 minutes. you just have to be aggressive and know how to flag them down (because they for sure will not come to you asking if things are ok)  desserts are mostly okay.. i always get a bunch just to sample them and see what's good and always with coffee. they have ice cream, cake, mousse, pie, etc. some are ok, some are AMAZING. ahhhh overload.   the wait time is really the only thing you can complain about here... well, and your expanding waistline.~cake pasta beef lamb shrimp coke desserts coffee ice cream cake pie ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~br7uLvNaXXLpe-LWP9ZgzA~My favorite happy hour spot... And my cousin agrees! We have come here several times for their fabulous kettle chilli verde pork and martinis. Both of these items are on the happy hour menu. Other favorites are the flatbread, big ass burger (yes it's ginormous), and their amazing fish tacos.  My best friend loves their huckleberry margaritas. I've been coming to this place for happy hour for the past 7 years and will be a continuing customer because of their delectable and affordable bites. Thank you RF!~pork burger tacos ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~-U6CW9XWEKAS22Dfuk_7Tw~Never again. I bought 4 regular sized cupcakes from here on Thursday and today (Saturday) we still have two left. A big feat in our household but not really because these cupcakes suck.  The Red Velvet, the first one we tried, was grainy and chalky. The icing and the cake somehow resembled sand and left an unpleasant texture in our mouth. A few hours later we persevered and tried the Coconut one. While the cake was actually moist it was still a terrible cupcake. The icing to cupcake ratio is WAY off. I have never considered scraping off icing into the garbage until I tried these cupcakes. The coconut shreds on top were so dry and tasteless.  Update: Tried the other two: Blueberry and Cream and Peanutbutter Banana. I don't know what to tell you Prairie Girl but the colour blue doesn't equal the flavour blueberry. I've tried several crayons and the same holds true of orange, just for future reference. Peanutbutter Banana one was actually decent, but not worth $3.  And what about this place is meant to be anything about a Prairie or Girl? It looks like the store was designed by a corporate robot who moved to the city and couldn't comprehend interior decorating or touches of design.  None of the cupcakes in the sparse display had name tags. Instead you had to look and pick off a wall menu with pictures. Hello, have you ever been to a bakery? Did you think it was not enticing to see the actual cupcake next to it's name?  The icing on the cupcake was the man behind the counter didn't want to fill up my water bottle because he wasn't sure about the tap water. TORONTO TAP WATER. IN A BAKERY.  Wow, this place makes me so mad. I will never in my life recommend this place to anyone.~cupcakes cupcakes cake coconut cake cupcakes coconut banana banana cupcakes ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~vVkQkv6vXLVKUsFZNE9ktg~Good eats.  My food was just short of epic.  The beef sandwich was delicious and the pork ribs were fantastic.  The ribs are not skimpy on the meat and it comes right off the bone.  Loved the sauce, very tangy and has a good kick.  I arrived just before the lunch crowd began to pick up.  Looks like it can get a bit hectic when large crowds come due to all the people swarmed around the small counter ordering and picking up their meals.~beef sandwich pork ribs ribs ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4WWbuC0icecRreAC5wkDjg~Ate here while visiting the Scottsdale, AZ area celebrating my sister-in-law's 50th birthday.  I was under pressure to find a restaurant that all 10 in our party would like (including 2 children; ages 2 & 7).  I looked on Yelp and picked the Roaring Fork based on the reviews.   It's in an office building, but don't let the outside fool you.  It is very nice inside and looks like it would seat ~200 easily We went on a Monday evening about 6pm and we had about a 10 min wait without reservations I would recommend reservations for any weekend or for special occasions I can see this place getting busy The service was good and the food was excellent When you walk in you will notice chickens on the rotisserie straight ahead and the wonderful smell 2 people had their Big Ass Burgers and said they were great 2 people had their Ribeye and said they were cooked perfect and were very flavorful 2 people had the rotisserie chicken including myself and it was yummy the corn bread stuffing was the best 1 had Braised Ribs and thought the BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy 1 had Fish Tacos and enjoyed them as well Overall our entire group was very impressed with the amount and quality of our food Everything was well prepared and very tasty Oh and the mini corn muffins were delish too Highly recommend ~burgers" chicken ( corn bread ribs tacos corn 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~IXw6Y8MyhathYKzTHiax9A~Good times - the Old West meets Happy Hour.   We love Roaring Fork's Happy Hour. They do happy hour for a few hours each evening, but on Sunday and Monday nights it lasts all night long.   Their huckleberry margaritas are awesome. It's a frozen margarita topped off with a luscious huckleberry puree (think purple tart blueberry?).   The bar menu is one of the best too. My favorite is the Big Ass Burger. It's a huge burger loaded with smoked bacon and cheddar cheese. It's served with a kettle of crispy fries. Another appetizer we really like is their Green Chile pork stew. It's served hot in a personalized kettle, covered with melted Jack cheese and served with warm buttered tortillas on the side.   Roaring Fork's entire menu is a blend of comfort food and Southwestern flavors. The happy hour is moderately priced, not cheap, but given the quality and quantity of the food, it's still a great value.~burger burger bacon cheese fries pork cheese tortillas ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~H3AtgfuAcykngLrohzrNww~Hands down, the best buffett in Vegas!  The two times I've been here were for a late lunch so I can't imagine how good the food is for dinner time.  Unlike, a lot of buffets on The Strip, everything tasted like it was made to order.  Even the sushi was really fresh.  If you're not too stuffed from your meal, the Wynn Buffett has an amazing selection of desserts.  Everything from their home made ice cream to their green tea mousse is just amazing.~sushi desserts ice cream tea ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Fc3gJXnBVm-y3j-fny51GA~The only thing I wanted when I went to Vegas was prime rib. This one was probably the best that I've had in Vegas. It was nicely cooked. Rare in the middle and the sauce really tops it off.  They also had Chilean sea bass, which is usually really good if it's seasoned and cooked well. This one was just alright. It was cooked well, but unfortunately was not seasoned the best. I added a little salt and it was fine.  I also enjoyed their grilled veggies in the Mediterranean section. Although the eggplant was slightly oily, they were grilled and seasoned to perfection. I loved them!  Lamb: No good. I was bummed. It wasn't overcooked, but the flavor was just not there. They game taste was overpowering, which leads me to believe that the meat is not fresh or the meat was prefrozen.  Pastas were quite good, but who wants to fill their stomachs up with pasta at a $40 buffet?  Desserts were just alright. The bananas flambe didn't look too appetizing. I was a bit disappointed that they ran out of creme brulees actually. BUT their ice creams surprisingly very very tasty. They had a choice of pineapple, vanilla, chocolate, coffee and lemon yogurt. I tried pineapple and vanilla and the ice cream was so smooth and tasted very good.   I would definitely come back.~lamb pasta desserts pineapple coffee lemon pineapple ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MgTd8rki7n-pNu-tRJByKA~One of my top favorite places for dinner in the city.  Their truffle oil popcorn is totally signature, and really yummy!  I've eaten here numerous times, and their Graze burger is always worth every penny.  I recall it won some kind of prestigious burger award at a contest out in NY.  The ambient is one of the best in the City, imho, for a more formal dining experience without being too culturally stuffy.~popcorn burger burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JUB5_OywgMTkPDbIv5TB0Q~The service was okay, but the food was phenomenal! I recommend coming at happy hour and getting the Big Ass Burger. It is exactly what it states and is delicious.~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~a3R6wBlPAx0J6AurFd7XRg~Great drinks and terrific food. The best cheese curds in town. The mac and cheese is amazing.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~CP5SEcMcWdYWP44MGpSBlw~They renew the buffet a little be and rise the price. The notable change is they have oyster now and u can oder coffee and tea for fee. The crab leg is good . However they change the real followers, which I like very much, to fake ones in the atrium. Overall is one of the best buffet in town. I recommend it.~coffee tea ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~4ZB_LkRWQCW81oyCF_OAkQ~My co-worker has been telling me about this place since last year, but I never went. Last week, I finally went a bought half a dozen for my sister's birthday. I was somewhat disappointed in them because the chocolate cupcakes were good, they were moist, soft and just the right amount of sweetness. The vanilla cupcakes on the other hand were dry. Even the icing on them were dry. I should have just got all chocolate cupcakes. The service is excellent so no complaints there.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~GzKC_7PJ519C7OILqUWKEg~I dishonor da famiree cuz my #1 priority when I go to buffets isn't the seafood...  it's mashed potatoes.  And The Buffet @ Wynn? THEY DO THEIR MASHED POTATOES RIGHT.  If you need some convincing whether ~ 60 FOR DINNER is worth it automatically got charged 18 gratuity for parties of 8 or more fuuu I got THREE WORDS FOR YOU TRUFFLE MASHED POTATOES BEST MASHED POTATOES ON THE STRIP MAYBE EVEN MY WHOLE LIFE No I m not still on another level from my Fat Tuesday this is serious Flawlessly creamy fans of potato lumps beware because there are none found in this pot of heaven Decadent This is the jackpot that will compensate for what you lost at the poker table But as for everything else truth isssssssss I d say iiiiiiit s mediocre Things I can recall OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER dry like the oyster never saw the ocean Try one for yourself to see if you re luckier than I was SEA BASS creamy tender flaky yum TACOS did not taste authentic at all TAMALES no meat but surprisingly good ASIAN BRAISED PORK BELLY ooooooh baby this was good It was mixed in a stir fry with green beans THE DUMPLINGS decent SUSHI did not look appealing to me CARVING STATION miso rubbed steak was good a smidge dry Prime rib was forgettable Turkey looked like it s been sitting at Encore Beach Club since last Thanksgiving and I m typing this 6 30 16 DESSERT custom crepes and the wheel of life i mean the bountiful selection of ice creams you ll see what I mean once you re there was nice Other than that all the desserts I tried were meh 10 VEGAN FRIENDLY highlight of our meal was seeing our two vegan friends feast at this buffet with glee Pbbbbt when would you ever see those words in the same sentence vegan glee buffet I KNOW They truly do cater to vegetarians vegans here by giving them a personal tour of the food selection to show what s compatible with their diet even desserts and the chefs made them a personal VEGAN PIZZA WOW totez cool 3 5 5 OVERALL i d definitely come back here if I returned with my vegan friends but if I m in Sin City to sin via overdosing on copious amounts of food I ll take my money elsewhere Like others have hinted in their reviews there is a lack of quality and innovation at this buffet that doesn t match the prestige reputation of the hotel You won t be leaving here thinking That meal was epic and worth my like you would after Bacchanal but it s worth a try P S don t be fooled by the waitress saying they have fresh lemonade unless by fresh they mean freshly added water to some powder mix SKIIIIIIP~potato oysters rockefeller - tacos - tamales - pork green beans. sushi - miso steak desserts desserts! 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bfhqIyoiA8kmmPBHiTR3UQ~Loved this place!  The boyf and I were in Madison for the weekend and decided to try this place out.  We were a little worried that they don't take reservations (especially after we got into town and realized it was Winter Fest), but the wait was really not long.  When we walked in, there were a lot of people waiting, and the hostess told us it would be about 45 minutes.  It was really only about 25 minutes.  In the meantime, we grabbed a couple beers from the bar.  It took a while to order them, but the bartenders were working their asses off, so I'm not going to criticize them on that front.    Our waiter was totally friendly and calm despite how busy the restaurant was.    To start, we ordered the artisan bread basket and half a dozen oysters.  The breads were sooo gooood.  A couple crusty rolls, a piece of rosemary focaccia, and what I think was a small brioche.  All were hot and delicious, and they came with both an herb butter and a garlic butter.  I didn't have any of the oysters, but the boyf enjoyed them.  There were 2 each of 3 different kinds, and he said the Kumamotos were his favorite.  He said the Naked Cowboy ones seemed like they might have been frozen (who knows).  Can't remember what the third kind was, but he liked them.    The boyf had the spiced rainbow trout entree and totally loved it.  I had a small piece, and it was really good.  I had the mac and cheese and the lamb meatballs.  I did really like the mac, although it's not the best I've ever had.  The lamb meatballs were om nom nommmmmmm.  Get them.  For dessert we split a pear and cherry crumble with a scoop of housemade ice cream.  So.  Good.  It had a wonderful hint of ginger, and the ice cream was dreamy.  Definitely eating here again the next time I'm in Madison.~breads focaccia butter garlic butter mac and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~e9S3P7W-bEdkB8AAynYnzg~I recall the best tasting salmon of my life making such a good impression, it's the only thing I desire. Food is cooked to perfection. The views are breathtaking out there! I feel like eating here can't be topped in all of AZ.~salmon ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~gSdoI8hAC_v-NmnwQpis-A~So I got butter chicken, palak paneer (spinach and Indian cottage cheese) and chhole chicken.  Let me start by saying that the choice they have is enormous. Butter chicken was so sweet that I couldn't eat it. Butter chicken is from India, and the original recipe doesn't have any sweetness. I don't know who came up with the idea.   Palak paneer and chhole were not bad. Naan was mediocre. Service was nothing to write home about. Prices at least 10% higher than what other Indian Pakistani restaurants charge.   So given a choice of rather go to Gerard Street for Pakistani food.~butter chicken paneer spinach cottage cheese ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jGDAMrLSfqZt7i575lCnrQ~OMG...so this place is the place to go for happy hour...the bar is awesome and its alot of fun to go with friends...I absolutely love the mojitos...I love all three flavors the citrus, orange and the original.  I am just a mojito lover!   Okay and now there is the delicious food!  The reason you go with a group is so you order alot of the happy hour menu so you can try everything!  There is the guacamole, the queso dip and roasted tomato salsa.  Those two are great to eat with your first drink.  Then you should order the Fondue with the Lamb chops-DELICIOUS and maybe accompany that with the Kettle of Green Chile Pork with the tortillas!! OMG can you say heaven!!! It is just fabulous. Of course you should be enjoying this round with another drink!  Then for the last round you get the "Big Ass" Burger and the Crab Cake!  The burger is fabulous!  It is not my top but its definitely worth the mention and you cannot fault them for that because it is still delicious!  The crab cake is quality not just those typical cakes that are made of all bread and you cannot really tell if its a crab cake.  It is awesomel I like the chipotle butter!  Anyways, that is my suggestion and review of this fantastic restaurant!  I love it!  It is a great deal and the food is quality and fabulous!~tomato salsa lamb pork tortillas burger crab cake ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~qkEXDxzEbtKe01lth6HJGg~One of my FAVORITES in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area! Their menu is a changing menu, but the best way to describe the food is american steakhouse with an Asian twist. From the sides of kimchi brussels sprout & bacon hash to my entree of miso glazed salmon - all of the food is on point. Some of our favorite appetizers included kimchi bacon and fiery calamari! Make sure to try a little bit of everything as all of the food was definitely on point.   As if the food wasn't enough - if the weather is nice you should also request to sit outside! Even if the sun has already sit, the great weather with the outdoor seating adds many more stars to this restaurant experience. Our first time here we sat inside, and it was just as great!   During the summer this year, on week nights they had half price bottles of wine, so that was also a cherry on top!  I hope you enjoy Elements as much as we did!~bacon miso salmon appetizers bacon cherry ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~wvs5bi3J3zbupMNK-vbKqw~Boy was I disappointed and embarrassed. I had friends visiting from out of state, and I told them that Honey Bear's was the best bbq in town. We arrived Sunday night around 7pm. They were out of ribs...My friends ordered the rib and chicken combo. One substituted the rib tips for the ribs,  and the other friend ordered sliced beef. I ordered a half lb of pulled pork and two sides. They ended up "finding" some ribs for one of the orders, but there were obviously boiled or pressure-cooked and not slow smoked.. The chicken came out 10 minutes after the rest of the food, and it was also either microwaved or pressure cooked.. My food, (which was ordered a couple of minutes after theirs) took over 30 minutes to arrive.  I overheard them telling the people sitting behind me that they were out of almost everything..  Then, to top it all off, we were overcharged.  We showed them a four square check in which was supposed to get me one free side, but I was still charged for both my sides. The cashier girl was new and obviously in WAY over her head.   I was so embarrassed after raving about this place, to have it be so very bad...~honey ribs chicken ribs beef pulled pork ~1 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~FrHQDjrViuqFha8pwR0J6A~The owner's father, Robert Wholey, spoke to us.  His grandfather started the fish market down the street.  He was a gracious host, the food was amazing.  This place gave us a great impression of Pittsburgh.  The crab cake sandwich and fried calamari were excellent.  Portions were huge.  Great, open-air casual space.~crab cake ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Am5mxdy6j8AAMeAOAb_q1Q~I had never been to the Roaring Fork before, but I was excited to try it, based on the recommendations from friends and family.  I was pleased with our meal - we had a variety of items, and all were very well done. We loved the heirloom tomato salad with goat cheese and arugula. This was probably our favorite thing. We also tried the lamb chop fondue, which was very good, but a little difficult to eat. I'd still recommend it though.  We decided to split the Big Ass Burger, for which I am glad, since it was huge, and it came with fries. This item was so memorable, since I loved the poblano pepper on the burger. Since we were splitting, we also ordered the green chili mac and cheese. This was delicious! I'll definitely try it again.  Very courteous wait staff, and very nice ambient room. I can't wait to go back for half-priced appetizers!~tomato salad cheese arugula lamb burger fries poblano burger mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~UIxr5GXD5VN3IqN6ejZcZQ~My friends wanted to eat "Southwest cuisine," so I Yelped and the Roaring Fork came up. The reviews were good, so we gave it a try.  EXCELLENT service at the bar (there were no tables available at 7pm on Thursday night).  Waiter and staff were prompt and knowledgeable, and willing to make recommendations.  I had the soup - was ok, not something I'd order again, but I wasn't that hungry.  Husband had prime rib and pronounced it among the best pieces of meat he'd ever consumed (this is no small compliment).  Friends split the Big Ass Burger (making it a "half ass burger"?) and pronounced it excellent.  We were very satisfied with our meal and the service. We didn't eat enough or spend enough time to warrant a 5-star, but I would definitely recommend to friends.~soup burger burger ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~qYH6DQjh2EA1ncCI9qepuQ~Very possibly my most superb dining experience ever!The food - asparagus leak soup, kimchi bacon, vodka and beet cured salmon, kurobuta pork chop and more were outstanding! So many flavors in each bite. The service was unique- I have never before been addressed by name throughout the entire meal at a public restaurant. The constructed and designed by people ambience is spectacular. So are the outside views.~asparagus soup bacon beet salmon pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ALyU74RmVHyybj-un43B1g~I go to Vegas at least 5 to 6 times a year for bowling. I was in Vegas this past weekend for sweepers and since I was top for women's, I won quite a bit of money. Since I had money to spend and being that it was Father's Day weekend, I wanted to take my parents out to somewhere nice and somewhere they haven't tried.   We ran across Wynn Hotel & Casino and wanted to try something new. The entrance to the buffet is kind of hidden from the main gambling area, but there are signs that are helpful to find it. We arrived around 6:30pm, which we knew it was a little late, but we didn't expect it to take 1 hour to get seated.   Once we paid and got to the hostess, we were seated fairly quickly. The waitress that took our drink order was very prompt in refilling and taking our plates from our table.   The food was not salty like most buffets that I've been to. The crab legs were seasoned just right. The prime rib was very soft and tender except that it was a little under cooked for me. It was a little more on the rare side and I like my steak medium. It's just preference. Other then the food, the creme brulee was not too thick and had just the right amount of caramelized top. The fruits were fresh as well.   I would definitely go back when I win some more money.  ^_~ So if you re going to eat at this place 1 Arrive Early 2 Bring lots of money because it was like 38 90 per person 3 Make sure you make room in the tummy for some yummy~steak 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~kT3GMFbIYJYNPxLKuTfVvw~For a first time experience, this place was GREAT. We came at around 12 on a Wednesday, so the place was pretty empty and we were seated immediately.   The service was what you hope for when you go out...we had Chris and he was completely attentive, knowledgeable, and just so upbeat and happy he made our first time excellent. He went out of his way to make sure we were happy!   The food was WOW! We came for the lunch menu, so it was very reasonably priced (im not sure what dinner is like). Obviously you have to come with a taste for seafood, but they have an incredible selection of sandwiches, entrees, apps, and sushi. My group for the ahi tuna sandwich, lobster roll, and shrimp po boy and we all left completely satisfied but not over stuffed which was perfect!   Absolutely recommend this place if your looking for something perfect to eat in the strip.~sandwiches sushi tuna sandwich lobster roll shrimp ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~Fqyh6U_AqKLUSLAzE8hgfw~I LOVE Prairie Girl. The best cupcakes in the city (in my opinion). My favourite is def the strawberry. I have ordered multiple times for many occasions, and always get their custom cakes for events! :_~cupcakes ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZxQPZ3jVYj_R42S3Ze_kFQ~Happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays. Oh yes...who can complain about that? Answer: Nobody, except when you get there too late and all the tables have been taken. Womp womp.  The weird thing about this place is the location. Tucked into the corner of an office complex? Very strange.   However, I can appreciate food, especially the "Big Ass Burger" that lives up to its name. The thing is ginormous for a typical restaurant burger. Another item I love is the kettle of green chile pork with buttered tortillas. Pair that with a HH margarita and you're doin' just right.  Good restaurant, solid food and service. Come for happy hour on Sunday and/or Monday, but get there early.~burger burger pork tortillas ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NZvPGwA1T7M5wAHwBROLnw~Went here for the first time when my parents came in to visit for the weekend. We had originally planned to go to the Old Fashioned because I'd heard so much about it, but the wait was over 1.5 hours! We all LOVED Graze. My parents are really picky about loud places, and we found this place to be not loud at all. I've read some other reviews complaining about the noise and it makes me wonder if we were in the same restaurant? We had an easy 30 minute wait, during which time we sat at the bar and conversed with the bartenders over wine and their homemade bread basket ($4). My mom was super impressed with the bartender, who seemed to notice that she has been deciding between some red wine and their seasonal punch, and brought her a generous sample of their punch on the house. The entrees that we got were the mac and cheese with pork ($12), pork3 ($22), and trout (maybe $18? can't remember). We had nothing but praise for all of these! They were all fantastic and we were very impressed. The food being from local farms only added to the experience. Everyone was very friendly and not pretentious.  Not sure about the other low reviews on here, but we had  fantastic time. We were glad the Old Fashioned was full so we got to try this place instead.~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~aXLN9I5hKBxCksbetrWJ_w~Consistency.  That's what I love most about Honey Bears.  I'll disagree that "you don't need no teeth", but I will say that the chicken is juicy, the beans are incredible, and the hot sausage is amazing. Your sweet heat vinegar bbq sauce is delicious. Your service is fast, and you serve some off-brand sodas on tap, which makes me smile everytime.  But every time I have had a meal here, it has been tasty. Have I had better BBQ? Yes. However, your location and consistent experiences have kept me a fan.   Smoke your ribs longer, please.~honey chicken sausage ribs ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PIgKX1gd0i7UQVQC5Z-tqw~Good happy hour, green chili cheese with tortillas and the pork wings are really done well.  The big ass burger is a top choice here, the roasted chicken is good a little on the salty side, but I'm all about that so I liked it, they roast it there in front which is nice. Overall good food.~cheese tortillas pork burger chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NAzNiVoLFtQ6k7YebeqFfA~Love how they use local ingredients.  Was a little disappointed in the House Pickles. Was somewhat mild in flavors more so in the kimchee. The Pork buns were mouth watering. Soft bun, crisp/juicy meat and condiments made it come together. The mac and cheese my look small but it is filling. The Bibimbap was excellent with the crisp rice, spicy gochujang and you can't go wrong with a sunny side egg on top.~pickles pork mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wps-_TN_u4uzbOsWaBDCZg~Clean, and not extremely crowded.  I've been to various buffets in Vegas, but what struck me the most about the Buffet at the Wynn was the fact that it was clean and neat. Then again, it was a Thursday night.  I was there during the Wynn's 5th anniversary, and so with 55 points on your Red card, you could get a free meal at the buffet. Sign me up! After some heavy playing on the slots, I got my 55 points and my "free" buffet.  It was my first time at the Wynn, so I spent some time wandering and looking at all the choices while everybody else made a beeline to the stations that they liked the most.  There is a seafood station on one side, with cocktail shrimp and crab legs. Most people were loading up on them. The seafood was good, and the cocktail sauce was a lot spicier than I'm used to. It definitely had a kick to it.  As you walk along the rest of the buffet, they had some international food stations, featuring Chinese (with lo mein, and dumplings), Indian (curry, lamb, etc), Italian (pasta station, osso bucco), the requisite carving station, and then some hot seafood items (various fish in different sauces). The other end of the buffet had a charcuterie, salad bar, and soup.  Towards the center of the buffet area was the dessert station, which was probably my favorite due to the all the pretty desserts in the little plastic containers, and the crepe and waffle station.  Overall, I thought the food was better than I had expected. Because it was a buffet, I didn't expect the food to be amazing (even though it was the Wynn), so I was definitely surprised by the fresh quality of the food. Nothing really tasted as if it had been sitting out under the heating lamps for hours on end. I was disappointed by the sushi selection, however, and consisted of two different rolls.  Overall, the food selection wasn't as varied as what you would find at some of the other buffets.  However, I think that's a good thing because one problem I have with buffets is that I always feel like I didn't get to try everything I wanted because there was just too much to choose from (I'm quite indecisive at times). Therefore, having a varied, but slightly more limited selection, allowed me to enjoy my meal fully without wondering if I "missed something at that really far away station I couldn't get to".  I also liked the crepe station because it's made right in front of you. However, when they make the (customized) crepe for you, they add a lot of filling to the crepe, so it loses its crispy texture.  Still good, however, but slightly overwhelming in size.    The service here is superb as well.  Our server quickly removed our empty plates and dishes, and refilled our beverages promptly.  The atmosphere is nice as well; it wasn't really loud or noisy so we were able to enjoy our meal, as well as have a good conversation while we were enjoying our after-dinner coffee as well.    This is now one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas, and can't wait to return. While I will, because I ended up getting another free buffet meal courtesy of my Red Card.~shrimp lo mein lamb pasta salad soup desserts waffle sushi coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JYay1s_HB4gwHLXwUrYIpw~My husband and I visited Scottsdale for the July 4th weekend and one of the highlights was our visit(s)to the Roaring Fork.  Lucky for us it was located across the street from the Kimpton FireSky hotel; it was easy to locate.  We sat at the bar during their 4-10pm happy hour and could not stay away; visited 3 times during our 5 day trip. Stephen made our happy hours most enjoyable; along with George and Heidi. Stephen brings happiness to all sitting at the bar; his martinis are the fullest you will ever enjoy.    The food was excellent; big ass burger, pork chili, salmon... You will be surrounded by locals that visit weekly which tells you how awesome the food, drinks and overall comfortable atmosphere this place has. While we were there one evening a chef from another prominent restaurant was eating in the bar area too -  he loves the food!   I will definitely return whenever I am visiting Scottsdale. Highly recommended!~burger pork salmon ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~VdIfm8duGZaeiptazROnVQ~Oh so good!!!  We were 7 people and waited in line for maybe 20 minutes on a Sunday at 11am. Not bad at all... Once seated and mimosa drink orders taken we hit the buffet. There were so many choices and everything looked good. I did 2 rounds of "real food" and then we hit up the dessert area.  We were celebrating my mom's b-day and the waitress brought me a candle and matches to use which was very nice of her.  Take a look at my pics and you can see how yummy everything was and the decor was beautiful too.  *What was really cool was our waitress brought us huge coffee cups filled with mimosas to leave with. She topped off our champagne flutes too which we poured in to the to go cups.~coffee ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~PM_qqD1J645AYTe__BgDDw~Their cupcakes are always very appealing and tasty. Love their mini size. Also their customer service is always great. Today, an Asian gentleman served us and he was very pleasant. He introduced and explained to us about the new loyalty program called Belly. Meanwhile, I noticed their line got longer and immediately another gentleman from the kitchen came out to help with the line. Very efficient. I have been to the other location on Victoria Street which was always excellent service. This one in the food court is also very good.~cupcakes ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iJ3MoMZwbgWCDy6QJ9jdLg~Ok, the prices on the happy hour menu is kind of high to be happy about but the food is pretty solid.  The sliders are a bit weak - 2 per order, comes on a plate with some horseradish and aujus and fries.  The sliders themselves are actually small bits of sirloin meat.  With the sauce it was actually quite tasty.  The waiter kinda spilled au jus into the horseradish while delivering the plate which kinda made it look unappetizing but I'm glad we pushed through.  :P  The green chili pork is very good.  I like the hint of spice and large chunks of pork.  It comes with a couple of grilled tortillas.    We also tried the chicken flatbread which was a bit more oily than I thought it would be but the pesto flavor really comes through and the chicken bits on top were plenty.    The big ass burger was also delicious, however, a bit dry.  At $11 it really should be juicier.. afterall there are many ten dollar burger places one can go to in that area.  All in all, it's a decent spot for happy hours with friends.  The drinks are a bit weak and they charge $5 each.  There probably are some better spots but I would recommend trying at least sporadically.~horseradish fries horseradish pork pork tortillas chicken chicken burger burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FUe6mG5hEVnFCuKvDsABrg~I liked the ambiance of the buffet and the selection they had... but I don't know... I can't say I was fully satisfied especially with the price I had to pay (~ 40 on a Sunday afternoon They had quite a selection of foods of different cuisines all around the world I was impressed because the food served are not usually what typical buffets have But honestly there was not really one thing that stood out I guess if anything stood out it was the crab legs I just love crab legs by default and the desserts I loved how they had gelato creme brulee and a crepe station Those are the highlights for me Would I go here again Probably not As my first real trip to Vegas I thought going to the Wynn buffet would be the ideal choice but I guess not I would probably try the buffets at Bellagio or the Rio next time i m in town ~desserts. 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~nPTazmJeOq5-YJZoXvYiCw~For the last couple of years my work crew has had our Christmas party at Oliver Twist.  This year I called Oliver's & Luke's and there was no comparison- Luke was much more flexible and had better offerings for food so I scheduled our party at his restaurant.  I'm so happy I did!  It was outstanding and I received so many compliments from my work crew!  We had just under 30 people total at the party.  We had the party upstairs in the restaurant in the bear lounge and the bar upstairs.    There was quite the spread of appetizers across the upstairs bar including salad station, catfish bites, crab dip with flat bread, veggies, oysters (we didn't even discuss oysters-Luke just gave them to us), chicken skewers, and any drinks we wanted...those catfish bites and that crab dip were so good!!!  Dinner was shrimp scampi, salmon, cod, mashed pots, and we even received 3 cheesecakes!!!  The food, the service, the atmosphere, the flexibility and friendly service of Luke & Jason (the manager) all receive A plus grades and this is easily one of a few top restaurants in town.  I love this place!!!  Highly recommended for parties upstairs.~appetizers salad chicken shrimp scampi salmon ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sZeyoGm9o_2FyfF__uEvbg~The food is excellent by bar food standards and they have some unique items. Most people would never think to order popcorn as an appetizer, but they make theirs with truffle oil and it's incredible! They also have great sandwiches, including one made with a duck liver pate that is very good if you like pate. The environment is very sheik. My one minor complaint is that the seating isn't very comfortable, but I still highly recommend checking this place out.~popcorn sandwiches ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~U5HXjw2cCXABOxJvN-vGcw~If you are heading here for happy hour, I am about to give you the best Yelp advice ever. Go early and scope out tables that are paying their check, stand there and wrestle any interlopers to the floor in a fight to the death. Why? Because my party was polite and gave our names to wait for a happy hour table as they were all full. We sat there while 20 or so people just barged through the hostess podium and snagged up every seat that was opening up. Being somewhat intelligent, we learned to do the same and finally got a spot in the bar, which is the only place that serves happy hour drinks and specials. I think if you go there by five you may get a seat instantly, otherwise, use my ninja method and you will access the greatness that is The Roaring Fork.   Super vibe, everyone glad to be there. Wait staff is overworked with the crazed happy hour bunch, so if you're having a date night, sit in the upscale dining area that will impress your special someone. People were well-dressed, mainly professionals and quite a few retirees (Area is full of senior neighborhoods).   The happy hour drinks do not skimp on the alcohol. Quite the opposite, so have a DD. The big ass burger is a must, we also got raves on the chili verde pork and salads. Nothing was sub par except the learning curve on figuring out how to get into this place.   My advice to the management would be to actually require the hostess to seat people, so that the rudest, pushiest people do not win. Take names and have your seating be as beautiful a thing as your food. Because those pushy people are also walking around the place like sharks hunting prey and we found that to be very annoying.~date burger pork salads ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dNPemDji0fVqVcWNp4GkmA~Went to the Wynn hotel buffet with high expectations . After all, the Wynn hotel is suppose to be one of Vegas' top hotels... Well, we were disappointed ... We arrived at 7pm , so we figured the food would still be fresh ... That was not the case... I also chose this because of the all u can drink option, which is a plus, but it didn't make up for the food ... Also, we sat by a spot where it stunk like garbage and coffee grounds... Disgusting!!! I considered leaving based on that , but sucked it up...   Unfortunately , we won't ever return to eat here again ... I wanted to like it, but the Wynn let us down... The Bachannal at Ceaser's is 100 times better...~coffee ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5QUZS14M1_nxGiBdCP-GGA~there is nothing else like the buffet at the wynn. i am a big meat eater with an extreme sweet tooth. for me, this place is paradise.  pay for lunch price around 3, get seated and get your waiter to get you some coffee or something, so you can kill time for the roast beef  to come out from the grill. if you just go ahead and eat all the other stuff, you aren't getting your money's worth! forget pasta or bread! you can eat all that at home! make sure you get a nice thick slice from the nice man once its your turn, and pour over plenty of sauce! don't be shy, you won't regret it. the crab legs at the seafood section is awesome too. they are huge with lots of meat inside, and they're already split down the middle so you don't need to struggle getting them out. the flavor is sweet, fresh, and so satisfying!! the dessert room has all these petite desserts: tiramisu, strawberry short cake, caramel rice pudding, raspberry mousse, chocolate cake, creme brulee, icecream, sorbet, crepes, waffles, candied apple on a stick, madelines, you name it, they are all there.  i was so happy to be at the wynn buffet. love love it.~coffee beef pasta desserts cake caramel rice pudding chocolate cake ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZlocrPph1xGFEO-lTF_v8g~This is the first time I ate at "Roaring Fork" Happy hour specials: The queso and pork on the appetizer was the best. The hamburger should be shared as it was enormous the French fries meh I've had better. They seemed stale or cooked in old oil... Not worth the calories imo. I had the traditional mojito which was just ok. This is the first time we are here and weren't  100%. However I am at a happy hour so.... There ya go.~pork hamburger french fries ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4TQSRH7Fy1kM0R0I_AT2EA~Tip: Line up around 2pm if you want to get in for brunch price, but want to also have dinner items like crabs.  For AYCE, this is the best experience in terms of service, food quality, and selection. There is often the 45 minute wait during prime time, but when a restaurant is at capacity, you can't fault them for not having enough space. I love their deli meat and cheese selections. I like thin crust pizzas. Their customs omelets are awesome. I think the Asian food is okay but I eat plenty of that already being Korean. People seem to love the crab, but I'm not such a fan. Its a bit cold when you eat it. I like that they cut it half for you so it is the least messy experience I've ever had with crab.  Service is friendly and fast.  We like to finish with their mini tiramisu which is fantastic! It is really strong coffee flavor with all the right texture. We leave with a candied apple and full stomach.  If you want to get drunk, they have $7 all you can drink champagne as well on weekends.~cheese coffee apple ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~OSjMoT25kJOpffrobdBI1A~This place is great! The decor is really nice, and amazing views of the Capitol building through the large glass windows. I didn't think the Popcorn share plate was that great, but the Pickle Board has some great pickled items, super unique and very good. The Graze Burger is a must. I was put off by the description in the menu, as it seemed to be a monstrosity, but order it anyway and it was the perfect size to eat, and absolutely excellent. One of the best burgers I've ever had. If you're feeling breakfast, the Sweet Potato Pancakes are also very good! I look forward to going back to this place next time I visit Madison.~popcorn burger burgers sweet potato ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~ZXk0s0R2E5upD9QBvaGaTg~Jasons Deli has always been my favorite deli place to have a quick meal before returning to work or even just on certain occasions! I wish they had more locations here in Vegas! The big chef salad is usually my favorite but I went with this ranchero grilled chicken wrap! Not too bad..~salad chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~NdxyzyNudV7JegzgkmHFEA~5 stars for the one of the Best Damm Happy Hour's in the Valley. When it comes to doing happy hour there is only one spot that comes to mind, Roaring Fork has the best deals going whether it is the Green Chili, the Flat bread or the Big Ass Burger these items are fantastic and the Prickly Pear Margarita is a must try... this place is a home run, and they are doiting it every night in the bar for the summer, which means Elliot and the gang down there will be seeing a lot more of us..~burger pear ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~EkS4d-zPkIX9I_dmd0GaEw~This was the second Cuban restaurant I've tried in town, after Rincon Criollo. My friend and I decided on the fried mashed potato with ground beef filling to start. The hard outer shell on the potatoes was great. My friend said that they "found a way to make chicken-fried mashed potatoes." We each decided to order a different sandwich and split them. I got the Cuban sandwich and he ordered the chorizo sandwich. The chorizo was good, with slices of fried chorizo and grilled onions, but the Cuban sandwich was the highlight. With much more meat than at Rincon and a mustard that added just the right amount of spice, I wanted to steal back the half that I gave my friend. We finished things out with the Tres Leches cake, which was as delightful as advertised. This was quite honestly one of the tastiest cakes I have ever tried.   The service was good and our waitress was concerned with making sure we were having a good first experience. The decor was also impressive. All in all, one of the better meals I've had in a while, and I will definitely be coming back often.   One more thing: try the Iron Beer soda. It's reminiscent of Dr. Pepper with a slightly fruitier profile and a more pronounced vanilla flavor.   Varadero has my highest recommendation.~mashed potato ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~fLtqhI_ks4UDXkbkw3KpQg~I like the overall restaurant service is really great food is was  on point the salmon was really good. Great views as well.~salmon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8lwGf-rO6ArU0XpqFNioAw~Am I the only person in the metro Scottsdale  area who doesn't think this place is the cats pajamas? There was no one there under the age of 55, walkers were more prominent than able bodies and the food was ehh. The $14 "big ass burger" I was hyped up about was ok, as were the fries, but nothing phenomenal. Maybe in 20+ years I'll head back with my titanium hip and love the place. Service was on point - extremely attentive and fast - crumb scraper and all.~burger fries ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~8XQxkVRZ6-K0jj7FNqIBqg~I first went there for a dinner party about a year ago. I had a blackened shrimp & asparagus dish served over Jasmine rice and it was delicious. I'm not sure what happened between then and my last visit yesterday, but it definitely wasn't the same. Maybe they have a new chef?   I ordered the same dish, craving that flavor I had last year. But I was sadly disappointed once I received my plate. The asparagus was limp and looked like it has been sitting out for a while. The overall flavor was definitely not as good either. A couple of the shrimp also tasted fishy (ie not fresh). Ironic when their seafood comes from Wholeys SEAFOOD market. :(  It wasn't horrible, but definitely not a great meal. Add to that, there were only 2 servers in the entire dining room, which was almost full. They were busting their butts, but needless to say service was very slow. It took us a good 15 minutes to get drinks. Not the fault of the servers at all though.    I left very unimpressed and probably won't go back.~shrimp asparagus jasmine asparagus shrimp ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~sLVbhoMZZaxivpVHsykCaQ~This place is ridiculous.  For the record, the view is really nice and worth seeing, but the food is atrocious.  It's not that the ideas for a particular dish aren't interesting, it's that the meats, cuts, and vegetables are flavorless and/or terrible.  For a $35 salmon dish, the salmon dish was farmed!  Farmed salmon at a restaurant like this!  What are they trying to pass off on us?!?  Moreover, the wine list was terrible.    So the view may be good but if I remember correctly, you go to restaurants for food.  But, apparently the restaurateurs who conceived the elements don't subscribe to this philosophy.~salmon salmon salmon ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mOcZqQ-WIdT9hENznMi4nQ~This place is a Madison standout in my mind. The burger is without a doubt in Madison's top three (best in my opinion), and the drink selection is ample. It is on the steeper side price-wise but the value is good. The vegetarian options are especially tasty as well. It is also very "homegrown" (locally sourced), almost to the point of being Portlandia-local.~burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OgwmAdP5bN8OBI-vEs_CFw~We went for happy hour one weekday and ordered a glass of wine, mojito, and a burger.  Happy hour prices were good, the burger was pretty good, but very big, my husband & I shared it, and were full for the rest of the evening.  We found Roaring Fork to be about a 3.5 stars, it was good but not great.~burger burger ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~UiCl5dhlWXqD7ZEWUxATfQ~One of the best BBQ restaurants I've been too. The place looks a little run down, but it only adds character. Open late (til 9:30pm I believe) this is a quick, easy lunch or dinner for us.  My favorites are the BBQ beef sandwich, potato salad and the cobbler is great too. A definite must! And there are multiple locations throughout the Valley.~beef sandwich potato salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5KzQJ18rOxPvwgW_5WDXgw~OMG! Fill up my bathtub with the green chile pork stew, I want to lay in it and eat until I'm sick! Really guys, this stew is phenomenal. If I hated, HATED, everything else on the menu, I would still be a regular for the stew... the awesome thing is that I've tried a bunch of things on the menu and liked them all. The fried chicken, delicious Dr. Pepper ribs, pork tenderloin, they're all mighty good. Throw in typically above par service and an awesome happy hour in the bar area and you get four big fat ones.~pork fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~4TvWPA2R6L6lN5LT_Vc7dg~Awesome place. I saw this place on a general TV program called Wisconsin Foodie and I was excited to try this place.  The food was great. The cheese platter was awesome, and the baked mac and cheese was fantastic. The aioli was the best I have ever had. I would recomment this place 100%.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Geno's Restaurant~onion rings-salad~vjd-RKZB1NBEqP_m992vnw~I've eaten here once - and half their menu was missing....on a Tuesday.  And they didn't seem to care.  I came for the wings, but wound up having to settle for onion rings and a quesadilla.  Yuck. It wasn't even that good.  I tried giving it another shot, twice, but found it was closed.  Once on a Thursday night and once on a Friday night.  What kind of bar is closed on a Friday night?!?!?!~onion rings ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xKLyAKCYswz7i5cYwVJ8uw~I've always wanted to try this place, but after going here today for lunch it will be my last time. First of all, impression is everything to me. The cashier was rude and I'm not sure if she even knew how snappy and rude she was to everyone. Some of the workers didn't look too happy to be working today which totally messed up my mood. I had the BBQ chicken sandwich and it was moist but not seasoned. The cashier ruined my experience and management needs to check her attitude!  Also, the volume on the radio needs to be turned down in the back. If you're waiting for your number to be called you can just forget about hearing them.~bbq chicken ~1 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~tfWh9i4M4-_-KbpKeerw4A~Cute quick stop for nice fluffy cupcakes to satisfy your cravings!  Came here to buy cupcakes for a pregnant coworker as a gift (and treated myself to one) and was happy they had little signs for sale to place on my cupcake. Got a "baby" sign for 50 cents and had all my cupcakes To Go.   Box didn't last my subway ride uptown and unfortunately buttercream icing started to melt in this hot and humid weather. Cousin's paper bag started to rip as well so try not to travel too far with these treasures!  Still manage to do some surgery on them and they were great! Staff is also super sweet and helpful! Will definitely visit the full store next time as this is a small shop in the Marketplace.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rhfkGvhLD_CkAMpsmNK1Pw~Came for all night Sunday happy hour! Enjoyed the huckleberry margarita (good!), Caesar salad (standard), kettle of green chili pork (amazing!), and rotisserie chicken flatbread (good and filling). Plenty of food for 2~salad pork chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sZXqmVTe3WxjqoYmFR9Wnw~I've dined here twice and have been blown away each time.  The first visit was with a colleague at work.  He suggested that we drop by here for some Happy Hour drinks and some grub.  The 2nd time was with a large group of 20 people.  During both visits I had:  Queso con Puerco, $9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=bKnbIsW4l8RTkaS9V6WMdQ#bKnbIsW4l8RTkaS9V6WMdQ  Fresh Guacamole, $9  Kettle of Green Chile Pork, $10 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=4BV1eQ1pIjNl_31O18pXnw#4BV1eQ1pIjNl_31O18pXnw  Pork Wings (Dr. Pepper BBQ Sauce, Hominy, Pickled Vegetables, & Cotija Cheese), $12 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=7oUjMc9Y-to7ukr8hZF66A#7oUjMc9Y-to7ukr8hZF66A  Big Ass Burger (Poblano Pepper, Cheddar, Smoked Pepper Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Pickles, & French Fries), $14  Filet Steak http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=SlhE1_wI2NJjRWSzL4CUtA#SlhE1_wI2NJjRWSzL4CUtA  The Queso con Puerco is melted Cheese with a green Chile Pork added to it.  It's ridiculously good.....and addicting!  Trust me, you won't stop eating it once you have a bite.  The Guacamole is awesome too.  However, I suggest that you give this a try before the Queso con Puerco so that you can taste the full flavor of the Guac.  If you eat the Queso first, the sharp flavors will override the creamy, smooth, subtle flavors of the Guac.  The Guac is outstanding and definitely a must have.  The Kettle of Green Chile Pork is pretty good.  It has similar flavors to the Queso, but without the Cheese.  It comes with Tortillas for dipping, wrapping, stuffing, etc.    The Pork Wings were awesome and very interesting.  They look like a Chicken Wing at first glance, but then you realize it's a Pork Rib cooked/cut to look like a Wing, but much larger.  These are full of flavor and a must have.  The Big Ass Burger is big and sloppy.  The Poblano Pepper and Smoked Pepper Bacon flavors are prominent and offer a unique taste....which is very good.  Very difficult to take a bite of all layers at once...ha!  The Filet has a smokey flavor to it.  It was cooked perfectly and very satisfying.    The service here is outstanding.  Despite being very busy during both visits, we had impeccable service.  Hats off to management and the staff.  Return Factor - 100%~pork pork hominy cheese burger poblano bacon lettuce tomato pickles french fries ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RViAwssGx3lswP7kCzN--Q~We were excited to try Roaring Fork and especially for the all day Monday happy hour pricing. It was a disappointment.  Service was fine, it was the food that was not good. We were glad to have only paid the reduced happy hour prices, but it was so bad, that it was not even worth those prices.  We ordered: Pork Wings, Grilled Fish Tacos, and the Roaring Fork Big Ass Burger.  The pork wings were fine, not too exciting. The sauce was like a sweet marinara, not what we were looking for from the Dr. Pepper BBQ description.  The fish tacos were ok.  The remoulade was tasty as were the vegetables, but the fish was very plain. Even at happy hour prices, this was 2 fish tacos for $10... so $5 per taco... so they should have been great or at least good. They were fine, but only worth a buck a piece.  The burger was a real problem. We ordered it medium rare and it came out rare, like cold in the center rare. They graciously refired it, but it was not to be fixed (still rare on the refire). So they made us a new one - which was not medium rare, and not medium, but well done, as in hockey puck well done.  At that point we just gave up.  It was a bust of a dinner.   We left disappointed and having spent $46 before tip on ho hum food.  Definitely skip this one.~pork tacos burger pork tacos tacos taco burger ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rF2pOm7U0GZWUy4vQCWgOQ~Atmosphere was light, great view of capitol, though loud. This spot was recommended to us and our first disappointing meal on the list for this trip. We loved the rhubarb lemonade, fried pickles were good, but sweet? Husband and I both got the veggie version of the pub burger which was fine, but low flavor and rich. For the first time ever, neither of us finished our fries and he had to finish my burger for me. Fries were fried  long enough that they left burnt flavor in your mouth and there were lots of very dark fries. The service was polite but she seems like she might be in a bad mood. We are unfortunately disappointed based on the recommendation but it wasn't a terrible experience at all.~rhubarb fried pickles ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~vAZ5BtBZQNhZNwZX7W-Omw~Let's start with the positive, which begins about an hour after we sat in the bar area - the Big Ass Burger is big and delicious.  Now to the rest:  We ordered the Green Chile Pork appetizer after asking our waiter to help us decide between that and the guacamole and queso.  We take our time ordering dinner because we have an appetizer coming - except that we don't.  When it becomes clear it isn't arriving we start eyeing the kitchen for signs of our dinner.    Our meal shows up much later than our leisurely ordering would have dictated and we advise our waiter not to bring the Green Chile Pork. He responds "You didn't get that?"  I was thinking, "you helped us order it but you didn't bring it, you didn't arrange for it to be brought, and you certainly didn't clear it from our table prior to serving our entrees and still you seem surprised."  But because I am on a sarcasm control regimen I just said, "No, we didn't."  Two of us ordered fish tacos which were very tasty but 4 of the six tacos across the two plates served were extremely undercooked.  We are not afraid of fish a bit under temperature but this was well below that.    On the plus side the manager stopped by to apologize.  On the minus side he was unaware that both orders were off.  Plus - he recovered quickly and graciously said he was buying our drinks.  Minus - he comped less than half the drinks.  We were a party of 4 and none of us ordered another drink after his offer so our drinks were fully accounted for on our bill at the time and we were not trying to take advantage. Perhaps he comped just the drinks of the two who ordered the tacos but the meal was interrupted for all as we waited for the re-fire.  On to dessert.  Plus - the good and hot coffee came quickly and the chocolate infused pecan pie was delicious.  Minus - the pecan pie was very small and we were again craning our necks toward the kitchen looking for clues to its arrival as it was served well after the coffee.  Had the tacos been served correctly the first time the taste and quality of the food would have tipped this over to a 3 star review.  The food was really very good but difficult to enjoy when the overall meal was so poorly managed.  We are divided about a return visit.~burger pork pork tacos tacos tacos coffee pie pie coffee tacos ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SvRN8oYKF3dmlgfFxV9wDw~After being seated respectfully in the dinning room I asked the host if she could inquire on the patio bar for open tables for happy hour.  It was full, but to my suprise the waiter "Robert" volunteered to hold a table for us, on his own time.  Wow! I was flattered at his generosity considering that never happens.   (If you're new to RF you're learn quickly the happy hour is delightful, both for delicious food and cheap, but fantastic drinks)  Our party of five enjoyed the flat bread, tortilla soup, beet salad, and date salad for starters.  Accompanied by huckleberry margaritas and huckleberry lemonade.  Everything was wonderful. My favorite was the date salad.    Diner I had the duck which was the best duck I've had in my life.  Highly recommended.  Robert our server was also very entertaining with his straight up attitude :) it was very fun and I will Def be back.  I've been here at least 12+ times :)~soup beet salad date salad date salad ~5 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~sx3nO_YXfG4CQzlVZTrNyg~I like the concept of a pizza cone! A combo comes with your choice of pizza cone + drink + fries or onion rings. You can upgrade to tornado fries.   The combo would fill you up. The tiny cone is packed with ingredients and flavours. They are made fresh, so you may have to wait a bit for your food.   I tried the tornado fries, it's alright. I haven't tried their pizza or wings or sandwiches, but I feel like I can probably get just as good if not better pizza/sandwiches elsewhere. Their pizza cone is a unique idea and I would come back for more yummy cones.~fries onion rings fries fries sandwiches sandwiches ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~n12pYMF03zYNFiiIsfcF8w~The down and dirty greasy spoon of Pakistani food, this place is popular with the taxi drivers, likely for it's drive up and take-out style (there is some seating)  Dozens upon dozens of dishes to choose from, and the food is OK, good enough for a late night Indian food fix at least.  But honestly, it's not spectacular, so I'm not sure why there are so many 5-star ratings. I assume it's because the sight of the large selection of food is overwhelmingly exciting, either that or they're just a bunch of wankers showing their lack of experience. Regardless, still recommended.  The only thing that really irks me every time I eat there is they insist on microwaving everything in the takeout Styrofoam containers they use. I like to get it cold and take home for warming.  Worst saag paneer I've ever had! Very very good, and delicious Naan. Need more Naan! Mango chicken is tasty, not greasy. Perfect for the reluctant ones. Lamb and beef were chewy. Not recommended. Curry is good. Daal is good. Butter chicken is ok.  Make sure you order as a combo, it comes with everything you need. Things get a little pricey if you start trying to order pieces of things separately.~paneer mango chicken lamb beef butter chicken ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~YmQtDLX_-D9oPoGQY2ZRzQ~Had lunch here today with Hubby and a couple of his co-workers. On Thursdays and Fridays they have catfish, so I took the bait. So glad I did- 2 big pieces of perfectly fried catfish- just barely done on the inside and a nice light, crispy, and non-greasy cornmeal exterior. So yummy! The fries were pretty good, too, with a light dusting of a seasoned salt. I tried Hubby's BBQ beef sandwich, and is was just ok. We all liked the zingy BBQ sauce.  Minus one star for a limited menu compared to other BBQ joints (and RC colas) and minus another star for the young employees who acted like they were put out by taking orders. So sorry to interrupt your huddled chit-chat in the corner.~fries beef sandwich ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~hpm-1VKt5ZCZJXKOJ7cMJQ~Some of the best BBQ around, be sure to sauce it up good and try the chicken and ribs! YUM!~chicken ribs ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~Vc1DjcmhWZBxjDmTk5DpQw~We have been a big fan of Dublin's but tonight the food was less than acceptable. We ordered the onion rings first and they were under fried and bland and very greasy. Two orders of the seafood chowder were very good. One order of fish and chips was also great and the house salad was also good. However an order of the Ribeye was the worst ribeye ever ordered anywhere! Very thin piece of under quality steak that was grizzly and very hard to eat..asked for the manager and she was not accommodating..only offered another entree and we were not going to wait for another meal as we had been there for over an hour!!! The potato pancakes and the carrots that came with the so called ribeye were both VERY greasy and under cooked.. Very Very disappointed!! There are too many other restaurant options in Champaign!~onion rings chowder chips salad steak potato pancakes ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Be3BlSZJp_yZO3bIAYJIuA~Quick rundown: Fantastic atmosphere, very fast service (on a Sunday night), only drawback was the food.  My friend and I arrive at around 7pm to a decent sized line with about a 30 minute wait. Something tells me had we shown up 30 minutes to an hour earlier we could've walked in no problem because within 10 minutes the line had grown significantly behind us.  Price was about $80 for the two of us, including free (non-alcoholic) drink refills and coffee. The waiters were very attentive about it, usually making it over just after I emptied my glass.  As for the atmosphere, it's absolutely gorgeous. When you first walk in, the place is literally decked out in flowers, with a very springtime feel. Many restaurants I go to tend to keep the lights dim, but it was very well lit here, making the colors of the flowers stand out even more. Don't worry about being dressy. However a sign stated that all shirts had to have sleeves (for men at least).  As for the workers, some were more outgoing than others, but for the most part I was greeted by anyone who I walked past. The guys serving food (especially dessert) were all friendly and chatty, even offering suggestions.  Now for the food: It wasn't all that bad, but considering I hinge my buffet experience on the food, I was pretty disappointed. There were a couple of standouts, mostly in the seafood section. Crab legs (WERE ALREADY OPENED AND PERFECTLY CUT), clams were delicious, and sushi was fantastic but very small selection. The BBQ ribs were so tender that they literally melted in my mouth, so amazing, only wish there was more sauce on them. The veal was to die for! If you eat nothing else there, have the veal.   The rest of selection however didn't thrill me. There was hummus but the pita bread was (ehh). There were small Asian & Mexican sections (egg roll, tamales [kinda dry in my opinion], burritos, etc). There was also a very tender, yet poorly seasoned beef brisket. Really, you NEED to have a sauce with it. Moving down there was decent meatloaf, disappointing lasagna as well as some other Italian food, pastas, etc. Nothing or that stood out. Finally there were oysters (ok) and some really dry salmon (such a disappointment). Besides that, there was tons of bread but most of it seemed as if it had been out all day, and then a huge selection of cold cuts if you wanted to make a sandwich and tons of toppings, which brings me to my next point:  WHERE WAS THE CHEESE? I don't know if it's just me, but I like to have something cheesy every once in a while. Especially if I go to the buffet, but there was a distinct lack of cheese in everything there, even the Italian food. I was really, really turned off by this.  As for the desserts, there were tons of choices served tapas style. Small portions of cakes, etc. so that you could try out a lot of different flavors. Unfortunately, most of them weren't all that good. The cakes were dry and lacked sweetness. Even the rice krispies were hardened as if they'd been left to sit for hours. The things you definitely want to try in the dessert section are the sorbet, which was scrumptious, and the warm brownie with almonds. Throw some ice cream on top and the mixture of warm brownie and cold ice cream just makes my heart smile.  Very interesting note: They had these fruit cups with alcohol in them. Pretty awesome. One of them was watermelon with tequila in it. The other was pineapples with malibu rum and coconut shavings. I hate coconut, but I loved this.  What's crazy is that it sounds like I ate a lot. I'm 5'10 165lbs, so I'm not a big person. My friend is about my size, just a bit taller. We actually finished trying just about everything and still had quite a bit of room left. I polished off a few more of those crab legs because I was still in amazement i could just pick large chunks of meat out with a fork. He tackled some more sorbet and we called it a night. We left there fairly satisfied with our fullness, but partially disappointed at the meal.  Tipped the waiters pretty handsomely though because they were awesome the whole night.~coffee sushi ribs pita egg roll tamales burritos beef brisket meatloaf lasagna salmon sandwich cheese cheese desserts rice krispies ice cream ice cream coconut coconut ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~bYGzZkGoukXWMDjoVCNP5Q~The great thing about this place is that it is quick to get a nice treat and the packaging is very efficient.  They offer sturdy boxes for most common denomination of cupcake purchases and they sell for less than a dollar cupcake toppers for birthdays and etc.  So when I had to get a set of treats for a friend I went here and I was in and out in less time that it would have taken me to get timbits.  The ladies helping me were efficient and very friendly.  the cupcakes taste ok, nothing mind-blowing but they are pretty well priced and the icing overkill is forgivable especially since you are getting so much from other places.   If I need a cupcake fix I will definitely keep this one in my backpocket.~cupcakes ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~hL1HYQ9ituOX5-B9xHXw4w~Decent value. Generous portions. Beef, pulled pork, cowboy beans and bbq sauce are good. Hot links not very good; more like a cheap hot dog. Potato salad disappointing. Nice staff who are willing to customize orders.~beef pulled pork ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~mi8EZ070wUT2UNnol5RZ2A~Let me start off by saying cupcakes are not my thing. After trying Prairie Girl's cupcakes, my opinion has not wavered. The cake portion is very moist, which I do appreciate, but the icing is too sweet and and piled too high.   HOWEVER, this place is awarded 4 stars from me because the cupcakes are adorable and make for an excellent gift. The people that I have given the cupcakes to have all  thoroughly enjoyed it. The shop also sells 50 cent decors (including 'Happy Birthday' ones) that you can use to jazz up the cupcake to suit any occasion. One star has been deducted because the box that holds the cupcake in place does not actually prevent the cupcake from tipping over. I urge you to carry that box upright and not swing it! Trust me, I learned this the hard way.~cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~0Y4fqRyOfrhalx7vb1DQsg~A couple of my coworkers and I were looking for a place to have lunch yesterday. I had been to Bliss Rebar before and really enjoyed, so suggested it. After they looked at the menu online, they decided it looked good and that they wanted to try it.   We decided to start with the pretzel bread and cheese sauce. I was expecting the bread and/or the cheese to cons out warm, but they both came out cold. It was still delicious, but there was not enough pretzel bread for the amount of cheese that came with. Therefore, we asked if we could get somewhere pretzel bread and our server Shawn said of course. He asked if we wanted more cheese too, but we said no thank you, we just need the bread for the rest of the cheese. To our surprise, when we received our bill, Shawn had charged is another $5.00 for the extra pretzel bread. The whole appetizer was $5.00, so I found this to be quite disappointing. I can understand a charge for the extra bread, but it shouldn't equal the cost of the actual dish. Aside from the charge, there was no mention of a charge for the extra bread when we asked for it. We should have been told at the time we asked, cause at $5, we would have said never mind.  We enjoyed our entrees. I had the nachos with braided beef. One of my coworkers had a burger and the other had a salad.~cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese nachos beef burger salad ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dzEdMKyFUFfkZMTWmKV4-w~Oh Graze, let's be honest - you had me at wine on tap.  Every time I eat here it confirms the fact that once Wisconsin finally allows polygamy, I will marry you Graze and have your babies.  This place has me seriously considering adding strawberry season to my Google calendar so that I don't miss out next year.  The strawberry panzanella and strawberry shortcake were nothing short of amazing.  Other favorites from my most recent visit were the fried pickles, pork buns, and artisan cheese board.  The cheese curds are good, but not my favorite in Madison.  Great atmosphere with lovely view of the Capital.  If you haven't been, it's definitely worth a visit.~panzanella fried pickles ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8j0eMJIBPHgNRO-9KmdfZQ~Overall, just unimpressive. This place receives way too much hype for the quality of the food. I came here with my mom, boyfriend, and brother for Mother's Day brunch. We were seated in a timely fashion, and the service was great, but the food left something to be desired. We ordered beignets to start, and they were warm and fresh, but not as light and fluffy as I would have liked. My boyfriend had chicken and waffles. The waffle was cold and strangely chewy, and served with cold maple syrup. And the chicken was far too heavily breaded. I got the kielbasa and eggs. The portion size was kind of sad, and the entire plate was severely under-seasoned. Thankfully they had salt and pepper on the tables, but I expect eggs and home fries to come with at least a pinch of salt on them. Both my mom and brother got the eggs Benedict and were relatively satisfied, but did say that the English muffins were a weird chewy texture. In general, you're paying for a great hipster atmosphere and good service, but it's by no means top notch food.~chicken and waffles waffle chicken kielbasa home fries ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~TVTC0uhkAGp6w7lYj_Unxg~I ordered a BBQ beef sandwich meal which also came with one side and a drink. I had the potato salad side dish which was served in a small styrofoam container. The potato salad ok but not spatacular. The sandwich was awful. The BBQ was cut in small pieces akin to pulled meat instead of slices. Then the doused the whole sandwich with BBQ sauce which made the bread became so soggy that one cannot even picked it up. I ate the sandwich with a fork instead. The BBQ was ok. It is not close to Texas or Kansas City BBQ.~beef sandwich potato salad ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EarjK7RPIAdepsZi5Y5Igg~Absolutely amazing! Had the filet and Mac & cheese. Great service and awesome location. If you're in the mood for an amazing meal make a reservation and stop in.~cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zXramu0nR3aarwU-NJ6Fpg~Worth a visit. This is good food, not good people watching.   Think: Colorado take on southwestern food.   Ate: Pork Green Chili app. Grub. Little kettle of the stuff with four fresh made tortillas that arrive folded in a white paper bag - hot. 4.7/5 for flavor, quantity, value, and presentation.   "Big Ass Burger."  All made in house. Even the bun and fries. I don't think they keep the cattle there though. Burger was loosely packed, over-cooked, and a bit salty for my taste. But I am a critic. Jen thought it was average too. Also now $13 - was $10 6 mos ago according to other reviews. 2.75/5  "Huckleberry Bread Pudding."  Whoa. Like a hot gooey berry muffin with Ice-Cream. Awesome. Jen thinks it might be her favorite dessert of all time. 5/5  We were a little worried when we saw all the snow-birds in their ivy caps and studded mom jeans. Turned out to be just fine - and the service was pretty special for how reasonably priced everything was. Portions were serious - Jen and I shared everything and were stuffed. Can't imagine orgering your own app, entre, and dessert. No way.   Sorry about the typos. It's bright out here in the Scottsdale sun by the pool...~pork tortillas white burger fries burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~ViRmJsrQPDBS1s4w0DIeyg~Honey Bear's is the some of the best BBQ you can find in the Valley. I enjoy getting a half chicken half pork sandwich, but you can't go wrong with any selection. Limited menu but thats because they stick to wait there good at, BBQ sandwiches.~honey chicken pork sandwich sandwiches ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VzlNrBja73ezzesRo17rSQ~Beautiful space with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the Capitol and outdoor seating. Extensive beer and drink list. We stopped in for lunch and were not disappointed. Get the cheese curds OBVI. Beet burger was fine but the simple greens salad was actually really special! Fun atmosphere for groups or dates.~cheese beet burger greens salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TM_2aM3Uxk3T4wGvha7Ohw~I found my favorite place to eat! This place is so gorgeous with beautiful settings and you can see the sunset through the mountain view at the patio. Wonderful dining experience. I love their Seared Ahi Tuna with Guacamole and Pepita crackers, Fondue with Lamb Chops, Green Chili Pork Tacos and Spitfire Rotisserie Chicken! Excellent! Their happy hour is until 7pm which gives you much time to drive all away here and enjoy the lovely dinner. I'm most impressed with the service! My waitress was very friendly and thoughtful. I forgot my card and she was running to the parking lot to find me. I definitely will come back soon to this place! ;D~tuna lamb pork tacos chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mzKynLpSVwKtxrb3ct7MLw~Very impressed with this place!  Everything was delicious.  Atmosphere was great and our server was very friendly and accommodating!  We started off with the Queso Con Puerco.  It had a bit of a spicy kick to it and was so good.  I had the Carnitas.  The pork was so tender!  The guacamole that came with it was fresh and very tasty.  My husband had the split roasted half chicken and said it was also very good.  We would love to come back to this restaurant and would highly recommend it!~carnitas pork chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tbeYGXul3xb05z_uB7iQlw~Very good spot, one of the nicest restaurant I've been too, decor was excellent.  Our waiter was awesome, very good attention. Got the fried buttermilk chicken, wow! Just Wow.  And the price was great, expected to pay much more, looked so fancy inside.~chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EIxWXqRYnYWIHu6qlo4cTg~I had high expectations for this place after reading all the positive reviews, but I think it's a little overrated. I wouldn't say it was terrible and the service was good, but we have no desire to go back. We took my parents there and they had the same feelings. The guacamole appetizer was ok. Dad had the big ass burger and said it was overdone. I took a bit and totally agree. Mom and wife had the sugar cured duck. It looked and tasted like pork and some had a bit of gristle. It didn't have a whole lot of flavor (I sampled it too). I had a mixed green salad with cranberries and pecans. It was probably the highlight of my meal. I ordered the spot roasted chicken for dinner because it looked and smelled awesome roasting when we walked in. Unfortunately the breast was dry and the thigh was tiny and I've probably had better chicken at Boston Market for a lot cheaper. Dad and wife liked the pecan toffee pie and ice cream. I didn't care for it but I don't like toffee. Overall disappointed and wouldn't really recommend this place unless you have money to burn.~burger pork salad chicken chicken pie ice cream ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~t-L2mUod5JwV7T7sivKjkw~There is another one of these in Austin, we went to that one and loved it so we took my parents here in Scottsdale, it was amazing both times. We had the green chili Mac and cheese, the kettle of green chili pork, and all had a "big ass burger". We loved it but my parents burgers were overcooked, the waiter was amazing and not only brought them sides to snack but also removed their food from the bill. That's what you call a great waiter.   Will definitely be coming back!!~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gPcaj3wFWfL99q6Ijysv_g~Overall they had some good options. I had the BBQ beef with sweet potato fries. It was ok, nothing to write home about but maybe a yelp review. The ribs looked good too. The prices did seem a litttle high for what you got. Oh! They did not have sweet tea. The only BBQ joint I've been to without sweet tea.~beef sweet potato ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4_0KqYPDoUUk-3CDD9P9WQ~This is my favorite Vegas buffet (for the price range). I have come here for brunch before, but recently went back for dinner and the Wynn did not disappoint me.  Elegant, bright decor of flowers with clean, comfy dining furniture. Though I waited about 30 minutes, my waiting time was better than when I came for brunch, which was an hour wait.   Table service was prompt, never have I returned to my seat with a dirty plate still remaining.   They had good presentation of food items and cheerful cooking staff.   They have a cook-to-order noodle bar and pasta station, a carving station with perfectly cooked prime rib, pizza, dim sum, salad bar, and a well-stocked seafood bar of king crab legs and shrimp. What is great about the Wynn buffet's seafood is that the crab legs are cut in half and are ready to eat. (See my photo.) Less mess, no crab wrestling, and easier to eat. I easily used chop sticks or a fork to pull crab meat out of the shell. I also appreciate how there is a staff member behind the seafood bar dedicated to restocking the piles of crab and shrimp as there is a constant line past the noodle bar to get those items. At other buffets it's like a feeding frenzy once a bucket of crab lands on the ice.   My least favorite items were the lamb short ribs (tough, dried out meat), creme brulee (it was soupy, but I still ate two of them), sushi bar (California rolls suck and it would be nice to see more than three different sushi items), and the eggplant Parmesan (not even fully cooked).   However, the bread selection was awesome. The Wynn restaurants make great breads and they serve the same ones at the buffet.   The dessert selection was decent, the highlight was the ice cream parlor, which included coffee, pineapple, coconut, vanilla, and chocolate flavors.   I appreciate the availability of restrooms inside the restaurant. I don't have to walk out of the restaurant and across the casino to find one!   Price for dinner was $33.95 on a weeknight.~pasta salad shrimp shrimp lamb ribs sushi sushi breads ice cream coffee pineapple coconut ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~FZbczsXEpL5kqgt4f6-APg~Yep, the "Big Ass" Burger lived up to its name. Hard to finish (even without the bun). Sat at the bar, pleasantly surprised to enjoy all-night happy hour on a Monday night. (Sunday nights too!). $5 for a lovely glass of wine. Heck, I'll have two!  Bartenders were great -- busy and attentive. Bar is popular with locals. Outdoor seating area looked pleasant and popular too.  Not exactly a "sports bar" but two TVs over the bar did the trick for us to watch a game and have a great meal and drinks.~burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qmIygRyHiTuXvOgpwQb06w~they have some great deals here. try their happy hour!  their $18 entree with three sides is a yummy bargain!  the man and cheese is not to be missed!~cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qvX6Io9hysHfXzTNRLdr-g~I'll go back for another opportunity at a very nice glass of Petite Syrah and their famous Big Ass Burger (or whatever its called) while sitting at the bar in a very comfortable surrounding.  Something seemed very charming about eating bar-side in an upscale restaurant, chatting with the keep, fire roaring off in a corner, and well-dressed patrons enjoying celebratory or power-meeting meals like green chile pork stew, slow roasted pork prime rib, and Dr Pepper Braised Beef Short Ribs.    I like their wood-roasted concept and works well in its only two locations worldwide, downtown Scottsdale and downtown Austin.   I would personally have a big-time, celebratory event here as it is worthy of such an occasion, but also worthy of a nice little meal up on the bar.~burger pork roasted pork ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~EEjGPfblQwW-MixHHJhfHg~We decided to try Elements out for brunch since my fianc's parents were visiting from Ohio... I had read and heard some great things about the restaurant and the view. Expecting it to be busy, I was happy to find that there was ample seating outside available that overlooked the pool, grounds, and mountains.  All of the staff was very pleasant and courteous. Upon receiving our drinks and appetizers, we were delighted to be served fresh complimentary (and warm) cinnamon rolls! So yummy!  My huge drawback and what ruined what was otherwise a very pleasant brunch, was the extreme lull from the time we had our first drink and put in our food order, to the time our food arrived. We had to have waited 45+ minutes and during that time, were not offered a refill of the specialty drinks ordered or an explanation as to what was taking so long.   Our food was great, I ordered the breakfast veggie wrap with fingerling potatoes. We also ordered an Ole Bay Jumbo Shrimp app that was tasty, though tad bit overdone with the seasoning.. Some of the pieces of shrimp were almost entirely coated in ole bay.  Id be interested in coming back eventually but would rather try out a few other upscale brunch spots before returning.~appetizers shrimp shrimp ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eXuFX86od_lihpBWNA9WNA~I want to love Graze. I really, really do.  It's got an amazing location, and the food, when you get what you want, is very solid. Not amazing, but fresh and local and tasty. The problem is that in my past three visits, we've never once received what we ordered.  We request simple substitutions (twice it was egg whites instead of whole eggs for omelets), get the wrong dish, and then, each time, wait ages for the new dish to arrive, while the other people in our party's food gets cold.  On the "fool me once" principle, we won't be going back any time soon.~egg ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_7tSUAiIjRJ5cegHgT6jxw~So it turns out that "long ribs" are not elongated versions of "short ribs", those tiny finger-food snacks you tend to find at poorly designed wedding where the organizers have failed to realize that messy fingerfood is doom for your fancy new clothes.  No, when you order the "our famous long bone ribs", you get a stern warning about not underestimating the size of your order that makes you think "oh my, I'm no-longer not in a place like Kansas" which is then followed by a delivery of a plate containing what looks like two white Cadillac Escalades covered in cow meat. The "flavor over meat eaten graph" was a descending curve from "OMG this is as good as The Salt Lick in Texas" to "I'm bored of eating the same meat" over the first pound or two, at which point it was prematurely cut short by the limits of my belly. I advise that you go with friends and share different types of cow.  While they have no vegetarian mains, they're happy to turn a salad into a fullsize meal, which was great as this allowed my vegetarian dining partner to fashion a poker visor out of rocket leaves so that she could avoid watching the carnage on my side of the tablet.~ribs ribs ribs white salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~1Dc_R-ZUgEA04Dh35Loqkg~I can't believe I waited in line for about 45 minutes to eat at this buffet!  So make sure you set your alarm clock and arrive early or you will wait in a line that resembles those lines at Great America (or any other amusement park).     We decided to go here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon, and chose this casino because it was one of the newest on the strip.  The price was somewhat steep, around $30.  The decor was quite impressive when you first enter, it reminded you as though you're about to have tea in England.  We had a very large party so we were forced to separate into two groups.    From Italian to Asian to American, they had an okay variety of food, but only had a couple of dishes to choose from.  I just wish that they replenished more frequently, I had to make several trips back to see if they replenished a dish.  Waiting for food was bearable, compared to other buffets where you just want to scream at the person in front of you to hurry and make a selection.  The quality was pretty good, I'll say that much compared to other buffets.  I was quickly stuffed after my first plate, and I forced myself to taste a little of the plethora of dessert choices, it had it's own room!  If anything, I wish I had room for the dessert, it all looked so good.  Service was okay, maybe because our waiter was a little busy, it was hard to find him right away.  Overall: Cleanliness:  A Food:  B Price:  B Service:  B --------------------- Grade:  B~tea ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~xkDUldjxitmyBu1Gnnx79g~A GREAT LOCAL JOINT.  GOOD FOOD, SERVICE AND ATMOSPHERE.  Nice atmosphere.  Great cold beer on tap.  The Earl pizza / flatbread was good to above average.  The green Chile with pork and jalapenos plus au gratin potatoes was well above average.  The seasoning was perfect to my taste.  This is a great local neighborhood hangout.  I definitely recommend.~pork ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~gCpJm2Lqs1ylQFKIIb9pqQ~Terrible food. I asked the guy to give me his recommendation. The pieces of chicken were not good ones. Neither was the food fresh. I could tell it was cooked several hours, maybe even days ago. The best thing served was fresh naan bread. Service was ok. Maybe they had an off day. But I can't even think about the food.~chicken ~1 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~DAlWWBnmOa_FzDgrhnSdEw~This just opened location is right across the street from the movie theater. There have been so many different restaurants in this space I can't keep track of them all.   The space is rather small compared to the previous restaurant that occupied the same space. I'm not sure why Burgatory didn't take more space as the storefront next door is available for lease and was a part of the last restaurant that was there. They need all the square footage they can get.   I still don't get why Burgatory doesn't take reservations so be prepared to wait 1 hour plus on the weekends now that the weather is nice. One really cool new feature they do have is that once you are put into the que of people waiting you can go to the No Wait App and see how many people are ahead of you and when it is time to walk back over to the restaurant.  The wife and I started off with our usual Berry Lemonades and our daughter had a Natrona Vanilla Cream Soda.  For an appetizer we got the Just Fork It (Fresh cut fries smothered with Braised Short Ribs, Cheddar Cheese Curds & Pan Gravy) They were EPIC and worth the wait themselves!   Next my daughter and I both got the Standard Deluxe Burger. It's a burger with White American Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and their House Burger Sauce. I added bacon and sauteed mushrooms to mine. It was huge and outstanding! The wife got the Hot Chick sandwich. (Grilled Herbed Chicken, Sharp Provolone, Tomatoes, House-Made Guacamole, Chipotle Sour Cream & Cilantro Leaves on Grilled Herbed Focaccia. Served with lightly dressed Field Greens.)  I also like the fact that you can build your own burger in 7 steps .   If you haven't been before here's how it works.  Step 1. Pick your burger.   You have a choice of beef, chicken, bison, sausage, lumb crab or veggie patty as a burger.   Step 2. Pick your bun.   Next you pick your bun with Brioche, Wheat, Baguette, Focaccia,  Topless or Full Monty Style as choices   Step 3. Pick your rub.   Choose from Angel Dust, Kona Crust, BBQ, Kingston Jerk,  Cracked Peppercorn and Bayou Cajun   Step 4. Pick your cheese for $1 more   Choose from Cheddar, White American, Horseradish Cheddar,  Sharp Provolone, Gorgonzola, Mozzarella, Smoked Gouda and Buffalo Cheddar.   Step 5. Pick your sauce.   Choose from Bourbon BBQ, Dijon Mayo, Banana Ketchup, House Sauce, Spicy Marinara, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Roasted Garlic Mayo, Sriracha Remoulade, Buttermilk Ranch, Spicy Ketchup,  Whole Grain Mustard, Avocado Wasabi, Bleu Cheese Dressing,  Buffalo Sauce, Relish and Chipotle Sour Cream   Step 6. Pick a topping for $1 to $1.50 more.   Choose from Fried Egg, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Avocado, Chicken Chili, Caramelized Onion Marmalade, Grilled Pineapple, Sauted Mushrooms, Maple Cured Ham, Onion Straws, Roasted Tomatoes, Grilled Onions, Brandied Peppercorn, Cabernet Sauce and Roasted Red Peppers.   Step 7. Pick a free topping.   Choose from Iceberg, Romaine, Field Greens, Baby Spinach,  Arugula, Red Onion, Tomato, Poblano Peppers, Cucumbers, Banana Peppers, Bread & Butter Pickles and Jalapenos. Lots of choices and ways to customize your burger.  Our waitress Jordan was great as well and took really good care of us. I think the Waterfront finally has a winner that will last in this once doomed space.~fries ribs cheese burger burger white american cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~NnSl_0Hb86bacDA6vXKu1g~Fantastic happy hour. If the fish tacos, guacamole and tortilla soup weren't amazing enough on the happy hour menu...they even make a terrific burger! You just can't go wrong with anything on the happy hour menu.   As for the regular menu, haven't had anything I didn't like but the best are definitely the fish dishes paired with the street corn!   Mmm, will be back soon!~tacos soup burger corn ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3RxLO4mPxfdpy1HzFeH54A~Short story: Eat at Graze, and you will NOT be disappointed.  Long story: We ate at Graze because it was unfortunately on our list of restaurants we have not yet tried in Madison. (Not sure why it was on that list for so long?!) I love the fact that a restaurant is so committed and concerned to working with local farmers to cook with local, quality ingredients.   We ate the deviled eggs and pork buns for appetizers and the graze burger and cauliflower rigatoni for entrees. Everything was incredible: very fresh-tasting, cooked perfectly and completely delicious. If you're an egg fiend like me, the deviled egg appetizer might make you scream because it's so tasty.   My only complaint is that the house white wine was very bubbly and almost champagne-y, and I didn't know that when I ordered it. The bartender and the menu did not mention anything about that. I can't complain too much because my wine glass was empty at the end of dinner! :-)  Graze is now on my "take out-of-town guests here so they can be impressed with Madison" list along with The Old Fashioned, Eldorado Grill, and a few other Madison favorites. :-)  Great location with big windows. It's a classy and contemporary (but not stuffy) place to go for incredible food downtown!   We'll definitely go back.~pork appetizers burger cauliflower egg deviled egg ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Nmm2tc0bJ_5pTuPIGNKrTA~I'd really give it a 3.5.  lol  Came here on a FRI, EARLY, and the place was bustling!  More proof that no one in Scottsdale cooks for themselves.  ;)  The service was a 4 for sure.  Attentive, without being overbearing.  At our table, we had the mixed green salad, the duck breast, the mixed grill, and the big ass burger.  The mixed salad was fresh - nothing amazing or different.  It was pretty typical of a balsamic salad.  The big ass burger is well named.  The thing was disgustingly huge, and unless you have a big ass appetite, you won't finish it.  It also has a spicy chili on it, so if that's not your thing, whip it off, or your tongue will be burning.  The mixed grill was well done, but again, many of the items were spiced - the shrimp and sausage both had a kick.  The real disappoint came on the duck breast.  :(  I had ordered it medium, thinking it would still come medium rare, and it came rare.  NOT happy.  But, I was starving, they were busy, and I didnt want to lag behind everyone else by sending it back.  It was sliced into pieces, so there was no excuse to not cook it to temperature as ordered.  Came with a nice onion relish (spicy - lol), and braised cabbage.  Deserts were huge.  We had the lava brownie and the pecan pie.  Both served a la gelato.  Overall, there wasn't anything we ate that made anyone say, "oooo!  you MUST try this!".  The food (besides the duck problem) was prepared well, nice presentation, but there was nothing that was overwhelming.  The atmosphere is nice, the service was really great, but there wasn't anything on the menu you won't find anywhere else, nor was it prepared nor presented any better.  I would consider it like a Kona Grill.  It's good for what it is, but nothing spectacular.~salad burger salad salad burger shrimp sausage onion cabbage pie ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~aQzgkJMEzjiH0l6JrT_juA~Best service,  best pork mac and cheese I ever had....ever! The pasta was made from scratch, the cheese was absolotely perfect and the cheese curds were phenomenal!  No doubt,  the best cheesecake I ever had in my freaking life.  What made this 5 stars was our waitress!~pork mac and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~xFI5mwRpDDHBs1qV39R1HQ~I made reservations via opentable the morning before we dined. Easy and we were seated immediately upon arrival.  Service was a bit slow. We didn't feel any connection from either the server or the server assistant. The bread service was below basic, especially for a fine dining restaurant. We asked the server for his favorite and most popular cocktails. We ordered both: sisos sexy and another that I do not know the name of. He wasn't present on the floor as much as I'd hoped.   My friend ordered the bacon wrapped filet and thought it was delicious. It was one of her favorite filets in all time. I ordered the organic salmon which was delicious as well. The sauce on both the dishes really made up the entrees. The salmon came with noodles and vegetables that really complimented the salmon. Two entrees that you cannot go wrong with.  Our reservation was at 6:15pm and we sat to see the sunset. It was gorgeous. Definitely come around this time to see the sun set.   Lastly, compliments to the maitre d' or manager who made his table touches and really looked like he was enjoying each conversation with the guests. He complimented us on our smiles and we told him we came out to see one of the top 39 restaurants with a view in the world. He said they must be doing something right.   I would say this wasn't my favorite fine dining restaurants but it definitely is something to cross off my bucket list. Good for special occasions.~bacon salmon salmon salmon ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~fw4hTYsGt5LS7lFgC-HTRg~The fam and I headed on down to Honey Bears this past Saturday to get our BBQ on!   Honey Bears never disappoints!   I had the shredded BBQ chicken sandwich with a side of the cowboy beans, sooo spicy and delicious!   Also their french fries may be sent from heaven! SO GOOD!   I always go for the Big Red at the soda machine, that is a rare soda to find on tap and Honey Bears has it!   Thanks for another tasty lunch!~honey honey bbq chicken ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~Ts9BRMbRwMg-BaXxuVIwKQ~Having spent a lot of time in Texas and Oklahoma, I've eaten a lot of BBQ.  But I'll review Honey Bear's on its own merits (or lack).  I've been eating at HB for 20 years, the location on Van Buren mostly.  This location isn't so great.    Pros:  It's fast, the meat is tasty, the sauce is good too, a bit on the thin side, sweet/sour and spicy.  Cobbler is good.  Cons:  It's really expensive, service is almost menacing in its unfriendliness, place is sticky/dirty, sides are hit-or-miss, mostly miss.  Tasty smoky meat.  You'll pay dearly for it, $5 for a small sandwich, more for a large, sides are extra.  One time with a bud we figured that HB charges about $25-$30/lb for their meat as ordered in the restaurant.  Ribs and other whole pieces of meat put you easily in the $15+ range.  Corn is mushy, beans are tasty, potato salad is subjected to strange spice-abuse by a cook who doesn't understand what potato salad is.    Drinks are fountain and iced tea.  You can't get a small cup of sauce to go, even with the leftovers from your $20 rib dinner - you have to pay and pay.  This sort of stinginess doesn't sit well with me.    The place is dirty, with sticky tables and chairs.  Overall appearance is dingy.  Service is always unsmiling, unhelpful, all business.  They don't make you feel like coming back.  I don't go back now unless I'm forced to by downtown coworkers.~honey sandwich ribs corn potato salad ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Pv6UMgBSQNt7s85QA8-6JQ~I would have given Luke Wholey's 5 stars, but our waitress was inattentive and slow, despite the fact that the restaurant was not busy.  The seafood, especially the raw oysters were fresh as could be and were delicious.  I had the Ahi tuna entree and it was cooked perfectly.  Portions are very satisfying, which can be rare at a seafood restaurant.  Best seafood I've had in Pittsburgh and I would highly recommend checking it out.~tuna ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~c7qqJ8uQoNmZXFOZtiGCAw~The patio is beautiful and the happy hour has a great selection of drinks and fun plates to try. We got fish tacos, guac, the big happy hour burger, and margaritas. The fish was fresh and the toppings  and sauce were great. I don't really like guacamole, but enjoyed theirs a lot. The burger was perfect, I really enjoyed the bun they use for it, it tastes homemade. The drinks and fries were great too. Will defiantly be back~tacos burger burger fries ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~MnuhwuegFhnQacRmjuCFaA~This is now my go to spot. Great prices for happy hour. In fact, happy hour is from 4-close all summer. I really like the guava mojito and I don't even drink mojito. Like most people have said, you can't go wrong with the big ass burger. The green chili pork looks great too. I'll have to try that next. The bartender with a beard is really friendly and has great stories. I don't know his name though. Go in before 5pm or wait for the 2nd wave when the dinner crowd leaves. Otherwise, it's super busy.~guava burger pork ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a6GwbzhOzQIhAnW-_jZsUA~As I left the Heard museum parking lot and headed north on Central, I thought I might stop at Fez and try their Feb. pasta special.  (What I really wanted to do was to head over to Rose and Crown to meet with new acquaintances, but I didn't want to worry about parking...)  On the way, I spotted HBB on the left, but I kept going north for Fez.  However, it seemed like I'd never get there, so I gave myself a stopping point- if I hadn't reached Fez by the next light, I was going to turn around and interrogate the poor soul that happens to greet me at Honey Bear's.    The poor soul's name was Rich, who informed me that HBB only has one sauce, and unfortunate for me, it contains *.  (I received the same response at the Glendale Chocolate Affaire, but I assumed the "one sauce only" was for convenience purposes.  See?  Never assume.)  He sold me on the fact that they marinate the meats in a spice and vinegar-based marinade.  Alright, I'll try a 1/2 pound (about $8 w/ tax) of pork (his fave) and beef (which the young man, who patiently waited behind me while I asked poor Rich so many questions, ordered after I stepped aside and considered my options).  No, wait, I'll have a full pound (about $15 w/ tax), and could you add chicken, too?  And bbq sauce on the side, please.   While I waited for my take-out order, I asked Rich if I could sample the sweet potato pie, and to my surprise, he handed me a slice, told me to grab a spoon, and help myself!  It took only one teaspoonful of that slice for me to decide on purchasing a whole pie ($12) to go.    So how did the meats taste w/o the bbq sauce?  The chicken was very bland and pretty dry.  The beef was not much better, but at least it had some mouth-feel.  The pork was the clear winner, esp. since its marinade had the added benefit of red pepper flakes.  Would I go back for more meat?  Unless HBB designs a non-* based-sauce, no.  Well, maybe for the pork.  And only if I was carrying a bottle of bbq sauce in my purse.  1 star each for the pulled pork, sweet potato pie, and for Rich being such a sport.  (Kudos for letting me sample the pie!  Letting people sample is always good for business!).    p.s.  If HB had a shack that only sold sweet potato pie, I'd give it 5 stars! p.p.s.  Honey Bear BBQ, please add candied yams/sweet potatoes to your menu!  While you're at it, add some sweet potato fries, as well!  Allergy update: I concluded that the sweet potato pie must contain * ingredients bec. I went through two days of horrible allergy symptoms.  I won't be able to enjoy it anymore, but for those w/out allergies, do give it a try!~pasta honey pork beef chicken sweet potato ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~koMrl-4jMkcLH2HuiVdAJw~We finally stopped in for Happy Hour and were impressed.    We ordered the Big Ass Burger and the Green Chile Pork stew based on recommendations here and both were excellent.  Portions are huge - we ended up taking half of it home.  Excellent drinks and very friendly professional service.  We also liked the warm and inviting atmosphere in the bar.  Great value too - we were out the door for thirty bucks.~burger pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NtO2JWJymhD5hcYcIPGWBg~I'm a big fan of buffets, is it the variety of foods? Maybe it's the all-you-can-eat aspect of it. For whatever reason, I love to try new buffets and try different dishes that I would never order off the menu. It's like a fun adventure for me.  The Wynn Buffet is top notch! The wait wasn't that bad, pretty standard at about half an hour. $40 per person is a little steep, but hey! You're in Vegas so expect to shell out some cash. Walking in you will see a whole bunch of colorful flowers, it's a very feminine atmosphere.  Our server was very friendly and helpful, she always checked in with us and removed any plates and refilled our drinks the moment it gets half way, excellent service!  Whenever I go to a new buffet, I always walk around and check out the food selection before I even grab a plate, and that's because I want to keep a mental note of the items I really want to eat, versus the I'm not sure but I'll try it cause it's there kind of dish.  I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the buffet line, it was almost spotless, the food looked beautiful, almost too beautiful to eat. The presentation was classy and made everything looked delicious. By the time I sat back down at the table, I had the following on my plate: prime rib, king crab legs, red snapper, chilean sea bass, shrimp cocktail, mussels, skirt steak, mashed potatoes, corn on the cob, asparagus. All very good, they had a lot of seafood choices and a lot of lamb, which I didn't have any cause I wasn't feeling it that day, but I'm sure it was good.  By this time I've opened the portal to my second stomach and I'm ready to hit the dessert bar. I have 2 words for you: creme brule Oh Sweet Jesus it was good! I could have eaten at least 2 more plates of it, but I had to leave room for... I have another 2 words for you: homemade ice cream, OK that's 3 words whatever, there's nothing I love more than ice cream, unless it's HOMEMADE ice cream. So rich and creamy, the coffee ice cream will give you chest hair, but it's worth it lol  I'd like to add that they have restrooms just for the buffet guests, you don't have to walk outside to the casino and find a restroom, very convenient. Also, the stalls are very private, it's like you're in your own little world in there, you don't see that very often in public restrooms. You can tell they spent a lot of time considering all aspects of this restaurant and it really shows. This will be my new goto place for a Vegas buffet.~shrimp steak corn asparagus lamb ice cream ice cream ice cream coffee ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~lbv0lGOsvQZjaAbcU99nfw~I learned 2 things from the last time I came here.   Lesson #1: Don't come here if you're starving.  Come here if you're hungry.  I ate to the point where I started to feel really sick. Lesson #2: No buffets within 3-4 hours of drinking/clubbing.  No one wants to feel like a whale in their skimpy Vegas outfit.  As for the buffet, the food was ok.  It was a solid buffet, but only a few things stood out to me (even when I was starving!)  They have your usual fish, meats, and seafood but I actually really enjoyed the simple things like the baby back ribs and the broccoli cheese soup.  The sushi was bleh, no thanks.  I loved the herb salmon and the desserts!  The coffee ice cream was one of the best I've ever tried.  Here's an idea.  Grab 2 cookies and make an ice cream sandwich with the ice cream, sooooo good!  So like I said, solid buffet, nothing too outstanding but nothing horribly gross.~ribs broccoli cheese soup sushi salmon desserts coffee ice cream cookies ice cream sandwich ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KFeOiRiMdoxxk3RCcUxRSw~This is a fantastic place if you're looking for a delicious meal and for what it is, it's a great price. I am a HUGE fan of the filet, but you put the green chile mac and cheese in front of me and it's game on! I love coming here and posting up at the bar for a few drinks and a very yummy steak. I will always come back here if someone is up for it! :)~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~M3ffxyiDEAN73kBaHe4BMw~Do try the Green Chili Mac and Cheese! Its life changing...~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~2S6zqxhF5nZJUU09gtNh-A~OMG the 'big ass burger' is delicious! Though order it only if you have a huge appetite, or want a doggie bag - it's a lot of food. Order the duck, roast chicken, salmon or the steak - you can't go wrong in this restaurant. Friendly waitstaff, hip atmosphere, and ridiculously good. I'm a huge fan!~burger chicken salmon steak ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ZFtphCEQc3BGsPoFkI7RXw~I'm not a person who is big on buffets, as most of them are just all you can eat crap food galore.  However, the Wynn Buffet is always seems to find itself on top of my to-do lists for every Vegas trip.  This is best of the best, when discussing all Vegas Buffets.  As with everything else at the Wynn, the dcor is beautiful as with the presentation of the food.  When you look around you see all this delicious food it makes your mouth salivate in anticipation.  What makes this place so special in my heart? You have to check out the seafood section, where the Alaskan king crab legs rock my world.  These things are freaking huge, fresh, and oh my god tasty!  The crab seriously just melts in your mouth.  Dip them in butter and it's an all out orgy in your mouth.    The dessert area is fabulous; unfortunately sometimes I have a hard time saving room.  From the yummy crme brulee to the delicious ice cream/gelato counter.  I always go for the coffee or vanilla, so good! They also have different kinds of cakes/pies, cookies, and puddings.  They have a little of everything, whatever your sweet tooth might desire.  The staff service has been pretty impressive every time I've gone to the Wynn Buffet.  They are very good at checking with you for drink refills and also help clear up any dishes you might have laying around the table.  The only bad thing I can mention is their lackluster of sushi.  They only have 3 choices between Vegetarian rolls, California rolls, and Salmon Maki rolls.  None of them really tasted fresh and were all very bland.  The pizza is pretty blah as well, however I usually stay away from it anyways as it's just filler food and just takes up space I could use for more crab legs. :)  Summary: Having bad luck at the tables? Just go to the Wynn buffet and eat your worries away.  Wynn Buffet is like great sex, the more you have the more you want.~butter ice cream coffee cookies sushi salmon ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JK8R_jOiB3HBeG2BLPbj3Q~In summary, okay food and not worth the price I paid.  Not a good choice if you are vegan/vegetarian.  The service is awful that I will not be returning in the future given all the other dining choices available on the strip.  Now the long story about my experience I was here the Monday after Christmas.  Wait in line was approx 1.5 hours plus additional 25-30 mins wait to get seated.  I missed the 1pm cut off time for brunch and paid additional 10 bucks or ~ 60 per person for lunch The quality of food was not as good as I remembered and definitely not 60 bucks worth for Monday lunch My mother is vegan and I do not recommend vegetarian vegan for this buffet I think Vegas buffet in general is a bad idea for any vegan vegetarian due to high prices and few selections So based on food along I would have given this place a 3 star Now zero negative star for the service due to the following experience 1 Rude server at taco stand When my brother went to the taco stand the guy behind the glass said no more and walked away 5 10 mins later he came out and start making more taco again My brother decided to not even try the taco due to the rudeness 2 Un attentive male Waiter The first server got us drinks when we first sat down and that was it He never came back to check on us until I waved him down When he brought my brother more soda I asked him for another coke for me He said ok but never came back I guess he was off the shift and another female waiter showed up 3 Rude female waiter I asked the lady for the soda and she did brought me some Than she never come back to offer us refills When we were done with the meal and moving on to the dessert we want to get coffee to go with desserts I waved the waiter down and here is the kicker She said just you know you are here for more than 2 hours There is a 2 hours limit But I will get you some coffee this time The way she said it was rude and I was like WTF When she came back I thank her for the coffee but wanted to clarify that we were there only 1 hours and 50 mins She said based on your receipt it stated 1 49pm and its now 4 07 I said but we waited for at least 25 30 more minutes after we paid She said NO its based on the receipt and the 2 hours limit is posted outside the buffet At this point my lunch experience was ruined and it may just be psychological effect that coffee and desserts tasted awful We decided to leave immediately at my version of 2 hours mark When I exited the buffet I didn t see any signage up front about this rule So I asked the lady who is guarding the buffet line entrance and confirmed that 2 hours limit rule starts at the time we sit down At this point I can t stand this casino any more Our plan was to drop some cash at the slot machines after the meal but we went to Palazzo and Venetian instead Palazzo and Venetian should thank the rude Wynn buffet staffs for the a couple hundreds dollar worth of gambling revenue ~taco taco taco taco coke coffee desserts. coffee coffee coffee desserts 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~hitReN4-8iTs75h3oUt6TQ~First time here. Great meal. Sat at the bar and Jay was very helpful. He made some great recommendations. The tuna and Baja Volcano was excellent.~tuna ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~vNDm8ONkjsakrjY7HdjCLQ~This is definitely the first and last time going there. I had the butter chicken and rice and despite the guy warming it up in the microwave (first red flag of NON FRESH FOOD and poor restaurant management) I could still taste the staleness of the rice which must've been at least 5-6 days old. I figured a good butter chicken sauce would still be salvageable with a couple naans but NOPE. It tasted mediocre, and as a foodie, I did not enjoy any of it, not one bit. Indian Pakistani food is otherwise my favourite and I hate wasting food but I threw the 11$ (overpriced) box of food after a few spoons in.   The 11$ is supposed to include salad and pop per the signs plastered all over their menu, but I got neither. I guess not looking like an Indian/Pakistani person they thought they could pull one over on me.   I would neither ever recommend this place, or go there myself. If I wanted leftovers from last week to be warmed in a microwave, I wouldn't pay 11$.  HORRIBLE FOOD.~butter chicken butter chicken salad ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Qbg2d975VJThVawFnw_f1Q~We got to Wynn at around 6pm..  didn't feel too hungry since we had a big lunch at Bahama Breeze.. so we decided to play on the slots for a while.. and around 6:30pm we went back.. got in line to get inside.. the wait wasn't long at all (yay!) and the manager(?) (a Korean guy) took our receipt himself and had a server show us a table for four :]  Sunday dinner was $35/person.  They had lobster (I had 3 myself! hehe), prime rib (yummy~~ 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~YC3xsNObkva7AzJGWgSstQ~After my initial review Graze reached out and offered us the opportunity to try the place again. The bad news is that we agree that it was pretty much the same kind of experience. It's possible that we are just ordering the wrong things. The one thing that was a bit better was the service. The waiter recognized us and paid close attention to us, remembering us as "his most patient table ever..."  We tried several dishes this time. The one that I recall best was a bowl of mussels in a spicy broth. It was served with a side of fries, which I thought was really odd. One of the best things to do with a Bouillabaisse type dish is to mop up the tasty broth with bread. The dish which had Asian flavors was also a one-note samba. It was mussels and broth and that's pretty much it.   I saw a couple tables around us ordering burgers. Perhaps that's this place's wheelhouse. I'm not waiting 75 minutes for a burger. I wish this place luck, but in my one opinion, this place needs polish. I think it's popular for it's spectacular location and relation to another very overrated restaurant next door, L'Etoile. I will say that we tried their newest restaurant, the Korean fusion "Sujeo"and both loved it.  I will note that I do have credible friends who have the opposite opinion of this place.~fries burgers burger ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZX3vo4LOBpmmhH-TbmeBpQ~Happy hour prices are hard to beat!  The atmosphere is welcoming and classy. Everything on the menu is delicious. I recommend the burger and the prickly pear margarita!  Service is always top notch.~burger pear ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~kR9VQcjHlnrV1NQ0Z2oCsw~It's been nearly a decade since I'd been back to Madison and I was surprised to see how many new and interesting restaurants have popped up in that time! After strolling up State and around the Capitol, we stopped at Graze for a bite, under the recommendation of a friend of ours.  First, the view is fantastic! I love the simple, modern atmosphere. Our server was really pleasant and knowledgeable about the beer list as well as the menu. We ordered drinks and 2 appetizers, the cheese curds and the deviled eggs. Unfortunately, we were so full after the apps, that we couldn't even bear to order dinner. Seriously disappointing.  BUT, we ended up going back for brunch two days later and we were not disappointed. I had the loaded egg sandwich, which was criminally delicious. The bread was very, very tasty. There was a perfect ratio of cheese to egg to bacon. It was also accompanied by a very nice mixed greens, simply dressed salad, so I didn't feel SO much like I was clogging every last artery. I also had a bloody mary, which was probably the best one I'd had in Madison.   I am definitely planning a return next time I'm in town.~appetizers cheese egg sandwich cheese egg bacon greens salad ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~zOG6BnK59-E7WfwWGNNRWw~I stumbled across this taxi stop while geocaching around the Toronto Reference Library.  I've had a bad run with Indian fast food anywhere outside Little India, so I was pleasantly surprised when I dug into the saag paneer and naan!  Cheap, fast and lots of options.   Nothing gormet about King Palace, so not likely I'd stop here again unless I'm looking to fill up quick.~paneer ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~PvpktaJEre955KXXgkwB2A~food is okay. I doubt the hygiene and freshness of the food.i eat because parking is easy between jobs. i used to tolerate the stale smell of food but it has become worst in the last two visits. today the chili chicken and mix vegetables were rancid and sour. not going to stop here again.~chicken ~2 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~00PJfpFl4ifp-t4cWWAzpw~I couldn't eat another $5 footlong from subway for lunch... I live way out in the northwest and it is somewhat food diversity challenged.  I remembered seeing a cuban joint on rainbow so I thought I would go over there for lunch.    I went in and it was done very nicely with out trying too hard.  I looked at the menu and it seemed authentic and the prices seemed very reasonable.  They have quite a few menu options too - so if you are in the mood for a sandwich or a whole fried snapper you are good to go.  I wantd a quick lunch - so of course I order the Cuban in sandwich.  It was only $6.50 and it was a big sandwich - I like a good value.  The sandwich was very tasty - I likes the bread.  It also came with freshly cooked plantain chips - refreshing alternative to fries!!!  If your bumpin' around the northwest check this place out...~sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich plantain chips fries ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~LzBoXZgipSwFHiaCYG1Bug~I've always liked the Mad Mex chain but I would have to say I like this location the most. The service is always excellent and it has more of a restaurant feel than the other locations that are more bar oriented. The cranberry margarita flavor they've add for November is very good if you like a sweeter margarita. The Fajita Burrita was also great with some added queso inside. The one thing I wouldn't recommend is  nacho appetizer as all the toppings are piled on top with nothing on the chips underneath.~cranberry fajita chips ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~49OzJ4N_JoDOP2h0Dd221A~I did not expect such high prices but the food waas awsome.  The Big Ass burger is that!  Everybit of what I could eat.  My wife had the fish tacos - very good!  You MUST have the banana split - deep fried plantains wrapped in a tortilla, rolled in cinnamon! WOW!  Our server was outstanding. Parking is odd - keep right off Chaparral....~burger tacos banana ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~HDZ6NcLPqWCyUKWiN1FnBw~Overall, not that impressed. I've only been to one other buffet before, at the Bellagio, and I prefer that one over the Wynn. We went on a Tuesday night, after a long day of hiking at Zion National Park, so we were starving. To be honest, I didn't feel like the buffet was that big. I went back 2 times for a heaping of crab legs & shrimp cocktail, which are the only foods I really enjoyed there. They have some dim sum like dumplings and such at the Chinese food station, which was awful. Most of their cooked fishes were overcooked and not impressive. Their cheese ravioli in their pasta section was good, as was their miso soup.  They have a huge dessert section, but to be honest, none of the desserts really impressed me. One of my dining companions loved their coffee ice cream, as he is a big fan of coffee and it tastes very very strongly of coffee.  I would not go to their dinner buffet again. Also, it is very pricy, comes to about $37 with tax per person. A friend of mine said their breakfast buffet was great though, and only $25, so would be willing to try that sometime.~shrimp cheese pasta miso soup desserts coffee ice cream coffee coffee ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~cggB_3UFPL0QMX_NhArumg~I had brunch here, and the quality control was excellent. BUT... I didn't really like most of the food... The buffet at Wynn is beautiful, clean, with a modern french twist of new and old. The presentation and quality is excellent. The food is fresh and well made.  I love their fresh breads (try the dark brown one, it so good). I love their prime rib, nice and juicy and tender. All to medium rare to medium. The slab bacon was quite nice and peppery. I love that they had a deli meats and cheese bar. The fruit bar was quite nice too, fresh fruits; all beautiful. There drinks and service are real good too, but what do you expect if you pay around $50 for brunch. But that was about it. I wished I liked all the things there but I don't. The biggest disappointment for me is the desserts. The dessert were beautiful and well kept. But they tasted too sweet or the flavor combination just did not work. In the end I only like the cream puff they had in the desserts, and that was only after I took some of the large sugar crystals off the puff crust. It was just too much when the cream is already sweet. But that is only my preference. I feel like that need to go back to some basics (flavors) of desserts before going for the decadent stuff. Rice pudding with caramel mousse is a example....  of flavors that clashed when it became to sweet. As well as my raspberry and lime dessert combo when my lime was super strong and tart mixed with the raspberry. Maybe I arrived on a bad day...  But I recommend the prime rib, the dark brown bread roll, cheese, and some fruits. Also their passion fruit iced tea is kind of nice.~breads brown bacon cheese desserts desserts desserts rice pudding caramel lime lime brown cheese passion fruit tea ~4 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~diEfHAm53aD4TznUC2I6-A~If you like cheese, there's no doubt you will LOVE this truck. Had their mac n' cheese which was nostalgic and delicious then had some tater tots "le Cheese" style (could have easily eaten 50 of them, they were great) and my girlfriend got some deep fried cheesecake, which again, dangerous for the belly but so damn good. Overall, if you're looking for a quick and delicious lunch from some cool guys, I would highly recommend it.~cheese cheese cheese ~5 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~jYOWmrZPQ0_UzXxcbN5Wfg~Heard about this place and wanted to give it a try. I remember having it at CNE before but never seen it again.   Yummy cone special ($5.30) Originally I thought it would be like a gimmick but surprisingly it tasted really good. The cone was the pizza crust, and inside was stuffed and loaded with a lot of ingredients, including pepperoni, bacon, sausage, green and red peppers, mushroom, and cheddar and mozzarella cheese. It was baked on the spot so served nice and hot - best to eat it right away while the cheese is still oosey and stretchy, and the cone crust still crispy, adding a nice crunch. Quite filling with all the ingredients. My only thought was it was missing pizza sauce to make it seem more like a pizza. Its $8.10 if you want the combo with a drink and fries.  The owner was really nice and outgoing. He even offered me to try his new frozen yogurt for free!~pepperoni bacon sausage mushroom mozzarella cheese cheese fries frozen yogurt ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~1Ar7tEXetgH2fyJB1RQHuA~GENERAL NOTES Some of the best Indian/Pakistani food in the city. How do I know? Cabbies. All the time. Honestly, who would know better than the cabbies? Also 24 HOURS!!!  MENU RECOMMENDATIONS You absolutely cannot go wrong with the Butter Chicken. Creamy, tasty sauce and huge chunks of succulent chicken over rice. I finally tried the Mango Chicken and that was similarly delicious. And for those who prefer more "authentic" indian, there's loads of options. Basically there's a plethora of catering trays filled with meat and veggie options - probably 20+ different options. They've let us just take a container and mix and match until it's filled as well. As for the nan, they recently changed it and I really don't like what they've got now. Disappointing.  SERVICE NOTES There is one counter and usually 1-2 people people ready to take your order/fill your container and these guys don't exactly move fast. Once your Styrofoam container is ready they'll offer to heat it in the microwave. It's basically as sketchy as it sounds. If you're on your way home, just take it cold and heat it up yourself...on a plate.  LOCATION NOTES Located on Church, just north of Bloor on the south side across from my friend Neil's place. Just look for the cabs. Seriously. Parking in a small lot right at the front of the building.  HUMOUROUS STORY My friend Chicken Parm Phil uses Cetaphil because his name is Phil.~butter chicken chicken mango chicken chicken ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~0y2Ke3KLc8rtBi278Knzbw~The nachos were amazing! And so were the coconut chicken strips. The service was a 8 out of a 10 because it was a slow night and the waitress took forever and a day to bring over ranch and water. I'll go back though because the food was that good!~nachos coconut chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~CszoWxfk_8r_bIT6Io1MPg~I had brunch at Graze, and it was disappointing, closer to 3.5 than 4 stars on my scale. But I trust the L'Etoile team enough to give them another shot, probably for dinner, a menu that looks more interesting.  I had the pub burger, which was quite good but not great, while the fries were a little salty for my taste, but the aioli was a very good complement. Also tried a bit of a co-eater's ramen noodles with pork, which was better with some hot pepper sauce, but not special either.  In terms of atmosphere, the place is very nice and open, and it was a great setting for a summer morning by the farmers market.~burger fries ramen noodles pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OGOFEDDtzvvSeA4q8Uuc5A~Happy Hour is the best time to visit and is the best value. Don't miss the "Big Ass" burger or green chili pork. Get there before the 4pm start of happy hour to ensure you get a seat. There's often a line out the door!~burger pork ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~JkVMUyGkqugpLLgmaza0tg~Dublin's fries and onion rings are fantastic. They're herbed and come with a delicious sauce, and are nice and greasy without sitting in your stomach like a rock. They've got loads of great drinks, especially if you're a whiskey fan. They sometimes have live music in the front, and while they're a little loud for such a small place they were nice to have.~fries onion rings ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~7UhW_jVE5fK4R-sgfrsp1Q~Very clean facilities. Tons of parking even though its nearly full at noon each day. The salad bar is always well stocked and very fresh. Wonderful soups and deserts too. Nice music, modern not elevator. Attentive staff to remove your dirty plates/bowls. Nearly always use their emailed coupons for BOGO (with drink purchase). Pricey but worth it as long as it's not too frequent.~salad ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~-bRv39frCI050fC2eUoxBw~I've come in here a number of times - it's a decent salad bar. They have salad options with the bar, and the soups are the best part. The freshly cooked pasta leave something to be desired.    I used to really like it, but I find it harder to keep coming back. The service gets poorer all the time. They used to come around with fresh cookies periodically, but that has completely stopped - they will sell you some. The cashiers and managers are the biggest challenge. I get coupons by email, and every time I go in they refuse to honor them - they add some requirement that doesn't exist on the coupon. Both times I involved a manager, they were smug and blew me off.    With no discounts, the price is pretty high. At $10 for a salad bar, I really would expect something more.~salad salad pasta cookies salad ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NyeKUAtri_tv-gMBri-opA~BBQ beef sand w fries & a Fat Tire.  You can't go wrong.~beef fries ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~l7gNaVnkqAnwvP89v7moAQ~Being from the Pacific Northwest, I have fairly high standards for seafood and have not found many places in Pittsburgh that I would consider great (or even "good" for that matter). I came here for an event earlier this week and was able to sample a variety of their oysters. If these were any indication of the rest of the food, then I can't wait to come back and try a full meal (- the blue-crab stuffed salmon is first on the list). My favorite was their version of oysters rockefeller, which I could have eaten an entire plate of. We were also given a shucking demonstration, which was super fun - they make it look so easy! Everyone that works there is very passionate about seafood, especially the owner who seems very involved in the daily operations of the restaurant (and is also very cute :)  ).   The space itself is great - it is decorated well to fit the theme of the restaurant. I will be back soon to try a few more items from the menu!~salmon oysters rockefeller ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~uKBdjF7ktzKN-M__5_5NbA~We've been coming here for years and this was the worst order ever. We always order the same thing, the fried shrimp, mahi and chicken katsu combo plate, the fried shrimp, mahi BBQ chicken combo plate, beef fried saimin, spam saimin, BBQ chicken plate and a chicken katsu plate. Sometimes they're good others they're ok. Today everything was bad. It seems as if they're cutting costs by slicing the chicken and mahi length wise in half so it looks like the same amount but just much thinner. Nothing had taste even the saimin was watered down and half the amount of noodles. The fried saimin was half veggies half noodles with about 4 small pieces of beef. The BBQ chicken was thin and wasn't marinated enough so there was no taste. The chicken katsu was thin and overly fried it was like jerky. The katsu in my combo looked like left overs they cut and refried and the mahi was so thin it shriveled up into a curly q. I called them to tell them at the very least replace the katsu which was obviously refried so they told me to bring it back. Needless to say I brought back just the katsu and I told them how the mahi was and the cook showed me how the other pre-battered frozen pieces looked. The other cook gave me dirty looks and the two of them including the cashier was all talking Spanish which shows no ALOHA despite their name.~shrimp chicken shrimp bbq chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4XejYxunEvxCzCeIFSXg8g~You must come hungry! There are so many choices, so best to do walk thru first to see what is on offer. Nothing worse than piling lots of food on your plate you won't eat, then getting another plate to try other dishes. My husband doesn't eat meat, gluten, and dairy, so the chef took him for a tour to show him the vegan dishes. So nice this is offered!  The dessert is also abundant, do a walk thru with this too. My favorite was the gelato, around 5-6 different flavors. Loved the vanilla bean and coffee.  I'd come back to this buffet. For all that is offered the price is reasonable. Add $15 for unlimited sparking wine, wine, and beer. I didn't choose it, but it's nice they have that option!~coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~kvd2KjZoi9Wm6AczSzhnZA~Best cheese curds in Madison. Hands down. Best brunch in Madison??? Perhaps!  Man, I'm lovin me that fried chicken and waffle. Chicken. Waffle. Perfection.  But dude the seasonal fruit pancakes with apple cherry compote and cinnamon butter....umm, I'll take an extra order to go...  If you're feeling traditional, don't worry you can get your eggs and bacon. Uh huh.~cheese fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~PTiQDt2trZCXBDRY37XPYg~it's got this great, modern ambiance to it but the food is just okay.  the bibimbap is nowhere near authentic and the pork buns were disappointingly over priced.  the popcorn is good tho, ill give it that.~pork popcorn ~3 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~FwE5DEm_ZmSi5pOFUqOPzQ~A new player in the Downtown Phoenix food scene, Bliss is a creation by the folks behind the Fez, Switch, and Ticoz empire. They occupy a buliding once occupied by Fate and Nine|05, the former of which was one of my favorite restaurants.  Entering the restaurant, we were greeted with an odor of mildew and dirty water, which isn't exactly a pleasant way to arrive into an establishment. Being the only ones seated in the small space, we were able to really examine it, and I noticed one glaring difference between the way they have it set up and the way it was set up; it feels like a cafeteria. The installation of florescent lights, heat lamps, and massive amounts of stainless steel in the open kitchen make this place feel like a lunchroom at high school. Whatever, we can deal with it. An overview of the menu showed several options which seemed like drunk food... fried everything, cheese crisps, foot long hot dogs, slider burgers, tacos, grilled cheese, etc. Apparently "comfort food" means deap fried grease? NO THANKS. I ordered the Braised Beef Tacos, which had the consistency of paste, but were average in taste.   My biggest gripe with this place is the microwave (not even a turbo chef) sitting front and center in the kitchen. Look, I understand that some restaurants use microwaves (usually not good ones) in their kitchen, especially if it's a cold kitchen (which this isn't) but having it in plain view and audible in the dining room is just atrocious. I truly hope someone from the restaurant reads this and hides the thing. It made me completely lose my appetite when I saw them heating my girlfriend's rice for her chicken skewers in the microwave. yuck. She did mention she was neutral about her food. We are people who go out at least once a day for a meal and try a new place every time, so we know food.   Everyone we encountered was nice, and the service was very friendly. Everyone seemed interested in how well we enjoyed our meal, the space, and they seemed interested in welcoming us back. Unfortunately, the place looks kind of makeshift on the ReBar side, and like a cafeteria on the Bliss side. I'm not really sure why it looks makeshift, perhaps it is just because it looks like a temporary wall in the back of the room, or because it looks so bare, but it looks like they are in there just for the time being.   I feel compelled to go here again but only for drinks out on the patio. The inside looks like Mexico, the food wasn't very good, and the cafeteria/microwave issues pretty much summed up this is not a place for a nice night out dining.  I also find it interesting how many reviews are by orange heads or people who were here for the "vip opening." c'mon, try the place before you write a public review of it, and by try I mean eat some food, and actually experience it.~cheese hot dogs burgers tacos cheese beef tacos chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Uxh8yXD6F0jrYFZ0uApHhw~My wife and I had 4 others meet us on the bar patio for happy hour. We looked at the appetizer menu and I decided to try the BIG ASS BURGER.  This meal was not an appetizer, it was huge. It came with fries and both the burger and the fries were good. It has to be over 1/2lb of beef, I had all I could do to finish it but during happy hour it was $9. Great deal  When dinner (and several drinks) were over, our server started telling us about the deserts and recommended the banana split. This is a banana with chocolate chunks, and caramel wrapped in a tortilla and fried, then rolled in cinnamon and sugar and served with ice cream and sauce.   Ohhh, This was so good and rich, she brought one desert and 6 spoons. We had all we could do to finish it.  The mens room is a hike from the bar patio, infact it is in the middle of the adjoining office building. I was surprised that a place this nice did not have it's own mens room.~burger fries burger fries beef banana banana caramel ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~i4I2a1QcqV9uCPTuzUNkKQ~I would love to give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5. However based on my experience dining in the Buffet at the Wynn, I will utilize this review for some constructive criticism with a few kudos. A combination that will accumulate in a 3 star review.    The Buffet at the Wynn is a dining area of elegant surroundings. I had the experience of dining in an indoor garden. It was an experience made better with seeing the sun as it shined through a glass ceiling. It was an experience supported through a $25 daily lunch price.    With so much investment in a luxurious interior, why was there so little in training? The service was mediocre at best. After the friendly hostess seated us, we kept waiting and waiting for a server. Finally we had to ask the hostess to send a server to our tsble. Why? In the Mirage, the very hotel that Steve Wynn created, on the spot the Cravings Buffet server asked what we wanted to drink. Ditto for economy buffets that include the Fiesta. Just like miso soup at the Wynn, the service was relatively nonexistent. It seemed that our friendly server was more interested in chatting with another server than taking care of our table. During desert, I had to walk up to him to kindly ask him for more coffee.    And the coffee is another area that constructive criticism hopefully could improve. When people are paying good money for a buffet, they appreciate when the server pours fresh coffee into their cup instead of a pot of coffee that had hot temperature challenges. To get to the chase the coffee fell short of the hot temperature and taste that I expected.    Further constructive criticism of the Buffet at the Wynn is numerous food stations with so few choices. The stations themselves are commendable.  They are Shell fish, chilled sea food, Asian, The Grill, American, Italian, Pizza, Seafood, Salad, and Specialties. But the selection is lacking. The most obvious example is the soup selection. There were only like three soups in the whole buffet. To my eyes it wasn't quantity over quality. The chicken noodle soup appeared to be mostly chicken and barely noodles. Where were the mushrooms in the Vegan Cream of Mushroom soup? Where were the soups that the people love? I would have appreciated if I could of chowed down miso soup, won ton soup, hot & sour soup, or egg drop soup. I was disappointed that I could find the standard buffet offerings like salmon but no shrimp or scallops. I could go on and on. But I want to address the point that each station had only a few choices, the antithesis of the Rio Buffet and when you get down to it a Feast Buffet. And my taste buds found little difference between the egg plant parmesan here and at the Orlean's Buffet. The small selection extended to the ice cream selection. I do not recall seeing gelato. I am sure that the common flavor of strawberry was nonexistent. And the scoop of the delicious capucinno ice cream was remarkably small at the same time of being a scoop short of the ice cream served at the majority of buffets.     I give kudos to some of the live stations. The Kalhi marinated steak was delicious. And I also thought highly of the shrimp and pork dumpling with garlic sauce.    The deal is that I work very hard for my money. Put it this way, I am not one of those guys that is going to drive out of the Wynn Ferrari dealership in a new Ferrari. But, sometimes constructive criticism goes a longer ways than the wheels of a Ferrari from a Wynn show room. With that said, in the near future I intend patronize what I consider better buffets on the Las Vegas Strip. Regardless I still give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5.~miso soup coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee salad soup chicken soup chicken mushrooms mushroom soup miso soup soup soup egg soup salmon shrimp egg ice cream ice cream ice cream steak shrimp pork garlic ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VwI_T-K0o-s3KqWSiwN_pA~COST: $2.50 (Coffee) $10~ Bibimbap Burrito After walking through a blizzard literally anything we eat here would ve been awesome The friendliest people I ve seen in Madison for sure I was picking between their bibimbap burrito or breakfast sandwich and I was advised by the server to go for the burrito and she was god damn right It s so surprising to me how a very clearly American looking place has such a fantastic brunch special It was so delicious I wish had gone back for it The flavors were exotic and the small side of kimchi was amazing There was some special spicy sauce that came with it It definitely had some kick to it and was on the sweet side as well just perfect Last but not the least let s talk about the coffee They brewed and served Kickapoo Coffee s Winter Solstice which I m still trying to find and buy online It s the most delicious coffee I ve ever had with hints of chocolate and caramel It was awesome I look forward to a Madison return trip over the summer and I ll roll through Graze again ~coffee) burrito) burrito sandwich burrito... coffee. coffee coffee caramel. 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~lHISZGq7_TlpH4WCYvOkDw~BJ's is your typical chain brewery I think.  It's not quite as good as a 4 Peaks because well, everyone likes a one of a kind over a chain...the good ones any way.    I feel like one of the downsides is that their menu is like a novel.  I mean my gosh, make a decision here...what kind of food do we want to serve?  I don't want to read through a Cheesecake Factory sized menu when I just want to get a beer and good eats. It's not bad food, it's pretty good - nothing above and beyond but also nothing to write home about.  I have tried the Grilled Chicken Pasta which was just okay.  The second time I went I had the Balsamic Glazed Chicken which was actually pretty delicious.   I haven't gone too much into the beer menu as I'm not a huge beer drinker, but the list is actually pretty big.  Service was great both times, servers were always very friendly and the place was clean.    I'm sure I'll be back here at some point, occasionally it's comforting to know exactly what you're getting in to rather than the unknown. :)~chicken pasta chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UlCQMFT5gBOsY-PJtE6x3Q~Went on a Friday night and it was pretty busy. Got a nice table by the window. The cheese plate was pretty good. I thought the food was pretty average compared to other places in Madison. The service was terrific. A lot better than most places, and the drink selection may make me come back just for drinks. Overall, I might come back.~cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VuygnyL6H6xO3LoY9EO3EA~How does a fork roar? There is a certain zen quality to that question, much like the ever popular "if a tree falls, yada-yada" (I know, it's not really yada-yada, but you get the idea). I have been to several restaurants lately named with utensil based nomenclature, or named after the place in which the meal was prepared (Kitchen, Wok, etc.).  I fully expect that trend to continue, but I think it shows a certain lack of imagination. Sometimes that can be helpful, like "Jimmy's BBQ Pit"...I know it's likely to be BBQ.  Simply "Jimmy's Pit" or "Jimmy's" or "Pit" wouldn't be helpful (well, "Pit" might tell you avoid the place). But generally, I like a little romance in the naming...a little something to pique my interest (having said that I still think the food at Hooters is just not up to the name, but that's a discussion for another time). The Beautiful Carin and I headed over to the Roaring Fork for Happy Hour a couple of nights ago and spent a lovely evening at the bar with Clark, the bartender/server/happy hour ambassador.  The bar is the place to have a happy hour dinner and couple of cocktails. Tables are fine, but the bar is just a better atmosphere!  We hadn't been back for happy hour since Bob McGrath sold the place, but it really hasn't changed (which is a good thing!!). All of our favorites are still solidly on the menu, and the Big Ass Burger is still riding tall at the Roaring Fork Happy Hour!  We started with the green chile pork stew and scotch (why yes, they do have one of my favorites...Bunnahabhain...that always puts me in a good mood!). I had the Big Ass Burger... it truly is a big ass burger and really tasty...it's not Kobe beef, it's just beef, but good beef, cooked correctly! Carin had the Roasted Chicken which was also really well prepared...crispy skin, moist and flavorful! We couldn't begin to eat it all, so DeeDee was delighted with us when we got home:) For the capper, they have started making their own pies, in their wood fired oven. You know what's better than chocolate pecan pie in homemade crust (yeah baby, none of the store bought crap for these Roaring Forkers)...almost nothing! Sex, that's about it. Jeez, I waddled out of there, $50 lighter, but that's a hell of a meal for $50, (including a couple of single malts, a marti and dessert)! So, how does a fork roar?  It roars for thee my friend, it roars for thee.~burger pork burger burger beef beef beef chicken pie ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sFV9JlF57Ujl5cITsC4W3A~I go to this place because of the atmosphere - not the food.  The windows and view of the capitol are wonderful and I love the setting.  But the food is meh.  Most recently I ordered the pub burger with the veggie patty instead of the meat.  It was a patty with wild rice, Bulgar, etc but I don't think there was a single veggie.  The "veggie" burger itself had no taste - it just relied on the pickles, sauce, etc.  I expected more from a place like Graze.  I've been there a few other times and each time I have been "undewhelmed."  It looks fancy but I'm not impressed.  One other note - I ordered a root beer with my meal.  Looked at the label and discovered it had high fructose corn syrup.  Really?  For a place touting the local-ness of the food, I would expected them to pick a root beer with more natural ingredients.  Very disappointed in that.~burger patty patty wild rice burger pickles corn ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~pzCCpn3FZ79Q_-lT4zaW7Q~My boyfriend and I originally planned to go to the old fashioned. We must have been struck with bad luck today because we drove two hours to dine there! We were so disappointed! We found graze after walking around and trying to get into other burger joints. Those of course were too packed. We then went to graze and were expecting to get burgers, but they only offered the brunch menu. So we weren't really crazy about any of the options. However, we were starving and did not want to want in line at another busy restaurant. We heard their cheese curds were quite a hit so we of course had to try them. I'll admit it they were perfection. The cheese was melty and gooey and so so delicious. My boyfriend ordered the pub burger for his main course and I ordered the madame croque. My boyfriend ordered his burger medium and got his medium well. He did not understand why they put it on an english muffin because it was just plain soggy. My meal was pretty good but nothing worth raving about. The highlight was definitely the cheese curds. I was not into the atmosphere at all and the service was mediocre.~burger burgers cheese cheese burger burger cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jPDRYzuxJz8C6SXhxSIy6w~Wow, I have never eaten at a place that was so all over the map in regards to service/food quality.  My husband and I came here on a Saturday evening to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Now, I was a dumb-o and forgot to make reservations.  I did try that morning, but you have to leave a voice mail because they don't open till 4, so that was totally my bad.  When we got there right at 6 pm, there was no one waiting in the waiting area and the bar was filling up.  We saw about 8 empty tables in the restaurant, I was excited because I thought oh good, we can still get a seat in the main restaurant.  We asked the hostess for a table for two.  She looked at me like I was crazy and said, sorry we are all booked up, you can go sit in the bar or our next available seating is at 9 (WHAT?!).  I said, well I can see several open tables and no one is waiting here, I didn't realize this was a reservation only restaurant, there was no mention of it on your website.  She then says, well its Saturday, so yeah its pretty much reservation only.  This older gal was none to friendly and said, just go hang out in the bar area and scope out tables.  Um, ok...  So we decided to sit in the bar and take her advice on 'scoping out' a table.  We find a table quickly and our bar waitress was not helpful at all.  Took her 5 min to hand us a menu, we ask for a regular menu, she brings one 5 min later.  I ask her for another regular menu so my husband can look at one too and she replies, oh ok...Off she goes, where to, nobody knows...In the meantime, the seating in the bar is just what you'd expect, crowded, not that comfortable, so we scope out one of the three booths in the bar area and waited until this couple left and switched to that booth.  This booth was great, even though we were in the bar, didn't feel crowded or rushed at all.  So, that was nice, plus our server over at the booth was much more attentive and friendly...  OK, on to the food....  We ordered the mojito and their signature margarita.  The mojito was delish.  First time I had ever had one and I would totally order again.  The margarita was gross.  It was straight up tequila or something.  Maybe others would be happy about that (LOL), but I was not.  We didn't even drink more than a few sips.  Told the waitress, her response...sorry.  On to our appetizer, we got the Big Ass Burger.  It was very good.  Definitely a great happy hour item.  We split this and loved it.  For dinner, I ordered the pork tenderloin with Mexican street corn and grits.  This was good.  The pork did not have much flavor (it was wrapped in bacon) which was surprising, but it tasted good if you ate it with a bit of the corn and grits with it.    My husband ordered the ribeye steak.  This came out BLACK.  He took a few bites and called over the waitress to tell her all he could taste was the charred from the steak.  So they send it back and remake him one (the manager comes over and profusely apologizes, which was nice).   The redone steak came out great and we were happy with it, tasted flavorful, etc.  Now, the manager comes back and says, we comped the drinks and the steak for your trouble.  I am thinking, wow this is great!  How nice of them, the evening started out crappy, the steak was burned, this will be great.  NO, while they did comp the drinks, they comped the REMADE steak.  So, our check showed two steaks, with one written off.  I bring this to the waitresses attention and she goes to check with her manager.  She comes back and says, no the bill is right.  We are comping the steak we remade for you. I was in disbelief.    Needless to say, our first impression of The Roaring Fork was not good and we will not be back.  Too bad, b/c I think the place has potential, but I can get food just as good, for half the prices and pretenses elsewhere...~burger pork corn grits pork bacon corn grits steak steak steak steak steak steak steaks steak ~2 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~Prnwaszg8uV3zUhMtUVGJA~Their prices are getting out of control.  FOR SALAD?  Dudes, your dinner prices are getting exorbitant.  At these rates, the "premium" items like the proteins should be included with the meal.   Sorry Sweet Tomatoes, you just priced yourself out of the ballpark.  Back to SouperSald.  Just crazy lately!!!~salad ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Eua0pTP_5C5yfLVw4IUPhA~Graze is a high-class hippie joint and this is not a bad thing at all. My favorite cheese curds used to be from The Old Fashioned but were quickly replaced by Graze's beer battered cheddar cheese curds. Amazing. I highly prefer this place for dinner over brunch and similar to L'Etoile (same owners!) they offer fresh, seasonal ingredients with a farm-to-the-table approach. The gnocchi is particularly good as well as their pulled pork mac n' cheese. Their drinks are good but overpriced. They don't take reservations which sometimes means a long wait for a table but it is worth it.~cheese cheese gnocchi pulled pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qfkQkEdYjJdnJjLZlSu0PA~Mmm mmm... Dr Pepper braised short ribs with cheesy grits and a side of green chile mac and cheese.  Would highly recommend both of those dishes.  I'm getting hungry thinking about it!  Nice outdoor seating area and great bar area inside.~ribs grits mac and cheese ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~CimiLEa0M9VDPzXuBCUcEA~After hearing so much about BJ's, my brother and I went last night along with our pastor friend who lives just down the street.  We got the fried artichoke as an app, which was very good.  I had a baked potato with chicken and broccoli which was smothered in cheese and my brother had a chili cheese burger (those skinny fries are sooo good!).  Our friend had one of their BJ's deep dish pizza and I had a slice.  Not too greasy and with just the right about of crunch from the dough.  Then we topped it off with the red velvet pazooki, which was amazing!  But it's hard to go wrong with a pazooki.   The guys tried out a couple beers which they all thought were decent, but non of us are any sort of beer experts.    Overall the food was great and atmosphere was comfortable, but just a little loud.  Not the kinda place you want to go for peace and quiet, but not overbearing either.  Our server came to check up on us frequently and she was very polite.    Will come again!~artichoke baked potato ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aDSIWDD34YfHVDf7U4EWCg~One of the two buffets we always go to. There's always a great selection to choose from, and their dessert is delicious. The food is separated by things like, "Asian," "seafood," and "italian." Although they are a bit pricier than others, the quality of their food, and service is definitely worth it. Service is always hit or miss, though.   Plus : they have decaf coffee, and will give you soy if you request it for your coffee!~coffee coffee ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~eCVo762cK-PvKydUmz5ujw~Great seafood with a kid's menu too!  We used our Yelp coupon for a free appetizer and then enjoyed some delicious entrees including halibut, the crab cake salad, the kid's fish sandwich and the kid's pasta. All were very good with great service.~crab cake ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~3dWLYnHSXMraGmyXEVCraA~I had the green chili pork, omg it was awesome....came with roasted fingerling potatoes, awesome also .~pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~0gzX4GUodhz-I9F2raXW6Q~Disclaimer: I am not much of a buffet person.  The idea of eating  endless amounts of food (with the knowledge that there are many hungry people in the world) does not quite sit well with me.    I just had to try the Wynn buffet because the hubby would not stop talking about how he loved the bread pudding from his last Vegas trip.    I was pleasantly surprised.  We went for lunch on a Monday and there were no line - at all.  We were seated in the Alice-in-Wonderland meets Steve Wynn kitch atrium.  I have to say, it was quite nice.    My favorites were the pulled-pork (on top of of crunchy toast with light and fluffy fried onion rings) and the salad on cups.  The dessert selection was vast and the service very good (for a buffet) - they re-filled by ice tea five times!  If you are to do the buffet thing in Vegas, the Wynn is definitely the place to go.~pork onion rings salad tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~HsOtd3O0yb-XtzRsdJfnvg~OMG! These people don't play! Came here for happy hour and if was off the chain! Big ass burger and huckleberry margarita were the bombdizzle! They don't skimp on the alchohol! Drink totally worth it! Burger with tender beef, roaster green pepper, homemade fries with yummy aioli ! Heaven!  Ambience : lots of old folks but we came for the food !  Dress code: think tommy banana for guys and for girls... Whateva!~burger burger beef fries banana ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~wqdDjdJZlKlsPf82thP_vQ~We met a colleague from the past here and enjoyed the happy hour experience on the outdoor patio. Heat near the table was very welcome, as it was a bit chilly. Inside, there is a surprisingly beautiful restaurant.  The server was very professional, friendly, thoughtful, and helpful.  We first tried the signature huckleberry margarita. Thumbs up! The Big Ass Burger was indeed enormous. The fish tacos are a "new" take on tacos and very tasty. All the food was very good.  Food: 4.5 stars Service: 5 stars Ambiance: 4.5 stars~burger tacos tacos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UjpkUTmeyzI00mNKu7RyZQ~AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.  The line is uber long, but the wait is all worthwhile once you see and taste the food. It's like waiting in line at disneyland, the lines wove around and around.   The buffet is about 30 dollars but they have champagne brunch for 36 dollars as well. The champagne is good, they use Freixenet Champagne, which I like, and they also bring you orange juice for mimosas if you ask. The champagne is unlimited and we drank to our hearts content.   The food is gourmet from Asian sushi and soups to Italian rissoto and pastas. The thing I found most interesting is that all the food is gourmet, but they had congee with pork sung!! That is the ultimate Vietnamese porridge and we ate that because it was so cheap!! I had to try a bowl and it was delicious.   I had mostly breakfast food, but I also meandered to the Italian section to try the lamb rissoto and it is the best risotto i have ever had. I think I had 3 bowls of it.   There is a whole dessert room that had different flavors of ice cream, eclairs, cupcakes, doughnuts, and cookies. You can get on a sugar high just being in this room.   Even the coffee to sober up was good. I don't think I have anything bad to say about this buffet other than the lines, but it is understandable why is is so long now.   The is the BEST buffet ever.~sushi pork lamb risotto ice cream cupcakes doughnuts cookies coffee ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~IV0pb4zOKEYVJECz-CmTYQ~We just ate here today. Chicken Katsu is great. The BBQ meal was delicious. All meals have huge portions and the prices are reasonable! We have never had a bad experience here. And this place is busy all day.  I will definitely be going back because I want to try more dishes.~chicken ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~7RMzCz-qoIFcobAKUSS3Ng~The one star is only because our waitress Alyssa was great, but the food was some of the worst Irish food I've ever had in my life. We started off with their potato soup. One cup came to the table looking like soup and the other two looked like congealed porridge, not to mention they where all extremely salty. The cheese curds where about the best thing they had, but the onion rings were soggy and anemic looking. My wife had the pork shank that was so over smoked, she couldn't even taste the flavor of the pork. To this day she can't eat anything smoked because of it. My son had the shapers pie and said it was bland and tasteless, not worth $13. I had the bangers and mash by the recommendation of the waitress and they where in-eatable. The gravy on the massed potatoes was a gloppy gelatinous mass that would stick to the fork like The Blob.  Needless to say I will not be going back there for anything ever again. Money down the drain.~potato soup soup cheese onion rings pork pork pie ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sC1vtBubnbe6Qx0pJM_ntA~It can be hard to find food in Scottsdale late on a Sunday, especially in the off season.  OK, by "find food" I mean food that will please all, such as one can find at this new American meets char-grilled bourgeois chain with its massive menu.  So for me, this has been a kind of safety net for culinary dilemmas.  I've eaten the mac-n-cheese and other nom noms at the Austin location, and I've eaten at this location both for the "burger/bar" experience and the full on dinner extravaganza.  Much of the food is way above average, and described in detail elsewhere.  On my last dinner trip, we had the scallops and the plank-grilled fish special.  Both were well executed, although I can't tell you anything specific about the flavor profiles.  That in itself says something for me.  Not that it's not good or not worth it, but that it's not "special."  I can still tell you what I ate at Citizen Public House a year ago, but not this meal from a month ago.  But the burgers are amazing.   And the lamb app is fun.    I will say that as a dining experience this location feels like a cattle call, a kind of high-priced assembly line production with solid food, rushed service, and faux veneer on multiple levels. For me, this is the place to sit at the bar and get a burger and a glass of wine or beer in the afternoon, and perhaps an app.  As a dining experience, it's a bit cold an anonymous, not helped by the expansive interior.  The bar in Austin, just from a vibe level, is much more suited to my tastes.  And in Texas, at least the platinum-blonde dye is REAL.  :-0~cheese burger burgers lamb burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sSB7kvw7P4KR_TyTgEQS_g~Terrific spot - recommend reservations if you can.  We had a group of 7 and figured we would be fine on a Monday night but only the manager's creative efforts got us in pretty quickly.  Great steaks were had by all and the BLT wedge was fantastic.  For the appetizers, try the pork burritos - those were terrific.    As many others stated, the green chile mac and cheese and the mexican street corn are both great for side dishes.    The servers and wait staff were very very good and the vibe of the restaurant overall created a nice scene.    It won't be a miss, I promise.~steaks appetizers pork burritos mac and cheese ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~d4VWpUUzibqJVXsFml_B0g~I've been to Mad Mex dozens of times and I've never had a bad experience! If you're looking for a place that offers great food, great drinks, great service, all thrown together in a lively environment, this Mad Mex will do it for you!  In this adventure, I tried their drink special for the day which happened to be the bomb banana slammin' margarita. It was like slipping on a banana peel and falling in love! I also had the tortilla soup and potato taquitos. Both were just equally delicious.   One of the things I love about Mad Mex is their menu options. They have a wide variety of options that will suit a variety of appetites.~banana banana soup potato taquitos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~hw_bp4LzTZOUUlNHgaMjbg~In a word: disappointing.  After reading some reviews that placed this consistently in the top five buffets, we decided to give this a try.  We went on the 26th after Christmas for an early dinner to avoid the crowd.  The line was about one hour (3:30pm until 4:30 when we were seated).  $200 for four adults.  By appearances it could be nice with 15 or so stations with a lot of variety.  Unfortunately no coffee station for the price!    Salad:  not appetizing or original at all.  Skip.  Italian: the lobster ravioli was okay, polenta not good, gnocchi no good.    The grill:  prime rib okay, lamb chops adequate (a fresh roast came out and that was good, the first one was tough and dry).  Chilled seafood:  probably the only thing that was worth it.  Oysters, crab legs and shrimp cocktail.  Difficult to mess up.    Sushi bar:  sadly inedible.   The rice was the wrong texture and fish not fresh.  Ahi tuna poke was not sashimi grade fish -- this would not have been served in a good restaurant anywhere.  The grilled calamari with lime dressing was okay.  Desserts:  not bad but it was disappointing without a coffee bar.  Some highlights here:  a profiterole, creme brle, various small cakes.  Avoid the bread pudding.  All in all, this would have been good for $20 with no wait.  For $50 save your money and just go to a good sit down restaurant.    When we left the line looked about 2+ hours! oh sorry.  Their disappointment was probably way worse than ours.~coffee salad gnocchi lamb shrimp sushi tuna lime desserts coffee ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AKg9uZihEvuMBna0cvCwLw~Just enjoyed a wonderful dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday. The atmosphere was very nice as was the staff. Highly recommend the buttermilk chicken.~chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~TanH-GxRxbszd3z_3m4eVA~I come to Madison on occasion for business. Whether eating alone or not, this place is reliably delicious. My favorite dish is the bibimbap, and pork buns are also terrific. My server was solicitous and prompt (I was there before 6 for dinner), and the light and the people watching is very good.  Always enjoyable.~pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~DFJDkPwb9bMakI8YKTIO7A~Solid 3 stars  Went for dinner on a Saturday night.  Got there around 5pm hoping to beat the dinner crowd.  There were probably 10 people ahead of us yet the line moved so slow!!  After paying in the front, we were greeted by an older lady dressed in tacky 70's outfit. Upon observation, I realized all of the hostesses were dressed the same.  So she walks us over to the closest table by the cashier area which doesn't even look like a dining area, it was just an awkward place to sit down and eat.  It felt like someone put tables and chairs in a big empty hallway.  So we asked her if we can sit in the actual dining area closer in, and she blatantly said "go back in line and wait".  Umm.....never mind, we'll just take it.  So we just stuck to the awkward dining room and sat down.    Since I was starving, I made a beeline to the buffets.  The area was very clean and neatly organized.  There were varieties of foods and unique dishes that I've never seen at other Vegas buffets.    5 stars for great presentation.  2 stars for overly salty food.  Just about everything from snow crab to meat was extremely salty.  The only decent item was the prime rib and seasoned corn.  I was so disappointed because I had high expectations.  Even the dessert was unbearable.  My favorite madeleine's were spongy and flavorless.  Macaroons were soggy and gross.  What's worse than the salty food was the service.  Our server was very rude and when we tried to ask for refills on our water he, like all of the other waiters avoided eye contact and whizzed past us so fast we couldn't get their attention.    After 20 mins we had no choice but to ask the GM for more water and to order some coffee.  He was apologetic and brought out or coffee personally.  And we didn't complain in a bitchy way, we just brought it to his attention that we've been trying to get refills on our waters for a long time.  Apparently this didn't go well with our waiter and he gave us dirty looks every time he passed by our table.  Totally ruined our dining experience.  I plan to go back and hopefully the food and service will be better.~corn coffee coffee ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~vNg0F6aDmOc1qtEtDPYbog~I got the veggie pub burger which was a beet and walnut patty on an english muffin. It was a unique combination and it caught my eye. I loved the patty; it tasted good and you could actually taste the beet root. The english muffin as the bun was not a great idea; i think a typical bun would be the best idea still.   I also got their popcorn which the waiter said was the best popcorn he has ever had and it honestly kind of sucked. It was basically small popcorn with cheese sprinkled on top of it. I personally would not recommend the popcorn~burger beet patty patty beet popcorn popcorn popcorn cheese popcorn ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~XCXuuT11S0RKmzlP72wnzg~My go-to place for 4am Pakistani/Indian cuisine. They're open very late and usually have a collection of cab drivers parked outside who are always fun to chat with. The atmosphere inside is very casual, with an "order at the counter" and "seat yourself" system and TVs that usually play Bollywood music videos with occasional news reports.   Our dishes of choice: palak paneer, tika masala, butter chicken and chicken korma with plain rice and naan.~paneer butter chicken chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QPLD3EwcE1mDJBtwVLqIhA~We had our company xmas party at the roaring fork last year and I must say that it was a pretty good spread. We had the back room all to ourselves which was really nice, and we had tons of appetizers as we mingled and chatted with drinks in hand. What the appetizers were, I do not remember, but I do remember that it was alot of food.   Next we were seated for dinner and mind you I was a little stuffed from the appetizers but alas I took one for the team and made sure to partake in dinner. We had a caesar salad to start, I ordered the filet mignon and of course the chocolate brownie for dessert. We also had a huge bowl of the mac and cheese to share at the table and I tell you that was some good mac and cheese. Cheesy and spicy! What more can a girl ask for.  Will have to go and visit that place again soon.~appetizers appetizers appetizers salad mac and cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~xK2zvynGMnjcgFhTSbgMKw~These cupcakes are terrible. They look amazing and  I was so excited to dig in but the amount of icing (more than the actual cake) was nauseating. The taste was also very off. I suggest you buy your cupcakes elsewhere. I will not be going back.~cupcakes cake cupcakes ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~97lehi_nlgCqTSqEZ7Y77A~It was 11:00AM and I was starving!!! We drove around for about 30 minutes looking for something to eat  and finally we went to look for a restaurant inside the Wynn by yelpers recommendation. Once we were looking for the restaurant we came across this beautiful buffet.   I'm not a big fan of buffets, but I couldn't resist the beauty of this one and honestly I was starving that at that moment I felt like I could eat a horse.  The looks: It is BEAUTIFUL, this place looks just like the pictures you see on the Wynn's website (unlike other hotels).   Prices: for breakfast is $19.95 + tax so we went during lunch time (it starts at 11:30am) and it's like 22.95 (or 24?) + tax.  It sounds pricey, but it is so worth it!! We got seated around 11:45am, we missed the breakfast but they still had waffles, french toast, pancakes and fruit.   The food: It was a wide variety of food: American, Italian, Asian, Mexican & more - soups, salads, cold meats, calzones, pastas, eggs, steaks, seviche, sushi & a lot more.  Desserts: Ice Creams, caramel apples, cookies, cakes and fancy little things in very pretty containers, excuse my ignorance I don't know what they are called but they looked so good!  We sat and ate there for like a little over 2 hours, trying to try everything, but it's impossible!!! So much food, so little room in our stomachs! We would see guests at the other tables come, leave, come, leave... when we realized this we decided it was time to go...haha! It was kind of embarrassing, but whatever, will I ever see them again? no! and the people at the restaurant won't remember me, so just eat, eat, eat try to sample everything...who cares!  I recommend you pace yourself, haha, and save room for dessert, cus I didn't and I only got to try the ice cream :( Which was delicious, I got 1 scoop of coffee ice cream and a scoop of something else, I forget what it was but it was soooo good! One thing though, this coffee ice cream tastes has a very strong coffee taste, they are serious about it!   Anyway, I recommend this buffet! Will I go back??  SURE!~french toast pancakes salads steaks sushi desserts caramel cookies ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6XPsxHMNKa441QnhcrEnlw~Two words: CHEESE CURDS. My goodness, Graze has some of the best cheese curds I've had. Be sure to come early enough to not miss out-- I stopped by at 9 pm for a late dinner to learn that they were all out  Their menu is constructed around locally sourced foods, which is awesome. Thus, be prepared for a different entrees at each visit! The pork chops were absolutely delicious and so were the sea mussels from our last visit. A cozy atmosphere with great service! I would definitely recommend it.~cheese cheese pork ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~u9DMA1i6Xs6ZJHcd5taekw~Intriguing menu with great options - love the popcorn with SarVecchio cheese on top it's worth the price! House wine is from a tap, quality and made affordable by the lack of bottling driving the cost down. Great place for visitors and locals alike! Madison's finest for sure!~popcorn cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Y-aXCBxXqZRpzrENC-0moQ~In the mood for a burger, my roommates and I decided to checkout Graze. There were a lot of people waiting for tables, but everyone was seated quite quickly. Make sure to show up with your full party because they will not seat you until everyone is present. In terms of the food, I ordered the smaller burger option and was pleasantly surprised.  It was the perfect size burger if you aren't too hungry or in the mood for something heavy.~burger burger burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~pDC_40JYDnMLuVsc1z-orA~Best happy hour around. Kettle pork green chili was great and can't go wrong with the big ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~-yJuEag6OdHbzSFrl1a30g~I want to like PGB.. I really do. But my experience was underwhelming. The flavours sounded tempting. The cupcakes were sitting so prettily on the displays. The storefront is so cute. There was a line infront of me. I suspect many hungry workers sneaking a cupcake into their afternoon coffee break. When it's my turn, it took me forever to choose. Finally, I got the red velvet with cream cheese frosting, the chocolate with vanilla bean frosting, and the vanilla with cinnamon frosting.   As a cupcake lover, I've had my fair share of cupcakes. What do I look for? A moist cake, a rich and delicious flavour, delicious not too buttery, not too stiff frosting. And a pretty presentation helps too.   My biggest issue with these cupcakes was that it was so dry. It's no fun biting into a dried up cake. Flavour wise, none of the cakes were very rich. Red velvet cake tastes slightly different from other red velvets I've tried. Frosting tastes good though. But then as I took another bite, the top part split from the bottom part. The cake even though dry, was super light so the heavy frosted top just toppled right to the side.. and then onto the floor.  Sad =*(  Price wise, it was average. I think it was $1.75 for a mini and $2.75 for a regular cupcake.   I'll have to try these again in the near future, perhaps at their other location. Maybe the key is to fatten up their cakes more so it becomes more moist. Butter makes everything taste better right? :D~cupcakes coffee cream cheese ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~NHDNSWH7xVjKOF_HHc4aRA~This was a very nice spot for a holiday dinner with my wife. Had a very nice view of paradise valley. You wont find a menu like this out there, with the different spices and flavors they use in their dishes. Its definately unique. Their signature drinks are hit and miss. Some were very good, and others were quite odd like the celery margahita. All of their dishes have an asian flare to it based on the spices/rubs they use on their food. The odd one out I would say was the chorizo and mussles. It was very good, but didnt seem to go along with the rest of the menu based on the falvors alone. I had the double pork chop which was phenominal. The glaze added that extra sweetness, and along with the slight char was awesome. The pork fried rice that went along with it was also very good, but would have been better if they could have mixed it up a bit. Not a lot of creativity with pork chop and pork fried rice in my opinion. It seems like allspice or chinese 5 spice seems to be a theme, and is in just about everything from drinks to the food.  Service was very good. Jim took really good care of us, and didnt rush us at all. Allowed us to have a cocktail before we ordered an appetizer just to sit back and relax. He also made sure not to rush us and made it on our time instead of his which was very nice.  overall: 4 stars food: 3 stars service: 4 stars ambiance: 4 stars noise: moderate~celery chorizo pork pork fried rice pork pork fried rice ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~F4QwjDwWVnPASzp0cHK9HQ~Wow, this place surprised me. From the outside, it looks like any other restauraunt attached to an office building. However, as soon as I walked in the door and saw chickens on a rotisserie I knew I was in for a good meal. Everytime I have been here the service has been outstanding, the food amazing and the drinks strong. They have a great happy hour and a wonderful complimentary bread basket. If you are into mac and cheese you have to try it here.~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~t_sJ3Gt2FqCDa0vcv9MmVg~Worth every penny. All decent food... Not too salty or sweet... Ramen soup was salty though..  Crab legs and shrimps were great...  Good coffee... and desserts...  I would come again.~ramen soup shrimps coffee desserts ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mqFtemb_1x6JdpUWjB6BdA~Oh Roaring Fork, Roaring Fork - where art thou, Roaring Fork?   North of the Scottsdale Fashion Square lies Roaring Fork. I came here for dinner with co-workers and the experience was fabulous! It is an intimate, cozy, romantic restaurant. I started off with the Huckleberry Margarita - it was pretty strong and couldn't finish it, but highly recommend!  The complimentary cornbread was moist and warm and full of goodness. The fresh guacamole and chips, rotisserie chicken flat bread, and the kettle of green chili pork was full of flavor!  I was already starting to get full, but I had to order an entre - the sugar-cured duck breast with green chili mac & cheese! So much food, not enough room in my tummy! You have to order the duck and the mac & cheese - it was the highlight of the night for me! It was ridiculously yummy...  I wish I saved room for dessert, but I didn't. Normally, very rare as I usually save room for dessert. This time, the food was just so good that I couldn't stop. I did not want to stop!  I woke up the next morning daydreaming about my dinner the night before. Yes, ladies and gentlemen - it was THAT GOOD!~chips chicken pork cheese cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~vLwxXK1NTqLTO68_yjVNBA~Great beer made on site, and some unique deep dish pizzas make for a great happy hour and reverse happy hour.   Despite the recent rise in the price of the mini pizzas the half off deal at happy hour is hard to beat. The deals on the beer are not the best, but they quality makes up for it.   I really like the spinach artichoke pizza, Imagine taking a pizza and using a creamy artichoke spinach dip in lieu of tomato sauce. That is one rich deep dish pizza. Couple with a tatonka stout and it is one great meal to indulge in.   Some of their other great beers are the Jeremiah red. As the name implies it is a red Irish beer. Usually there is a Belgium seasonal high gravity beer whose flavor and alcoholic punch is are to beat.  For happy hour beers are $1 off mini pizzas are 1/2 off and most appetizers are $2 off. There is some deal on well drinks, but then why come to a brewery to drink anything other than beer?     If you find your self feeling the effects of the beer too quickly the potato wedge fires make for a great sponge to soak up some of the happy juice in the beer.  Don't forget you can get a growler (1/2 gallon) of beer to go!~spinach artichoke artichoke spinach tomato appetizers potato ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~j1dT9OJLNvf57hI8wBoY5Q~I had there bbq beef sandwich, they do pile on the beef but the real winner here is the sauce.  The fries are made with seasoned salt just the way I like'em.  service..what service just order, pick it up and eat.  I'd be back but certaintly not for the ambience or friendly service.~beef sandwich beef fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MVmy-kTp-mo1yuU-dYfMSA~Graze is my favorite restaurant in Madison. Not only is the view incredible, but the atmosphere and food are unbeatable. The menu changes with the season which makes it that much more exciting each time you go. The food is fresh and local-- never over the top. You can always get classics like mac and cheese and the best cheese curds ever. Or you can go crazy and try one of their more creative dishes like my favorite beet and walnut burger on a pepita bun. The restaurant itself is trendy yet sophisticated and the service is great. The restaurant is well run and even when the wait is very long, they have a website that shows where you are in line and texts you when your table is ready. Overall, Graze never disappoints. Come for the food, view, and energy!~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~l7qG3dSYo1D4L2KuPAz4cw~The food took awhile to come, but it was decent.  We had the Dr. Pepper Short Ribs and the Dr. Pepper Baby Back Ribs.  The meat was cooked well but it was not seasoned well.  The chili macaroni cheese was not very memorable either.  The server was attentive and the manager did drop by to check on the table which was nice.  But we suspect this may be because it was low season.~ribs ribs cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rGI6tWBOif7ZBycPBobYkQ~I've been here a couple times. This past time we managed to sneak in and grab two seats at the bar before the rush hit. Started with the sangria it was delicious. I also got some pork buns. The one I ate had a bunch of bones in the mean which was frustrating because I had to take it apart to eat it. The other one didn't have any bones. It was very flavorful. I then got some Mac and cheese which was very good.  Some things on this menu are definelty overpriced. 21 dollars for a graze burger? seems a little bit excessive.~pork mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~3xQU3yjCvLdPOeKG0VLYTg~Amazing place!  Atmosphere, food and prices (happy hour). We went there with 12 of our close friends for happy hour.  The service was stupendous, everything everyone ordered was top notch.  When I asked the waiter for a recommendation, he said everything on the menu was great and so right he was!  In our crowd we had the big ass burger, mixed green salad, pork wings, fish tacos.  Everyone in our group is a converted fan and we will definitely be back!~burger salad pork tacos ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~t9leBBaGAul07WiUqRZV3Q~Came here for lunch and had a burger, flat breads, tacos and more with my family. It was delish!~burger breads tacos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~anJu4pBUwtHoaAqVNvenCQ~I went for Sunday Brunch and they were out of Champagne!!! Unbelievable!!  But luckily the food was pretty good!  The highlights had to be the freshly prepared omlettes and the  prime rib.  It had a good selection of foods.  The deserts looked amazing but they kinda tasted all the same and a bit bland.  The coffee was good, very strong.    The highlight was sitting in the Atrium though, definitely the best looking buffet in vegas.  The atmosphere was great!~coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~8G_yUmxuXx2KW4-nqo3LiA~Being vegan, I like to pop in to the Wynn at some point during each visit to Las Vegas to enjoy a decent meal! This time, me and my companions opted for The Buffet brunch, and were not disappointed!   I alerted the hostess that 2 folks in our party are vegan, and she summoned a chef, and waited with us until the chef arrived. Chef Kelly was friendly and great! After introducing herself, and asking us about our specific dietary restrictions, Kelly took us all around the buffet lines, alerting us what was vegan, and what special dishes they could prepare for us (options included pizza, ravioli, tofu scramble, pancakes, and more!) We opted to gorge ourselves on the buffets plentiful vegan offerings, plus a specially prepared Vegan ravioli. All was delicious and there was way more food than we could possibly eat, even desserts! I really enjoyed the ravioli, polenta, and buddha's delight veggies.  The service from the hostess to the servers was great. We opted for the bottomless drink addition and were never left feeling thirsty! They also had great coffee with Soy milk.  I would definitely recommend this to visiting vegans/vegetarians and friends!~tofu pancakes desserts coffee milk ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JaxoA2NyFswtV3CWTy1WLg~We started our meal off with the deviled eggs and the soft pretzel appetizer. The eggs were good, and the pretzel was delicious, although I wasn't a fan of most of the dips that came with it. I had the farmer johns provolone sandwich with ham. I loved the bread, and the sandwich was quite large and filling. The fries that came with it were also good. I came here for a business lunch, and I did not pay for it, so I can't really comment on the value. The staff were attentive and overall it was a great experience.~sandwich sandwich fries ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~NPWv2HmWQd1Q_B1W53NghQ~I love all the Mad Mex locations, this one included.  The food is great and consistent between locations.  They are more than happy to substitute the meat in non-vegetarian items with tofu whenever I ask, even though it's not stated in the menu that they will do this.  That means big bonus points for me!!  There is no shortage of veggie-friendly menu items, but any time I have made a special request it has been honored without question.    This location seems to have more craft beer on tap than some of the others (namely Oakland).  That's great too!  There's really nothing I DON'T love about Mad Mex, it's probably my favorite restaurant in the 'burgh.~tofu ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~Bruj9LR1swh4ATn70Uq2Ow~So not good.    Most things were substandard.  My potato soup with chorizo was delicious.  But other than that, so off the mark.  For instance, my salad was swimming in vinaigrette.  So sour!  That's a Denny's mistake.  My crab fried rice had decent pieces of snow crab, but a strange, off-putting tang that lingered.  When I factor in prices, I start feeling anger and regret over my dinner choice.  Service started off slow (on a slow night), and then ended up downright dismissive.  Elements does have a beautiful view, and I would whole-heartedly recommend it for drinks with out-of-towners.  But if you care at all about food, keep going.~potato soup chorizo salad fried rice ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JfuEXh7tZQv5Du9gndRo9Q~Roaring Fork is a solid restaurant.  First and most importantly, the food is overall quite good!  Definitely a meat-eaters restaurant - would avoid if you are a vegetarian.  We tried the queso con puerco as an appetizer.  Pretty good though not spectacular - basically melted cheese with a small portion of pork topping, which is a nice touch.  For entrees, the pork carnitas are fantastic.  Very tender and nice flavor.  Bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin is also excellent - also perfectly cooked, tender, and the bacon... who doesn't like bacon!!  As a side, we tried the often mentioned green chili mac and cheese.  This was definitely good, though I do admit that I was slightly underwhelmed probably because of my overly high-expectations.  The macaroni itself was decent, though the crisp cheese topping was tasty.  Price is reasonable considering the pricey trend of Scottsdale restaurants.  Expect to pay high teens to mid-high 20s for entrees.  Service was great!  Other Yelpers described slow service, but this was not my experience.  Our waitress was prompt, friendly, and helpful, and we were frequently checked-on to confirm our meal was up to par.  No complaints.  Decor is nice.  We liked the ambience, and the kitchen can be entertaining to observe.  Would be a nice date place, since it's quaint and not overly loud.  Will be back!~cheese pork pork carnitas bacon pork bacon bacon mac and cheese ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~vp2Cku2FeFVbGt26Bts6Bg~Staying in town for some baseball. Was told to eat here....great customer service.  Prices are great.  The BBQ sauce is beyond amazing.  Tried the sliders...one beef,  one pork and one chicken.  One word...WOW. best pork I have ever had.  I highly recommend.~beef pork chicken pork ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Gep6UhpRDGiDoatEXop7gg~Got the butter chicken with nan A lot of variety, butter chicken was not bad but Ive had better before They warm up the food and give a small salad, 2 pieces of naan with a drink for 13 The best part of the meal was the naan, it was large and soft Would visit again~butter chicken butter chicken salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dzB8Dv1RT7xZqWT5C-FhUA~Awesome yummy buffet! Came here for brunch with my boyfriend and the pancakes were made on the spot and really fluffy! The sashimi was good and tasted creamy and we kept going back for seconds and thirds! Mango sorbet and green tea ice cream were also delicious! We were super stuffed and happy after this meal! Fresh squeezed OJ you can taste the pulp! and the waitresses were also very friendly! Would definitely come back! The decorations with the flowers and centerpieces were also really pretty!  Minus one star for the 1 hour wait though~pancakes mango tea ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~x2dETzjikioiVxzE1iy6ZQ~Today was a good day! Spending time with my son became a culinary dining experience that ended in magnificence.  GRAZE is 5 star worthy.  Upon the opening of the Giant glass doors, and entering the high ceiling area, you are greeting with a welcoming smile filled with sincerity.  We were asked if we wanted a booth, a bit cozier choice if needed, or near the front of the house . which is along the huge floor to ceiling windows overlooking the square. We offered no opinion , and were given the seating with a view. Loved it!  The server Anne, (who was impeccable) was so gracious timewise. This would hold true throught our entire visit.  We ordered mid afternoon libations, then decided on our lunch choices. The Moules Frites was a must. The Gorgeous Plump Mussels werre presented in a deep bowl, nice and hot, with the most delicate unevasive sauce worthy of dipping the hot crusty baguette into over and over. (that "bread" was insanely good) The accompanying crisped Frites, which btw are NOT greasy at all, are served with a Saffron Aioli that is so wonderfuly balanced. (kethcup would be a crime) My son had chosen for his luncheon entree, the Salad Lyonnaise. This included a perfectly poached Duck Egg  and also the Lardon made their already impeccable Dijon dressing,(and I quote)  "a man's salad".  I  marveled in the Beet Salad, which consisted of golden and red warm beets, cut into appropriate size. with your toasted pepitas (pumpkin seeds)  along with a honey vinagarette dressing tossed so light over mixed greens.The star of the salad was the warm mound of creamy pepita crusted Goat Cheese that melted in your mouth and complimented the earthy beets perfectly Our server Anne had such perceptively timed attentiveness  through our visit and i do feel the need to stress that and thank her. She made us feel welcome and apprecitated.   We LOVED GRAZE, and are so thrilled we made the correct city lunch choice.  Please do go. Indulge yourself in satisfaction. You're worth it.~salad egg salad beet salad pumpkin honey salad cheese ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~xucDR-JjqJtkSw7XgaWWIA~Lots of vegetarian options which is great. Good happy hour drink specials and food prices are comparable to other restaurants in the area. The portions are huge and their birthday club is great, when you sign up they mail you a postcard for a free burrito anytime during the two week span around your birthday.~burrito ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Vid8r7beJKr0UDT5IUdNaA~I came here for dinner on a Friday night (first mistake). The wait was atrocious. We waited for over an hour and a half (second mistake). I think this is why I don't remember much of my experience. From what I can remember they had bomb cocktails! I do not remember how the food was. I know I got the ever-popular mac n' cheese. I want to say it was just alright since I don't remember - probably meaning: It was just alright.   Looking at the menu right now and props to Graze for their unique dishes and combinations and of course, all locally grown ingredients.~cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~on7XKNk_BrwGEN8hpTpUOw~Took a friend here from out of town the other night. No lie, probably the best service I've ever had at a restaurant- they set the bar very high in valuing their customers. Aside from the service and most important- the food. I ordered the half chicken with vegetables and my friend ordered the "big ass" burger. The chicken was roasted perfectly. My favorite part though would've been the cornbread stuffing that the - chicken sat upon... they should offer a side dish of it, it was unbelievable. My friend's burger was huge, no surprise given it's very direct menu name- he loved it. Our server was very personable and extremely professional. I actually don't drink but the wine list was very extensive and have heard good things about the selection. Furthermore, I hear the happy hour is hard to beat, so I will definitely be coming back soon for more.~chicken burger chicken chicken burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nMK9vnJYcSNtAT11Y8KfOw~Happy Hour all night Sun/Mon - what a deal!  The guacamole & chips were very good. Green chili pork and rotisserie chicken flatbread was excellent.  Very good service - I'll be back!~chips pork chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VyptBEeI-xwcAz97b197gg~Thank you Yelp for consistently helping us find amazing restaurants anywhere we travel. My first cheese curd ever and I was floored we ordered a second serving. The beignets were delectable. The beet salad was exceptional. The service was fantastic. The view of the most impressive building in Madison was also a treat. Can't wait to visit Wisconsin again and stop at Graze.~cheese beet salad ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~a41hZXOmtOVqG5VU_wrO7A~The food was good, but when the bill came there were issues.  I want to start off by saying Luke walked around and introduced himself and made sure everything was OK- which was very nice especially on a Saturday.  The food came out fast, fries where underdone, but sandwiches made up for that.  The issue...The sandwich board out front said bloody mary's $6 - we were charged $8.  When we questioned the price difference the waiter seemed baffled that we were questioning it.  Being in a hurry, we paid the bill.  We had 6 drinks  paying $12 too much for the bloody Mary's that my group consumed.  If we go back, we will push the issue if it happens again.~fries sandwiches sandwich ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~ay09f5vfyQjhNIfsli6CXQ~Had lunch here twice now and their BBQ sandwichs are very taste but definetly messy. First time I tried pork and this time I tried the chicken. Both were good. I recommend this if your in the mood for BBQ. I'm still dying to try their ribs but I don't think I could eat that much for lunch. The one thing I don't care for is their soda product. They have RC Cola! This is the only place I know that does'nt have coke or pepsi,, so I guess they are behind the times in the beverage department. But if your looking for good BBQ you should definetly try this place. Just make sure you grab some napkins!!~pork chicken ribs coke ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FqgbQ_im8oT9_Tue4qJVNQ~I say the best buffet in Vegas!  They have a huge selection of food from seafood, meat, pasta, etc. But I have to say that my favorite at the Buffet is the Coffee Ice Cream! Best coffee ice cream I've ever had!!! The taste & texture... yum yum yum ^^  I say the buffet at Wynn beats the one in Bellagio! If you are looking for a buffet, this one is a pretty good one to go to.~pasta coffee ice cream coffee ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~3WWBa9NSlff0QBkfBts9sQ~Wow! I've been wanting to come here for awhile now. We finally went with our friends tonight and I am so happy we did. Everything was amazing--from the moment you step in, you feel so well taken care of. We were seated outside on the patio under a delicious heater. Our waitress, Sarah, was outstanding. That perfect blend of friendly, knowledgable, and magically showed up at the table right when you wanted her. Impeccable service. The food was delicious. Our friends shared the ribeye, mashed potatoes and mac and cheese which they raved about. My husband and I shared the chicken flatbread, caesar salad and Mexican corn. All delicious! We literally finished every bite. Not sure why it took us so long to come here. I cant wait to come back. I hear their happy hour is unbeatable.  Highly recommend! Great atmosphere, food, wine, service.~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~V0KBW9pGfOvKDhrC1sXeTA~Awesome food, fantastic service, fair price.  Try the green chili mac and cheese for sure.~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~uu4QmMFF6ukea8LHPTL2Eg~The food here was decent, but nothing to write home about. The tortilla soup had a nice spicy kick. The ahi tuna appetizer was pretty good, I had that as my main dish. My fellow diners were also satisfied with their orders. The one dish I didn't think was very good was the green chili mac and cheese side. It tasted like velveeta instant mac & cheese with a little green chili added.  If I was only rating the food, this place would probably get 3 stars but I had some issues with the service and ambience.  Our party was seated towards the back of the restaurant near a back door, which servers used to go in and out to get more chairs. This happened at least 3 times during our meal, which was an issue since the temp was down to about 50 degrees that night. The service was also not great, for example, we asked for more bread and it was never brought out.   All in all, decent food but nothing special.~soup tuna mac and cheese ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~e161IywAAvnhwm8I56ICOA~Pricey, but lunch was absolutely fabulous.  Tempura shrimp, HUGE!  View, breathtaking.  Service, excellent.  Super place for out of town guests.  Only negative - needs a little freshening.  Carpeting, fabrics a bit worn looking.~tempura shrimp ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Own-PJAGfXO7i7TJ-V-5ZQ~Beautiful view of the capitol building. Service was more or less fine but nothing special. I ordered the roasted vegetables and mac & cheese. The roasted vegetables were fantastic, as roasted vegetables usually are. These were blissfully not drenched in oil and extra flavorful owing to the curry drizzle. I could eat those all day every day. The mac and cheese was good, though honestly a bit disappointing given the caliber of the restaurant. Frankly, I don't think Hook's 10-year cheddar is the right cheese for this dish and it could have used some mushrooms or caramelized onions, but still it was pretty good.  The small space didn't bother me like it seems to bother others. I thought the huge windows made it seem much bigger than it is. But I sat at the bar so maybe it's different if you are at a table? Though it seems like then it should bother you less. Who knows.  I totally forgot about their beet veggie burger. When I first looked at this place online months ago while I was still living elsewhere that is what caught my eye. Totally forgot about it tonight. Next time I'm getting that and skipping the mac & cheese.  And I thought it was a really good value. I had 2 glasses of wine, the roasted veggies and mac & cheese and my bill was $38. I'd happily pay that much just for the veggies!~cheese mac and cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~7mzax1NGpSWet8nDSKtgww~Decent food. It's hard to get light healthy food around here. I do wish the salad were a bit more fresh. The blonde manager shouldn't be managing anything other than her attitude. Other than that it's good. I do like the tall heavyset guy that works here he's a sweet heart. Also, the Black tall guy, he's incredibly sweet!~salad ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~uqGykt3EyhPL17KcUrnqJw~I love the potato salad! It's so good! The BBQ sandwiches are good, but sometimes I do question dropping 10 bucks for lunch here. BBQ sandwiches aren't that big and to be honest if it wasn't for the great potato salad, I would think this place is a rip-off.~potato salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tKnyuFhVz07gSzCyfkZa3g~*Get a Wynn players club card the savings helped.  Few things here are bad and the offering are just amazing. From French to Seafood they really have a decent selection. And desert is a must.   The wait wasn't too bad, pricing was high but it really didn't matter at the time.   I didn't really enjoy the ice cold crab legs but i did like how they were perfectly sliced down the middle, only if they were deboned :-).  I was confused by the untouched pizza, in a place which tried coming off as a higher end solution to a buffet. Not seeing single slice removed in my rounds. I didn't understand why it was served.   Rice dishs were plentiful , as were multiple soups with a lot of selection based on cooking style.  The best moment had to be the before desert coffee. It was nice being offered it.  For a buffet it was excellent. As for the price it didn't really match.   As for the service i wasn't wowed more then being offered free coffee.~coffee coffee ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~le2rIE2YvxWB9UoRi3nH-Q~This is one of my favorite restaurants. Great atmosphere and food. The parmesana crusted chicken is the best! I like that i can see all the sports games.~chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~-Pa4VevWc1zv8OW4URedoQ~In a word, overrated. However, I went during Restaurant Week, so I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt.  The wait was short, thankfully, as it was crowded and uncomfortable both at the bar and entryway. My date and I were seated at a very tiny table, but you can't argue with the view. I could've done without the wait staff frequently bumping into us. And the heat. Summer in Wisconsin gets warm, especially through all glass walls.  The drinks came quickly, thankfully. The waiter seemed quite stressed and worked fast without much sweet talk, but again, Restaurant Week. We placed our orders and were surprised to receive a basket of popcorn - which actually looked stale and gross - that we hadn't ordered. Figuring this was complimentary, we were about to take bites, until another waiter came running over asking if we had ordered it, and if we had eaten from it already. Turns out it was for another table. Somewhat disgustingly, he took it from us and re-served it to the correct table.  The courses were well done and timed well. The fish was cooked to perfection. The appetizer was so-so. Dessert was delicious. Ordering one final drink at the end of the meal, however, took forever to get to us (nothing fancy, just beer on tap).  The idea is wonderful with the local produce and meat, but the ambiance, noise, and price just weren't worth it to me. Would I give Graze a second shot? Probably, but not during restaurant week, and not on a weekend evening.~date popcorn ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bmLXOMrK9NNJfZ_Ah67YjQ~Went here for a late dinner. The restaurant has an amazing selection of local produce. The cheese platter as a starter is great and there is a good set to select from. They have a good selection of fish and meat to choose from for the main dishes. Had the "burger" with fries. The burger has tasty and cooked to specification. The fries were OK but nothing special. They have a great selection of Wisconsin beer. Overall a great meal and I am certainly coming back to try more of their food.~cheese burger fries burger fries ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~spoTWMFZFOIZR2kdAk_mkw~Ok, so this was my very first time at the RF and I thought it was a blast. Maybe it's because I was brought here on a date and was totally spoiled to the max!   I still give this place a 4-star rating because the overall experience at the end of the night was amazing!   CON:  However, we didn't make reservations and went around 6 p.m., it was Happy Hour and the bar was pact to the brim. We were told that the next reservation open would be at 8:30 p.m. and we didn't want to wait, so the waitress told us  that the bar and patio tables were first-come, first-serve. There were no tables open for us and we couldn't even make it to the bar to put in some drink orders, some customers were rude and it really agitated me and I thought this whole experience was going to suck... EDIT: Also, the waitress, well, we hardly saw her.  PRO: The BF, on the other hand, thought that it would be a better idea to go shopping  and then come back later during the 8:30 reservation time. And boy was he right. What a difference it made to be at the restaurant from a different perspective, no crowd shoving, rude people, etc.  DRINKS: -The BF had several different kinds of beers (I tried a bit of them all), but we were a bit disappointed that they didn't have any on tap.   -I had the "Octoberfest" I don't remember who made it, but the beer tasted a bit sweet, kinda chocalateee' -I also had a "Prickly Pear Mojito" which was very good, but a little too sweet for my taste, oh and the bartender was pretty generous too!   FOOD:  We had a three-course meal!  -For our appetizer they gave us bread and butter, and then we ordered "The New Mexico Fondue Pot Lamb Chops" (three piecesof lamb and some bits of chili pastacio bread, rosemary bruchette and butternut squash) and boy was that tasty. -The BF ordered a the "BIg Ass Burger" and I ordered probably the most expensive thing on the menu, the "Filet Mignon". I ordered it 'blue', my favorite way, and yes, they got it right! (it was just  tad salty, but still really yummy!) -For a side, we shared the "Green Chili Macaroni, which we barely finished, but made for an excellent (thick) late night snack. (microwaved)  - Dor dessert, I ordered a Brownie (Lava cake), a la mode! It went excellent with coffee, especially since it was very sweet and thick (very rich). The BF was way to full to help me eat it, so sadly, a lot of it was left behind.     ATMOSPHERE: Loved, loved, loved the dark warm cozy feel! The antler chandeliers were a nice touch as well :)  PRICE: I would say expenisive, or at least the way I ate! But then again, I didn't get the chance to participate in HH. I suggest that if you plan to do the HH, you get there at 4 p.m. (when the RF opens and when HH starts)~date pear butter new mexico lamb lamb butternut burger cake coffee ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~tHTQYKHYGo4PHAgsn_ATDQ~I always thought this was the first Honey Bears on the scene. Turns out it is not. IT is still a great one though. I know it has been here for as long as I can remember. It is a cool place and not a bad location at all. It smells really good when you walk inside. They give you a lot of food for your order. No doubt about that. I had the Chicken,BBQ. I do not love Chicken. But, this was pretty good I have to say. We got some to go as well. The Cole Slaw was pretty tasty as well ,and seemed really fresh. I like the sause here,you can even get it to go. Meaning that you can buy bottles of it to take home. Parking is around the back and a little tight. But, I like anything that is old Phoenix and this is it!~honey chicken chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ttbJYRxn4AUkRs9LgKWPWA~I ate at Roaring Fork during a recent business trip to the Scottsdale area.  We were quite a large party - 10 people, but the service was very good.  We were all served promptly and the waiters were friendly and helpful.  I had the roasted chicken with cornbread stuffing which was very good - the flavor and crispy skin on the chicken was really nice and the stuffing was delicious.  Many of our group had the Big Ass Burger which looked really good, and everyone seemed to enjoy it as well.  If I was looking for a casual dinner in the Scottsdale area in the future, Roaring Fork would definitely be on my list.~chicken chicken burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~P7IBjOK_GuZtDTU6l-L6Og~I'm typically not a BBQ fan but after having a sample of Honey Bear's BBQ Chicken Sandwich at a street fair I'm now a believer.   The sauce has a warm and sweet taste and the pulled Chicken looks to be all white meat and quite tasty.  The only things that suck: the buns instantaneously decompose under the liquid BBQ sauce (making it a fork dinner rather than a sandwich) ... also they don't have Coke or Pepsi (only Dr. Pepper for the cola selection).~honey bbq chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~vEYifQ7XElY40SP3wLJZ9Q~Graze used to be a normal restaurant where if you happen to have allergies or food intolerance, you could work around their menu. For some reason, this has all changed and this review should serve as a warning for those with allergies or who have celiac sprue.   The first most annoying thing happens when you let your Graze waiter/waitress know that you have an allergy and/or celiac sprue. "How 'severe' is your allergy?" is almost always the response - as if they have been coached to ask this stupid question. I will like to point out here there are no degrees of severity when one has an allergy. An allergy is a an allergy. By letting your server know that you have an allergy or a food intolerance, it is an attempt to take good care of your health, and really, not an invitation to discuss the severity of an allergy. (And if I am going to take a chance and suffer the consequences of not following a restricted diet as I should be, that is my choice and my business and not theirs.)  Let's take another pause here. Why does one with allergies, et al, even eat out at all (or have the audacity to eat out, which might be your view, or more likely, Tory from Graze's)? Well, thanks for asking. As you can maybe understand, eating out creates a nice break from cooking at home. Cooking is a lot of work. It takes thinking, planning, shopping, manual labor, careful choosing of ingredients - and let's not forget the washing of pots and pans, and dishes afterwards. So, eating out every now and then is a very nice treat, and may even be inspirational for more cooking at home.  Back to my problem with eating at Graze, or any of the other restaurants of Tory Miller's. I have celiac sprue, which means I cannot eat anything with wheat, oats, barley, or rye. Eating any of these things will cause problems to my health. The only cure for celiac sprue is to not eat any of the things previously mentioned. In addition, I am allergic to nuts and peanuts - but we will talk about this a little later. Today, I went to Graze for brunch, not that I wanted brunch - but brunch is what it was to be. The only thing I could order on the menu was an egg scramble with a salad and potatoes, for $12. I really wanted the Chilaquiles - but I was informed that the corn chips aka tortillas are deep-fried together with the beignets. I mention to my waitress my allergy restrictions and then I order the egg scramble. Well, apparently, the potatoes are also deep-fried in the same oil as the beignets. I ask her if they can make the potatoes a different way - I don't need fancy. After all, if I can order hash browns at your less fancier restaurant than Graze - surely they can cook up something with your most simple food, a potato. Well, apparently, they cannot - even though they have a huge kitchen and are supposedly cooking food back there -  and they also cannot have a second and separate deep-frier for gluten-free foods - such as the corn tortillas, because really if one were to order gluten-free in a restaurant, ordering something with corn tortillas should be a no brainer - but seems to require brains at Graze (frying the corn tortillas with the beignets and the potatoes doesn't sound very tasty in my opinion, if you were to ask me). So, I ordered the egg scramble with an extra helping of the salad, which for $12 is not a sufficient substitute for the potatoes.  There really is nothing safe to eat on their menu if you have allergies - 95% of the menu has the potential to be contaminated in their wonderful kitchen in the back.   Oh yeah - and the peanuts and my allergy to them, along with so many other people who have peanut allergies. Apparently, Tory is thumbing his nose at people with allergies and has absolutely zero compassion or understanding for people who suffer from them. He has the audacity to fry his food at Sujeo in PEANUT OIL! Yes, folks, peanut oil.   Hey, Tory, you may think this is a new trend - as a restaurant, to not accommodate your customers however, it is not very alternative of you to blatantly have a complete lack of concern for people with disabilities (I am talking about allergies here, because at least for me, the consequences are disabling) as much as your mohawk is not alternative anymore.~wheat oats barley rye egg salad chilaquiles corn chips tortillas egg potato corn tortillas corn tortillas corn tortillas egg salad ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~VYfwRfa3UyaECVh1q-wuIQ~I'm feeling extra nice today, so Honey Bears gets 3 stars instead of 2.  We were really hungry after work and couldn't decide on a place, but since we drive down Central and see this place everyday, we figured now was as good a time as ever to give it a shot.  My first sight upon entering was a couple hookers sittin and eatin bbq.  I wasn't sure if that was a good sign or a bad sign, but they were definitely hookers.  Anyway, I stared up at the menu for about 30 seconds (it's pretty small) and decided on a regular bbq beef sandwich and a side of cole slaw.  For two sandwiches and two sides the total came to about 14 bucks.  Not bad!  They also have RC cola in their soda fountain, so that may tickle your fancy.  Not mine.  The food came out in a matter of 2 minutes and we unwrapped our foil covered sandwiches to find... not enough bbq sauce.  They charge extra.  LAME!  The meat was fine, but a little too dry for my taste.  It was pretty good when it had some of the sauce on it.  The cole slaw was okay, better than most places, except it was over peppered to me, but definitely still tasty.  I probably won't go back here, as nothing really stood out to me, but it was good enough for a 20 minute meal.~honey beef sandwich sandwiches sandwiches ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Ain4yditfkawvaHT5D_izA~Delicious food. The burger was enormous!  Also loved the braised beef and chili Mac and cheese.   Very nice atmosphere. The patio is lovely with 2 fire places and fully enclosed when necessary to keep it warm.    The service was also very good.  We'll be back.~burger beef mac and cheese ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~Xp6N_xZzMByuk1bboRlcUw~Que Bola Asere? This place is auethentic as they come. I learned the cooks are from Havana. The ropa vieja to me is the best in Las Vegas. There cuban sandwiches would be the best in Las Vegas if they didnt add mayo. The croquetas and maduros are very good. The prices are very reasonable and they have pretty good cafe.  I would of given this place a 5 but the mayo in a cuban sandwich is a SIN.  QUE ESTAS HACIENDO? COME!!!!~sandwiches sandwich ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~3uu6c4rJXpY5OK0wl_H5rA~If you need a cab or late-night Pakistani/Indian food, then head on down to King's Palace.  Their donut-shop-like neon sign acts like a beacon in the night on Church Street, here you can find over 44 combos (veggie dishes, boneless meat options, and other).  I couldn't decide on what kind of chicken I wanted, so I ordered: *Combo #33 - Three boneless chicken combo  ($11.99) (comes with two naan, salad, and pop) * Palak paneer ($7 bucks)  They heat up of all the food in the microwave.    The microwaving part doesn't bother me... but the heating food up in Styrofoam does.  I'll still eat here, don't get me wrong, I just pretend I don't see it.    When you get your food take-out, keep in mind that the order of chicken is half sauce, which leaks out of the container they give you.  As for the food...  The naan was a pleasant surprise! Even after I had walked home, it was still really hot. Crispy with little charred bits, chewy and soft on the inside, and gigantic.  The chicken was tender and soft and only one piece of boned chicken snuck in.  The meat is smothered in sauce and oodles of oil.  Butter chicken was decent...sweet, creamy, and very mild. The curry chicken wasn't particularly spicy, but not bad..  The Chicken Kasmiri was super flavourful, but I can't say it was my favourite of the three.  The palak paneer was very earthy and citrusy.  There weren't very many pieces of paneer. I think I will go for a lentil dish instead next time.  There's something about this place that keeps you coming back! Greasy, convenient, and cheap.~chicken chicken salad paneer chicken chicken chicken butter chicken chicken chicken paneer paneer ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~6nVUXqw3LDb1jGBNS1vyNw~I used to go to the location on EVB; been going to Honey Bear's since the early 90's...Love Honey Bears; it's great they are in Central PHX (closer to me now); I see they have Greens on the menu (but, they were out yesterday)...Will be back; for the Fried Chicken (on Wednesdays) & some Greens...Also, wish they had Fried Green Tomatoes...~honey honey greens fried chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~gFW2OvGHe3L9DoknIvgsKA~Came here looking for a quick bite since I needed to be somewhere fast and I ordered the combo with tornado fries and a meat lovers combo.  The fries is actually a potato that's been spiraled out and fried and it is delicious.  The cone itself is like a thin crunch crust pizza filled with pizza toppings and it was delicious.  Owner is really nice.  Highly recommend when you have a pizza craving.~fries fries potato ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rPshoySU7Xfafoi3S0KDfg~Nice place! Try the graze burger.  It's one of the best I've ever had!  They have some nice unique drinks too. They have a focus on using fresh local food from nearby farms. I will be back soon.~burger ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~VJl4iZJmykow3l6SUQEUQg~decent food resonable priced nd much more verity. chicken biryani is awesome. if u lyk spicy thing so then you go with chicken tikka massala .loved this place all the time~chicken biryani chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~HX-CWUE1Ejrf1ISYkoG0YQ~We have used several Groupons for this location and enjoyed it both times!  The first time we ordered two different meals and neither of us came close to finishing the whole meal.  The second time we learned and ordered the Rib and Chicken plate ~ 19 and shared it with plenty left over still Also on the second go around it was cool enough to sit outside and enjoy the view Traffic and people watching is great from the outside spot Overall A Not a bad deal if you grab a deal and want a night out ~chicken 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Vxs3pjcVGQWxNSil0fU-kg~Had Butter chicken with rice there yesterday. The food was not fresh. Extremely overpriced for the quality. They should probably cut the prices in half there, because the service/food is not worth it.~butter chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~i2c7NjRjQOMY9IE4Weodvw~Older crowd and older atmosphere.. Overall, it worked out fine.  The food was fine and the drinks were fine.  Ordered the big burger and yes it was big and filling for $10.  The place was crowded.  Service was fine.  Just older overall.~burger ~3 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~UcJqjXCHSOEdcxoKTf43nA~Came in for happy hour on a Friday after a less than pleasant workweek. Had the group therapy with the girls (we a loved it) and some appetizers;  coconut chicken tenders were perfectly cooked; and the hot wings. The wingers were a great size, spicy and real saucy paired with the chipotle dressing, perfect match. Erica was so great we stayed for dinner, had a few more friends join us and just had a great time. Erica did show us both sides the bliss (dinner where we were) & rebar (the very upbeat,fun bar). We'll defiantly be coming back for more happy hour/dinners.~appetizers coconut chicken ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~f9rsQJWd5URedMxzcVAz3g~Pro:  Excellent food!!  Good Service and a wide variety of options.  Absolutely Love their Butter Chicken.  Cons:   Once they mixed salt instead of sugar in the butter chicken i felt like i was going to puke, they replaced it with a new one and apologized :) Satisfied and happy.  Small Restaurant and chilly inside in the winter.~butter chicken butter chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3rAxPaBjSzIFxj-lWncp3A~This is one of the best buffets I've been to!  Why, the quality of the food was really good. For a $24 lunch, this was cheap.  International stations of food was of great taste.  Most meats were not dried up under heating lamps, seafood was tasty and moist.  Special recognition to the cured meats and cheese, lamb, asian station.  Too bad I had to drive back home otherwise I would've ordered some wine to go with the food.  It would be a great pairing.  Service was very attentive.  One thing, our party of 13 was broken into two tables away from each other, WTF???  The hostess should have done better to accomodate our group into one long table. We had to ask a waiter to at least but our groups closer together.  But, the food made up for it.  Desserts, very good with a diversity of small size treats so you can try the variety.  Coffee complimented the dessert perfectly.  At the end, all 13 of us were stuffed.  I'd come back to LV and make this a definite visit.  Even for dinner...or better, sunday champagne brunch!~cured meats cheese lamb desserts coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~xG-juVPvbZlugZE9Cap46w~This review is specific for the breakfast buffet.  For 20 dollars, you will get a variety of omelets, pancakes, fruits, french toast, desserts till your belly pops  Fresh squeeze OJ and coffee is also included.  Food was very fresh and of high quality. highly recommended!~pancakes french toast desserts coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n3Up8Kragku__PG8o4GnWQ~Went to Roaring Fork with some coworkers after one of those coworkers kept telling us "it's the best burger you'll ever have" and you know what, it was pretty darn close.  I've had a lot of burgers and this place has the "Big Ass Burger" and it was delicious. Cooked to perfection, all the toppings worked very well and the fries were great. Service was pretty good. The patio looked great, next time I will have to sit out there.  If you like burgers, you'll love the Big Ass Burger! Get it!~burger burgers burger fries burgers burger ~4 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~VmB6OWKb10tEy8o9EyNzYw~If you a Mac and Cheese lover then you'll love it here. A little out of the way from the Center of monkland but worth the extra few blocks down.  While we were sitting down and enjoying grilled cheese sandwich which I found not too greasy and a good portion. There was a take out order happening for a party. Great idea! And the Mac and cheese bowls are perfect. Also tried the tater tots.. Wow fantastic.. The potatoes and mashed with just enough cheese, fried to perfection. Don't pop the first one in you mouth! You might not burn yourself and not enjoy the rest :)~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~cPX0tpeMIRp6BZENokz9uA~Has Steve Wynn ate here recently?  I use to love this place and was one of the places to eat on every Vegas trip, but was disappointed this time around.  The waiter was asleep or did not care.  Brought 3 out of 7 of our drinks and placed them in the wrong place.  Brought my hot water but no tea bag.  Didn't come once to give us refills.  I guess that's what happens when gratuity is already paid for.  The Pad Thai was aweful.  Fish was dry.  It's not THAT bad.  They do have shrimp, delicious yogurt parfait, the usual great selection of desserts.  But with the long wait and ~ 40 person I d expect them to try their Pad Thai and dry fish before feeding it to us All of us felt unsatisfied Try Cosmopolitan s Wicked Spoon ~tea thai shrimp, desserts. thai 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4EPBKZhVY-VSGzSRKmbN6w~I love this place so much!  I have always had amazing service there! Last night, our server, Amy, was incredibly sweet!  I love huckleberry so much and you can't find it anywhere else in this state! Their huckleberry bread pudding is AMAZING! So are the huckleberry lemon drops and huckleberry margaritas! I have had the salmon, the bacon wrapped pork tenderloins with grits and the half chicken with cornbread stuffing, all delicous! The chili mac and cheese is awesome! This is definately my favorite place to go when. I can!! I reccomend it to all my clients :) I definately reccomend making reservations if you want to go!!~lemon salmon bacon pork grits chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BmfzK0rTN0TTNgbnj0pMQw~Food was good, but not great.  Service was fantastic, but atmosphere was only so-so.  Get the Mac and cheese~mac and cheese ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~3plDIdHqEzqkmeAxByVT4Q~Yum, yum, yum!! This is such a great little spot, plus it's walking distance from my house (incentive to drink more wine I think)! These guys know what they are doing and I am so happy to see the owners have more success after Portlands closed.   The menu has a nice selection of options, with flat breads taking up a good chunk of it. I've had many of them, most recently The Earl. Dang, that was one spicy flat bread but totally delicious. Their Ashland salad is quite yummy (you can't go wrong with bacon) and I also really like to get their roasted veggies too. The burrata is also delicious, I just wish there was more it to devour. I've also heard good things about the lasagna and green chile pork.   They also have a nice selection of wines and beers with the waiters all being pretty knowledgeable in guiding you to a good glass. The food is always out quick, servers always friendly, plus the decor is just adorable. I love the bathrooms (weird to say but check them out and you'll agree :D).~breads salad bacon lasagna pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NVapHNesJGOrquh22ZTVzg~Decided to eat breakfast at the Wynn after my husband raved about the tomatoes he'd eaten here a few years ago...and insisted we go!!  Can't say I was completely amazed by the food here, although, I will admit that we walked into into the buffet about a 1/2 hour before they changed everything over for lunch.  The breakfast we had, was good...but to be honest, a little more expensive then what I would have expected to pay. Ate at Paris the day before and their buffet was enormous! This was not even 1/2 the size of that!  What about the quality of the food?  Was good. But nothing to write home about. Although, they did have an excellent tomato and mozzarella gazpacho, the smoked trout was delicious and the tomatoes were amazing...liked my husband promised...although, they were out of them quick!  The remainder of food on the breakfast menu, was normal fare, and average tasting. Waffles, omelet station, quince, bacon, sausage and a few other offerings tossed in here and there.  They were busy, so the waitstaff was a bit slow. Although, their coffee was pretty good and the juice was fresh.  Decided I was going to ask one of the workers behind the food station about what they put on the tomatoes the next time I went up, and did. The lady got super snotty with me - why?! Because they moved the tomatoes and she was talking to someone else. Luckily one of the other servers seen how she treated my question and apologized, telling me what type of tomatoes and what was on them.   Can't say I really recommend this buffet for breakfast. Average at best. My mother in law picked at her food, and was comparing notes with our neighbors at the table beside us about how the Flamingo has the best. Wouldn't mind checking it out for lunch...but even then...may be hitting up Paris instead!!~tomato mozzarella gazpacho smoked trout quince bacon sausage coffee ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZAb5njnhYBaiIeefyyRARg~this is always a great place to eat either late night or when pressed for time. I always found the non-vegetarian food to be consistently well made with the right amount of spice. vegetarians might not like this restaurant as much, i find that the veggie dishes are hit or miss. The naan is quite good , made the traditional way (no eggs / yeast) menu recommendations: butter chicken, rogan josh, chicken kashmiri, brain masala (unfortunately only on weekends)  I usually end up paying around 13$ with naan and drink.~butter chicken chicken ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~cuhtu-cBMObQ67G11Karlg~The BBQ sauce is addicting.  Chicken and pork were both prepared well.   Beer was nice and cold, and they had more options than just the typical bud or coors.  Sweet potato fries, which they had forgotten at first, were also very good.  Corn on the cob was bad:  stale and kinda mushy.  It was either boiled for a couple days or has spent way too much time in a steamer to keep it warm.  I love corn on the cob, and this is the only time that I can recall that I didn't eat it.  +5 stars for the BBQ sauce and the overall meal.  -1 star for the corn on the cob.~chicken pork sweet potato ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~HujyZCVEaJdGW01h7XQPxw~Bought a groupon for this place.  $10 for $20 worth of food.  Went on a Saturday morning and it wasn't too busy.  I ordered the half rack of ribs ($13.99) which came with six rib bones and two sides (I got sweet potato fries and coleslaw).  The ribs were tender and the fries were delicious.  The coleslaw, eaten by my fiance, was just okay.  He got the pulled pork sandwich ($5.99) and enjoyed it.  It was messy but good he said.  We shared a drink and wound up only having an additional $4 and change to pay on our bill.  This was a yummy lunch and the groupon made it even more awesome.  Worth a visit!~ribs sweet potato ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~nxTxkaqdUM3oQW7qkd2g6Q~Finally got to try Graze after a very long period of anticipation. Everyone kept telling me about them and they look quite inviting from the Capitol Square when you're walking by at the Farmer's Market.  Well they did not disappoint.  My wife and I had a wonderful date night out here on a Thursday night.  No wait, got a booth, relaxed social atmosphere, excellent food.  She had the Pub burger while I went with the Graze burger.  I was a little sticker shocked at the $21 price tag compared to her more down-to-earth one, but oooh-weee was it good.  Ribs, Sirloin, Bacon, Onions, Butter, and Brioche?  Yes Please!  And the fries were equally tasty, quite possibly some of the best in Madison.  They had a fantastic balance of being slightly soggy/greasy while still being crispy and overall scrumptious.  We also ordered the famous cheese curds and they were a must have too.  Trading bites with her, I liked the Pub burger as well.  I think you could make this a reasonable place to eat on a regular basis downtown if you don't go H.A.M. on the wine and signature item like we did.  I mean, they have a killer bread basket, and that alone gets A+ status in my book.  Service was friendly, but a little bit of going through the motions.  I felt a little out of place there as our server wasn't too talkative, but with the combo of great food, a good price, and everyone around you talking/laughing/enjoying themselves, it's definitely a place to be.  I will be returning soon and am eager to sample their interesting and expansive cuisine.  And I woulda snapped a pic of the food, but I remembered as I was mid-bite with that giant sandwich of the gods.  Peace be with you, lovely burger.~date burger burger ribs bacon butter fries cheese burger sandwich burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~DwDLpSAcx3FrPrmWPhiZvQ~I'd say 3 stars is pretty accurate. The 1/4 chicken and Mac n Cheese I had were decent.  Its average food.  The cashier needs to be nicer to customers. Overall, its alright, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.~chicken cheese ~3 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~qSR_afPr-D5qgPXLolBL6Q~Reliable, fresh and tasy. The corn bread muffins on the salad bar are a treat.~corn bread salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NsrJ_S60auNEpEKIIJh7YQ~Decided to eat here for breakfast before we made our way back to Los Angeles.   EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!  Never going to eat here again and never going to recommend anyone I know to eat here.   Initially, the price you pay ($47.00 for 2) didn't seem too bad. You expect it to be that price. It's a buffet right? When you take your first lap around the buffet you'll notice how dismal the selections are. There's breakfast cereal... BREAKFAST CEREAL!!! I just paid $23 to have fruit loops?!? Then that's when you realize the price is ridiculous.   If you continue on you'll notice each station has some sort of an egg dish. Lobster frittata, scrambled eggs, egg white only, eggs benedict, and then an omelet station?!? Who can eat so many eggs and how lazy do you have to be that you can't come up with any other dish other than plain egg whites?!?  After bypassing the numerous egg dishes and the prepared cereal bowls of frosted flakes and fruit loops, I went looking for the lox and bagels. I find the station and a line of people thinking that maybe the lox are really good. I remember them being pretty good so I make my way over to the line. I get to the line only to find that people are waiting for the staff to put more lox out. The woman in front of me says that she's been back and forth from her table several times hoping that they had replaced the lox. She went on to say she's been waiting for at least 40 minutes. 40 MINUTES!!! We ask the man behind the glass to put more out and all he says is "more coming." Yes we know, but WHEN?!?  This is where I decided to tell my wife to finish her plate and to stop eating because we were going to wait 45 minutes at our table drinking only our coffee and juice and drive off to go have breakfast elsewhere.  Seriously people... DO NOT EAT HERE!!!~egg egg white eggs benedict egg egg coffee ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZK0b98ss9S1qTFMwrGf3Yg~Highly recommended! Nice environment, great food. I got their burger and it was awwwwsome! It is so well cooked and juicy and not feeling oily as another burgers! Could be my favorite burger in Madison :)~burger burgers burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~r_ur5ykvAUUVspWgPqvTqg~Anyone looking for a good Southwestern style meal with a Mexican flare, this is the place to come. The food was excellent as was the service. We started with the green chile mac and cheese, which was very good. But the outstanding dish was the pork tenderloin. It was delicious and probably the best pork tenderloin I've ever had. It was paired with corn and grits and the combination was outstanding. They also served a little dish with pork carnitas as a complementary pre-appetizer. That was equally outstanding and we will definitely be back to try their pork carnitas entree.~mac and cheese ~4 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~9kzgMrF0jsZZxfM7-o5Fkg~I love Sweet Tomatoes.  Where else can you delude yourself you are eating "just a salad"  but as you prepare your healthy greenery and feel smug as you sit down the wafting aroma of baked goods and pizza hit you.  So then you add your weight in muffins and real butter but hey - it's just a salad right?  The salad is terrific.  A wonderful selection of greens and veggies that are always fresh and the area clean.  No easy task.  It is a little pricey when you consider it's just a salad but hey - someone else cut it up and has it ready for you to heap on your plate(s).  That makes it worthwhile enough.  Live the fat-free honey mustard dressing.  Then there are freshly baked blueberry muffins - did I mention that? They are heaven on a plate especially when slathered in Land O'Lakes butter.  But hey - it's just a salad.~salad butter salad salad greens salad honey butter salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Pul-UkTY4FLoHe-e-4AwsQ~Gorgeous venue! Wonderful, beautiful floral display!. Husband and I really took the time to enjoy our food and admire the pretty dishes. Our favorite was the dessert section. So many cute, pretty dessert plates ... paired with yummy coffeee!! I wanted to eat everything!!! Hubs kept getting green tea everything. Definitely worth it .. for the experience and the food;) ** tip, get there early if you don't want to wait in a long line . we went before 8 AM :P~tea ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fuQRBbojMNUuNB3wgWEVTw~Mac and cheese was amazing, and all of the employees were very very helpful and attentive!!!~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~IU4rTuSaq1j8RwAdaDtReg~Last night, while discussing dinner, my friend suggested burgers or Asian... And I recalled that Roaring Fork is said to do a good burger, and since it is down the street from the theater, we decided to check it out.  My first impression was that it is very classy.  When taking our order, the server mentioned that she had one order left of a special thick-cut pork chop, which *almost* derailed my plan to try out the Big Ass Burger.  But I stayed strong, and ordered the burger (medium rare, of course).  Along with that, I got the Weinhard root beer (they could do better than Weinhard, but at least they have something in a bottle).  The bread they brought out to the table for us to munch on was superb.  Especially the corn bread.  Someone also randomly brought us an amuse-bouche: it was seared halibut marinated in something and placed on a small piece of toast.  Bringing me small tastes of delicious food I didn't even ask for is the perfect way to win me over!  While waiting for our burgers, I observed the artwork on the wall in front of me - it was a watercolor print of a cowboy's lower legs, wearing boots with an Arizona flag on the leg.  This had to be a Nelson Boren painting, and sure enough, there was his signature in the corner (the piece was "July In Arizona").  It's nice sitting down at a restaurant and seeing artwork by someone with whom you once played tennis years ago.  The burgers themselves were excellent - perfectly cooked, topped with delicious chilis and bacon.  The fries were decent, and the chipotle mayo (or whatever that sauce is) works perfectly.  As far as the burger's name, "Big Ass" certainly does a swell job describing its size.  It was a good burger, although if you order it more cooked than medium, I could see the meat becoming very dry.  I was impressed with the place - both the food and the decor was excellent.  Next time, I won't be afraid to let a thick, juicy pork chop derail me.~burgers burger pork burger burger corn bread burgers burgers bacon fries burger burger pork ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~Oj_a93hrwaPiCPAow35dHw~I have been going to this location for years. Staff is friendly, they make sure my orders meet my nutrition request, and the food is delicious. Love the salad bar. Kept fully stocked, fresh, and they have great variety to mix things up.~salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_UnXOcJDJGXtPWLGxM_9nw~This place was originally recommended to us by a local, although it took us several years to actually make it there.  We should not have waited!!!  We went on a Tuesday night at 7:15, and it was a good thing we had made reservations via Open Table, because it was busy.  It completely lived up to every bit of the rave reviews.  The restaurant is in an odd location on the ground floor of an office building relatively close to the Fashion Square Mall.  Inside, the space is warm, cozy and comfortable.  The service was attentive and the prices were really, seriously reasonable for the quality of the food and the portion size.  We shared one of the salads and enjoyed the complimentary basket of miniature cornbread muffins and bread rolls.  I had the special of the evening, cioppino (a fantastic fish stew), and it was incredible.  My husband loved his double cut glazed pork chop.  The entrees come with a small amount of garnish but there is a list of separate sides you can get.  Be aware that if you can't make up your mind, they can do half portions of multiple sides for a very reasonable price!!!!  The green chile mac and cheese lived up to the hype and the Mexican street corn side was also great.  Enjoyed huckleberry cheesecake and pecan pie with ice cream for dessert.  One of the best meals I have had in this city, and would not hesitate to go back or to recommend to our local friends (which I have already done)!!!~salads pork mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~f3-mNqe8RoVptpt9WAEJqA~I'm not sure what all the buzz is about Graze. The service was fine but I found the menu uninspiring.  There were six of us our table. so a variety of dishes were ordered.    We started with a cheese plate. The selections were decent enough and tasty, but I thought the servings were a bit on the small side. If you are from the greater Madison area, all the cheese selections we ordered were easily found at a decent market or grocery store.  I ordered the Chicken and Waffle. It was said to be something of a signature dish at Graze. The chicken was bland and and  not at all tender. The waffle cold,  essentially flavorless and flat. The waffle was cold enough that the savory butter on the waffle refused to melt at all. The quintessential Chicken and Waffle dish should have a plump, yet crispy savory couple of pieces of chicken atop a crisp thick, slightly sweet waffle.   A couple of people ordered the Mac & Cheese... a bit pricey for the size of the dish... the serving looked more like a side dish. This said, those that ordered it said it was very rich and satisfying.  Another in our party ordered the Bip Bop. It looked pretty good and yet another ordered the Market Grilled Steak. It looked decent. I think the star and most memorable aspect of the of the night was the Sticky Pudding. This was really good, very rich, and I dare say sticky.   I just expected more from Graze... if I am going to pay a premium for comfort food, it should wow me... I should be contemplating what I am going to order on my next visit.  I could have ordered a burger... but I'm pretty particular about my burgers... The $12 burger seemed pretty standard for the price tag... The $21 burger looked intriguing, but not $21 intriguing. It may be the Capitol Square, but it's not Michigan Avenue.  Would I go back - I doubt it...~cheese cheese chicken waffle chicken waffle waffle butter waffle chicken waffle chicken waffle cheese steak burger burgers burger burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~9jRKkqorL3Crso2FDsOJ1w~Graze is one of my favorite restaurants in town. In my opinion, they have the best fries in town, and their deviled eggs are to die for! I've never had a dinner I didn't like at Graze! I am not crazy about their very limited brunch menu though, which is why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5.~fries ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KfH2VMf4Jf5qNuNw8JzTNg~I like green chile. I like mac and cheese. So, clearly I'm ordering green chile mac and cheese. And luckily I'm enjoying it immensely thanks to Roaring Fork. Other foods I tried included the white bean soup (made with a pork base which made it pretty much delicious) and shrimp and grits. Were these any old grits you ask? Funny you ask because no is the answer. They were corn grits, which sounds odd and is mighty tasty.  The atmosphere here is warm and cabin-y. It seems like a great place to scoot in close to your date and get involved in a romantic dinner. Equally, I saw a few ladies groups there toasting each other with glasses of wine and sharing appetizers. It's one of those places that most groups don't feel out of place in.  Overall, I'd say this is a bit of an upscale place, but not so fancy that you have to save it for special occasions. Unless, you're like me and treat everyday like a special occasion. ;-)~mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TscHx7TEIPCOeI2ydrYeSQ~The happy hour here is wonderful and it is all day/night during the summer.  The big ass burger is properly named and the drinks were strong. The only drawback is so many people are aware of the awesomeness of the place that it was jam packed. Every time I had been here I am amazed at the diversity of the patrons. From 21 - 90, every age range is represented.   Insider tip - Don't bring a bassinet and give sour faces to people next to you in a crowded bar. Yea lady, you know who you are.~burger ~5 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~vra8wx1OQ6E7UDiFbc3U7w~Great yogurt place!  They have a huge selection of yogurt and toppings. I had the cake batter yogurt and the chocolate milkshake yogurt. Both were delicious. The place is kept very clean, too.~cake milkshake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tAvuAcnHIKP8JyjeC2jh6Q~Oh my this place is to die for. Totally worth the wait. If there is one restaurant one must try in Madison, this is it.   For appetizer, I had the fresh oysters. Love the Maine oysters they had. There were so fresh and yummy.   The chicken and waffle is unbelievable. The chicken is so crunchy and moist yet it is not oily.   Can't wait to get back there again to try the rest of the menu.~chicken waffle chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3ck7bzqiHHwgiI8DAo009g~This place went WAY downhill the past couple years.  (This review is for Dinner only)   I went a few times in the year or so after they opened, and was very impressed. They had rack of lamb, and better desserts.   The lamb chops were the highlight. They were seasoned very well, and were above average quality. They since removed them. last 2 times I was there, for dinner.  The last visit was about 3 months ago.  The last 2 visits were a huge disappointment..  The bread was stale, the meat was dry, and tough. Inedible for my party.. in fact one in my party couldn't find ANYTHING she could eat.  Everything was bad.    The only thing I liked was the ice cream. It was hand scooped if I remember right.  All the baked goods were stale, and the cakes/pies were low quality. The creme brulee was watered down.   The candy apple was HARD as a ROCK!! I couldn't bite into it. I bet someone will break a tooth with that thing.  Did I mention the breads were STALE??  The quality of the food they were offering was worth about $18. Not the $~46 they were charging We complained to management and they didn t want to hear it They were rude Refills were slow We complained to hotel management and wrote a letter About 6 weeks later all we get is a form letter saying they will talk to the buffet managers about it We will try the buffet at the Encore if they have one because in Vegas the plan seems to be to start off high end and get lots of hype then cut costs big time The Wynn cut costs big time alright and we notice We now go to the Paris if we want a buffet The crepes are to DIE for and the Paris has the best chocolate ~lamb, desserts. lamb ice cream. apple breads 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~iCqm0iMCs-bElNZwsvy7LQ~Late night food run.  Unexpectedly a vast variety of dishes to choose from.    I simply asked for the spiciest dish of all and they sure delivered!    The Chicken Tikka Masala was good enough to take home and even eat the next day.  Reheated again, mind you.    Still yummy.~chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~XsXuGTuyNwkLADp7kQ8RRw~One of the best buffet ..I could end the sentence with I ever had, or in Vegas or... I liked almost everything. I liked prosiutto, red olives, salami, oatmeal, pork bun, cheviches, even sushis were good.  I paid over $30 person, that's quite expensive but it was well spent. By the way coffee was ok.~salami pork coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~LEQSalCKf-z_SRbw4AolsQ~Graze is one of the most acclaimed restaurants in Madison, with very good reason. It's the less formal (and less expensive) sister restaurant of L'Etoile, which is right next door, and just steps from the Capitol. Graze (so named for the farming aspect as well as what the menu inspires guests to do) is less formal, but just as much creativity and attention to detail go into everything on the menu. It's the kind of place you'd go just for drinks or food, and stay for the other. During a recent thirty-six hour stay in Madison, we went twice; once for early-evening cocktails and snacks, the other for a mid-afternoon nosh. It was close to our hotel, but proximity aside, we went back because we just enjoyed it that much.  I can't say enough good things about the fantastic food and terrific cocktails. Over the course of two visits we were able to sample quite a bit of the menu and there wasn't anything we didn't love. On the evening visit we tried Sassy Cow cheese curds with a vodka batter; deviled eggs, house-made pickles (beets, cucumbers, escabeche, daikon, kimchee), truffled popcorn, frites with garlic aioli, and fresh oysters with just-grated horseradish. Everything was eminently enjoyable. My cocktail of choice was the 'Herb 'n Cruise,' a tasty concoction of New Amsterdam gin, Lillet, basil simple syrup and lemon. It was so smooth and drinkable. Later on I switched to a non-alcoholic seasonal lemonade and this week's flavor was blueberry-rhubarb. So fruity and refreshing!  On the second visit, they were still serving their brunch menu so we just shared a lox and bagel plate (and more of that delicious lemonade!) and that too was top-notch. The bagel was an "everything," the cream cheese was flecked with bits of fresh lemon zest and dill, and the lox was in the shape of a rosette. On the side was a tiny dish of capers and red onion. It was a lovely presentation and tasted as good as it looked.  The servers here are some friendly folk and took great care of us on both visits. The menu changes seasonally and it goes without saying that all the ingredients are locally sourced.  Graze is now on our "must-visit" list for frequent trips to Madison.~cheese pickles popcorn garlic horseradish lemon rhubarb cream cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~p-8RChLBzyl6cisygAhvHQ~Disclaimer: I only went to the happy hour.  I live across Roaring Fork and have meaning to come here for a while now. I came with a couple of friends and was able to try a few options on the menu. The first thing I would say is that they don't skimp on happy hour foods. The portions are large and we were all definitely full when we left (and tipsy, but I'll talk more about that later).  Food we got: 1- Guac: Eh. Honestly, I've had better. For $7, it was a little expensive and not very worth it. I wouldn't recommend getting this.  2- Green Chili Pork: The pork was really tender and the flavors were pretty good. I wouldn't go back just for this, but if I were to go back, I would order it again. They give a really large amount of this and the jalepeno that came with it was just the right amount of spicy :) 3- Tortilla Soup: Another mediocre dish. However, it was exactly like what they described (with the rotisserie chicken, avocado and tortilla strips) so I guess there isn't anything to complain about. 4- Burger: This was good. From the reviews, I expected something amazing. However, it is great for the price and definitely filling. It was HUGE and the fries that came with it were also pretty good.  Drinks: Huckleberry Frozen Margarita: This was SO strong. I drank about 1/3 of my drink and gave up. I really appreciate the fact that they give you so much alcohol, but I really did not need that much.  Citrus Mojita: Eh. Not great. It wasn't citrus-y enough for me, but that may be just personal preference.   Overall, it was fine but I do want to try it for regular dinner one night because I have had friends give Roading Fork raving reviews.~pork pork soup chicken avocado burger fries ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~PP03aGQa8SIwTKMcg-xGVw~Not everyday I get thw chance eat lunch with a bear and moose elk head!   I came in for lunch around 11:45.   We were promptly seated up stairs.  The room had killer blue lights and had kind of a night clubby feel.   We got dine with stuffed bear and moose/ elk head! Totally made my after noon.  I ordered the crab cake sandwich (my lunch goto)  But id also love to seafood pasta or shrimp po' both lookes pretty tasty also.~crab cake ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~1QlFw1WYyN44d3zN6qG88A~Defiantly my favorite place for brunch! Some of the highlights include... The beignets, these pillows of love are comparable to those found in New Orleans French Quarter so I've been told. Another notable appetizer is the Sassy Cow cheese curds. A food that we've all had before but done with the finest Wisconsin cheese and battered in a light house made breading, these will be gone in a heart beat. For an entree I would recommend the chicken and waffles which gets some extra pizzaz from the local maple syrup and the seasonal fruit from the farmers market across the street. If you're looking for a hardy breakfast sandwich look no further than the loaded breakfast sandwich. It combines all elements of a wake me up breakfast with bacon, ham, 2 kinds of local cheese, spinach and topped off with a runny egg. Perfection between two pieces of bread.  I could say more but why when you can go and sample some of the amazing eats(all made with local ingredients) for yourself, it's sure to be a great start to your Sunday.~cheese cheese chicken and waffles sandwich sandwich bacon cheese spinach egg ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~q7yFBQHTTpEcgd_ppEzBag~I spent most of my meals over the New Years Weekend eating at Elements. I was super excited since Chef Beau MacMillan is executive chef here. Since I got to try so many things on their menu, I'll go in depth for the things I tried.  First, I do have to start off with the fact that staff is amazingggggggggg here. They are so dedicated to keeping you satisfied and full. Ross in particular was quite memorable and friendly! For example, the in restaurant menu that we were given was quite concise compared to options listed for in room dining, but Ross was more than willing to try putting in orders that were off the available menu. Even better, he (and the kitchen staff) delivered! Also had some food and drinks by the pool side and it was still absolutely wonderful.  The best thing here are by far the buttermilk pancakes. I've had them for two breakfasts in a row and oh my goodness they totally melt in your mouth. My FIL was able to customize them with blueberries in them as well. The maple syrup is true sweet maple syrup (as expected from a restaurant of the caliber), but that combined with the butter made the pancakes super decadent. Definitely a must try.  The next best thing I got to try was the Korean BBQ Chicken Quesadilla with Sriracha Sauce that my fiance ordered poolside. The tortilla for the quesadilla is just crisp enough but has a nice bitey texture and its packed full with chicken with the heat from the sauce. It didn't really remind me of Korean food, but it definitely didn't taste tex-mex either (which is a huge plus because I'm not particularly fond of those flavors).  I had the Jade Burger and Fries. The Jade Burger is kind of heavy, meaty, and good but not particularly memorable to other items on the menu, but its probably the best burger option you get here. The fries, however, were definitely something I kept craving! Thick steak cut fries with a nice outer crunch, but potato-y inside. There was also a kick of heat to them, but I loveeee seasoned fries!  I actually ordered a plate of fries for a dinner via in room dining, and it was the best part of dinner. My fiance had the truffle mac & cheese. The truffle was fragrant and pretty much made the dish. The pasta was cooked well and the cheese crisp was salty goodness. My own meyer lemon & ricotta gnocchi was good too, but the portion was disappointingly small (five pieces of gnocchi, which was delicious otherwise), with more sauce and garnishes than I particularly cared for. I expected more lemony flavor within the gnocchi itself, but it was only really present in the form of dried lemon garnished among the sauce. Meh.  For one of my lunches, I had the Hawaiian Breakfast, and thank god I ordered it for lunch and not breakfast. I'm Asian and that's definitely NOT a breakfast dish. First of all, I was really anticipating the char siu pork! Although I did see some pieces of legit char siu pork, a lot of the other pieces looked and tasted like char siu bbq'd pepperoni stick slices. I was very confused. There was a lottttt of jalapeno honey & soy sauce that went into the rice and while it was tasty, it was also quite salty. I think I was also expecting more heat between the jalapeno honey and sriracha, but it didn't have any of the kick I was hoping for. However, breaking open the sunny side up eggs and mixing it with the rice really did bring the Hawaiian Breakfast aspect back into the picture.   Shrimp & Pork Potstickers are delicious. They're steamed, not fried, so i felt less guilty about eating them. The dumpling skins were cooked nicely, and the stuffing was very flavorful (more shrimp than pork flavor!) The miso butter sauce was a curious choice because it made the dumplings feel greasy. Most Asians seem to eat their dumplings with soy sauce (some with sriracha, others with wasabi), and I found myself wishing for soy sauce to dunk these otherwise bad-boys into.   Last but not least, my SIL & I were given complimentary cinnamon rolls with cream cheese frosting, and oh my goodness they were sooooooo good. They were soooo soft, and the frosting was sweet and creamy but not overpoweringly so. Thanks Elements!  If you're poolside, the strawberry creamsicle is a must. It's pretty much strawberry ice cream shake with vodka. The bestttttt creamy cocktail you'll have here.  tl;dr Service is awesomely accommodating, and food is generally good. Favorites were the Korean BBQ Quesadilla and the Buttermilk Pancakes. Asian inspired choices are a bit hit or miss.~pancakes butter pancakes bbq chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6U80y-S9fV5JbAkE6a4UKA~Enjoyed the roaring fork so much !  I would suggest better signage for out of towners but that is the only thing I can suggest.   The  green chili pork with fresh tortillas was fabulous .  The pork wings were pretty good but could have been more tender .  The big ass burger was enjoyed by my husband and son and I really enjoyed the fish tacos .  Great service and the ambiance on the patio was just the best !   Enjoy this place ... Too bad I don't live in Scottsdale as I would be a regular !~pork tortillas pork burger tacos ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MqN1KjP4LcUU1T2bgwAhzQ~My husband and I had brunch at Graze this morning. The place sort of feels like an Apple store, but I'm glad we ignored that and went anyways. We shared cheese curds, the bibimbap burrito, and the fried chicken and waffles. It was all fantastic, as was my cappuccino and the Pample Mouse Aperol cocktail. Seriously amazing. I can't wait to visit Madison again so I can get that bibimbap burrito.~apple cheese burrito fried chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~p0CfLftnLm05uUos2QAw8A~The chicken is good.  The sauce is great.  The sides are fine. The place is an uncharming bit of a dive.~chicken ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~QPxqF3sw1DRhLtUKQtjSZQ~Imagine my delight , followed by absolute panic when I saw that Prairie Girl Bakery had set up shop in the PATH at FCP!  I LOVE me some cupcakes!  They are my Achilles' heal.  However, having just returned from a long vacation in Europe and looking down the pipe at the upcoming Holiday Season and the non-stop eating that comes with, I felt my spirits sinking.  How will I ever keep the pounds off and still fit into my skinny jeans if I have to walk by this place EVERYDAY.  Let's face it, their cupcakes are freakin' delicious!  Red velvet, vanilla, chocolate...all of my favourites and topped with cream cheese icing - really?  Why are you doing this to me!?  AND they even a banana cupcake with peanut butter icing.  I am doomed!~cupcakes cupcakes cream cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~WPSA82Dkkelw4Ti0Mh3aBA~What's there to offer those of us who don't want 6 month old frozen crab legs?  What happened to this place?! At $45/person, I wouldn't say the food was much better than the Golden Corral, albeit slightly better selection! It's been about 2yrs since I last visited, and boy has this place gone downhill!  The tuna/seawood dish comes in a little sauce dish, and there were only 4 little pieces of tuna, smaller than the sugar cubes you would drop in your coffee. I got sick from eating the raw oysters. The fish was dry because it has been sitting too long. They don't rotate the fried chicken, so it's the same few pieces sitting there for an hour. The pizza was depressing. and the ice cream wasn't very creamy at all. Plus the veggies were limp.  The marinated rib eye was pretty good. The creme brulee was pretty good, as was the choco chip cookie, but for what I paid, I don't see the value. Very disappointed, because this place was supposed to offer a premium product, being associated with the Wynn name and all. Maybe this was why there was 0 wait time when I got here Friday night at 6pm? And to think at one time, this was one of my fave buffets of all time. Sad...~tuna tuna coffee fried chicken ~1 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~bPMzK92xWU4wKHwXSsaS-Q~I frequently go to this location and love the experience here. The staff now knows my name and they are very friendly. The salad options are endless and they also have great cornbread. I love the variety in the soups as well.~salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wrDp4CF_mcZvtGDnJhJ4mQ~In baseball turns, it's a swing and a foul tip on a full count.  Yes, it was Chinese New Year this weekend for a lot of revelers who came upon this grand city to celebrate the Year of the Ox.  Although we hope to be prosperous this year, it is wise to choose another way of blowing $45 plus on another buffet.  Service was really hit or miss here.  Sheesh!  My auntie only needed a cup of tea.  And it took 25 minutes?!  It was busy, but the bussers and servers should know by now to handle the throngs for Saturday night buffet.  The sushi was kept there a little longer than expected.  And the line for some shrimp and king crab were as long as the lines of entry for Alcatraz.  The quail was not to die for, and the pork was a bit disappointing.  Desserts were a pleasant surprise and the coffee ice cream was quite delicious.  My buddy liked the creme brulee and it was pretty fresh.  Nice try, Wynn Buffet!  I'll hunt for another place to buffet.  To buffet is human, to dine, divine.  Somewhere else, that is.~tea sushi shrimp pork desserts coffee ice cream ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~dhWCDo2gLe43DEYqcLv5cg~After hearing that the chef was a iron chef champ I wondered where the chef was when our dishes came. Good but nothing special to me. I'm Japanese so I expected a little more asian flair to the dishes too. Using Udon noodles under salmon doesn't quite do it. Calamari was greasy like something from coney island. very nice romantic booths with a view of the mountains at sunset but it wasn't as spectacular like maybe a view of the sunset off the kaanapali coast. Nothing like that. Waiter was nice, service was good. Restaurant remembered that we had a birthday party person which was the best. I enjoyed my lunch at NoRTH 200 percent better than dinner here but the atmosphere and seating was better here. Don't like how the bar lounge seating is right behind the romantic booths. Kind of defeats the intimacy of dining.~salmon ~3 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~Xg7TyAvTibItNmSuJz-dSQ~Being that I grew up in Panama I welcome any place that serves hispanic food. I have been to a couple places like the Cuba cafe and Florida cafe which are ok, was hoping this would knock those places out of the water based on the reviews.  Started off with the tostones cups with ropa vieja.  Good, but not as phenomenal as I had my hopes on.  I ordered the Veradera special seafood paella.  Worst mistake ever!!!  Should have stuck to my gut and gotten a sandwich, or something else.  But I LOVE seafood and I enjoy paella very much.  Well, for a $20 dish the majority of the seafood was EXTREMELY tough.  Had to spit out majority.  Mostly the calamari and octopus.  Fresh seafood should never be like that.  It had 2 shrimp, one scallop that  was good and 2 very slimy imitation crab pieces.  Oh, and a sad skimpy crab claw that had no meat in it.  Was so disappointed.  I also asked that I have tostones instead of sweet plantains as a side.  They charged extra and the were not thin and a little crispy like they are suppose to be.  Quite thick and soft.    My boyfriend had the oxtail and said it was really nothing special.  A lot of bones and not much meat.  I wish I could bring myself to give this place another chance but I don't think I'll be able to.~paella sandwich paella shrimp ~1 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~ainSP-UN8ZNLasJUkj_rUw~Came here of my Birthday dinner with my girlfriend. I haven't been here since probably they opened way back in the day. It is one of my girlfriends favorite places and after the first place we were going to go to was full of obnoxious drunk people I decided we should come over here after hearing her talk about it. It turned out to be a great decision. There was a 20 minute wait when we arrived but that was not a big deal and not to bad for a Saturday night at a place at a mall. We put in our name and we were given a buzzer so we waited. The hostess even used my name when we came back in when the buzzer went off. Not a big deal but a nice touch. Most places ask for a name and never use it. The place was pretty busy but still not too loud. We got a nice booth and started to look over the menu. They had a lot of stuff that looked good. My girlfriend advised against any pasta dishes as she felt they didn't measure up. Of course she is part Italian so she is going to be a touch critic on Italian dishes. I saw the double cheese burger and my eyes lit up. Can't pass that up. Well it turned out to be a good and bad thing. That burger was HUGE but so good. Big patties, bacon, cheese and everything else. Cooked just how I wanted it. Very good. As got the spicy potato wedges, another tip from the girlfriend, they were delicious. Good thing I was hungry from swimming most of the day but I still couldn't quite finish it. Also I was saving some room for a Pizookie. Which I had never had and my girlfriend never goes to BJs without getting one. I ordered the triple chocolate one and even though there was a little bit of a wait for it, they don't make it until you order it, it was so worth the wait. So ooey and gooey and good. I will definitely be having one too every time we come back here. Overall, I really liked this place. Maybe won't get such a huge burger next time but I will be back. I also really like their in house beer. I had the Scottish ale and it was really good. I would like to try more of their different beers next time. There will definitely be a next time. This was a great Birthday dinner capping off a great day.~pasta cheese burger burger bacon cheese potato wedges burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Z7DW3YgoQ20vZm9GsuTERg~Get Syked!  Awesome, Awesome and Awesome!  Forget that fact that's it's a little granola using local ingredients and what not.  You won't find a better dining experience in Madison than Graze.  My friends raved about it and it did not disappoint.  I went for brunch and had the Nutella Stuffed French Toast and it was delicious (with local fruit).  Checked out a lot of plates they all looked amazing, can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu including the award winning burger.  Enjoy!~french toast burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~kXLpb6TSWyP7bVnfXtL6qw~I hadn't in this restaurant for a few years because the sauce had a lot of vinegar in it years ago.  I don't know what they did but the sauce is now some very good stuff, the lunch time business seems very good.  a co-worker wanted to go so we did and I was very surprised at how good the sauce was,  we had barbeque beef and pork sandwiches.  I haven't made it on rib tip day (Friday) or chicken wing day, Wednesday,  I think.  I will review again when I have had the oportunity to try those and other menu items.~beef pork sandwiches chicken ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QhwIfknZOf1NaelMuKBFcA~If you're a meat and potatoes sort of person like I am, The Roaring Fork will do you just fine. While I'm sure this is the trendiest of eateries in town (I was the youngest person at happy hour by about 10 years!), the Old West spirit of simple, wood-fired grub is both timeless and ageless.   Named after a river in Colorado, thing big and gutsy, and that translates to fall-off-the-bone baby back ribs (smothered in a Dr. Pepper bbq sauce, no less), green chile mac 'n cheese, and smashed potatoes. The food here is meant to satiate and stuff, in all the right ways. My only regret was not trying their infamous "Big Ass Burger" but that just leaves room for another visit one day.  P.S. If you can handle it, figure out a way to try their Pineapple Cornmeal Upside Down Cake; I'm not sure if it really embodies the Southwest or anything, but it sure tastes good!~ribs cheese burger pineapple cake ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~C4WAYDH_v37SjwKrWDYeSg~This is one of the places I do not get at all.  Why would anyone put out such a poor product?  Why would anyone buy these?  Probably because it's convenient for those of us working in the financial district.  Besides location, there's absolutely nothing going for these cupcakes at all.  Trust me, I'm a cupcake connoisseuse.  I blog about cupcakes.  The primary problem that I have with this (and a few other establishments, like The Cupcake Shoppe) is that I find it's incredibly LAZY to slap different flavoured frostings on top of the same 2-4 cake bases.  When all you do and make is cupcakes, you need to develop unique cake bases for every flavour.  Or use one cake base for 2 flavours tops (3 if they contain different fillings).  This is just lazy.  It shows zero pride in their craft.  It makes the cupcakes boring.  It's a waste of time and an absolute waste of calories.  A good cupcake starts with a good cake base, and real flavour variety is what makes cupcakes.  I'd rather take a 30 minute trip out to the ends of the city for a truly good quality cupcake made with effort than have one of these conveniently located under my office.  Besides that, the cupcakes taste below average at best.  They are often dry, they are waaay too sweet, and they don't have much flavour, except the banana, perhaps.    Other Yelpers have commented that there's too much frosting - that, I don't think is a problem.  It's necessary to make the cupcakes look pretty.  I do think they are too over the top at Prairie Girl with the frosting, but no one's obligated to eat all the frosting that comes on a cupcake.  What I do is that I'll take an initial bite in - frosting and cake - and then peel the cupcake liner off the cupcake.  Then I turn the cupcake sideways or upside down on the liner (depending on how good it is) and either eat the cake with a little bit of frosting or eat the cake alone.  But they do overcompensate the luckluster ingredients with way too much sugar, which results in cupcakes that have no distinct flavour besides overkill sweetness.  Just don't bother!!!~cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cake cake cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes banana cupcakes cake cake cake cupcakes ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Ui-4Hx6f97qv7E-xtVnWeA~This a definite "regular" for us!  We generally sit in the bar, because the specials, they have a happy hour menu, which is pretty great!  Green chile pork is to die for!  The Big Ass Burger is great & only $7 with fries!  Oh and it has bacon & green chiles on it!    The little bar snacks they give you as well are great!  & Fresh Beef jerky if you're really lucky!~pork burger fries bacon beef jerky ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QYHgTMXuw4NqhbjyLlA98A~Strange location...out of the way of Scottsdale's more touristy strip but it was worth the trip.  The Dr. Pepper shortribs and green chile mac and cheese were outstanding - couldn't keep my friends' paws off my plate!  The duck and fundito were good but I'll take my ribs and mac any day.  Service was attentive.  Definitely would go back!~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~E7SWWlZ0ekKBhSZeMxzBEw~Totally great experience. The decorations itself make you get more hungry as you are slowly making your progress in the breakfast que. I liked the way that the beverages like regular coffee and orange juice were bottomless within the breakfast and the way that they were both fresh. Gelatto is clearly to die for especially after you make your round the buffet items a few more times. Prices are ok, I will include the current prices for 2015 in the photos. After breakfast, the whole day I was not hungry and did not eat anything until breakfast the next morning. So, if you want to have an experience of something tasty and luxurious and get energy to be able to strolling through whole day in Vegas, the Buffet at Wynn is your ultimate breakfast station!~coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~K0sq61l1qFSR-uUdFnXpgg~The mac-n-cheese here with the pulled pork was honestly the best mac I've ever had. The infusion of flavors was unparalleled, and the service was excellent as well. Additionally, I loved that most of the ingredients were locally sourced. Great work.~cheese pulled pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sJ70Ij2w1APRwS2NYpR57Q~I've only been to Roaring Fork once, but I enjoyed my experience there.   I had a bacon wrapped pork tenderloin that was delicious. My wife had a trout dish that she thought as alright, but she really liked the green chile and pork appetizer. We sat outside on the patio on a cool evening and it made for a really nice ambiance. Service was very attentive and the prices were reasonable considering the quality and portions of the food. I definitely want to return to try their Big Ass burger. I love burgers and with a name like that, I've got to order it at least once.  Location is a little weird, at the bottom of an office building off Scottsdale road, but once you find it you'll be glad you did.~bacon pork pork burger burgers ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sIkpEmDhD70saUagMbWKUw~After doing our theater matinees on Saturday afternoons, Hubby and I often get to places well before the crowds -- even during season -- but this place was almost full when we got there at 4:30 pm! Apparently the Happy Hour is pretty well known, and for good reason. The chow and values are excellent, the surroundings are nice, and the service is friendly. We could have made dinner out of the bar appetizers, but decided to hit the dining room for dinner. Good move. We opted for outdoors, which was also a good move, because it's much quieter and more pleasant than inside. Hubby's fried chicken was meh, but my fish special (cod on a celery root puree) was yummers as were the deserts...we stuffed ourselves, and still didn't finish the huckleberry cheesecake and the pecan pie with salted caramel ice cream. Decent wine list, too. We'll be back.~appetizers fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_57T3BXs-eQ8l-IV97t3bg~After eating here only once, I can say that this is my favorite joint in Madison. I came here after reading Yelp reviews, and the whole experience lead me here again to write a Yelp review.   Must have: Pork belly buns. These buns alone are a religious experience, and merit a visit in itself. The slow cooked pork belly melts in your mouth just as it hits your palate. The meat is perfectly seasoned and the fresh baked bun taste like heaven on a plate. I could eat maybe 3 orders of this and die a happy man.  We ordered some more odds and ends from the Meat & Cheese board and were not disappointed from the local fare.   If you're not afraid of full flavors and want to venture past the ordinary, come here. For a place like Madison, this restaurant definitely stands out, but I believe this place can hold it's on in any culinary city in the U.S.A.~pork pork cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~vdcOFCiQ6P6i9TQw2hFSrQ~This will likely be our last visit. While we've been generally pleased to this point with both the food and the service (which can often be hit or miss), I simply cannot understand the constant and unnecessary meddling with items on the menu that have long been staples. You removed the Italian chop salad for an Asian one? Why?   The only redeeming thing about BJ's is their craft brewed beers and they're not all too special. So very, very disapponting, guys... but I guess it's to be expected when you're a corporate chain that has little interest in what's good in YOUR location versus what's good in an entirely different state.~salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~GYx5o27HBQBgz6qVrUWByw~Wynn Buffet is one of the best in Vegas. It's a little more pricey than some, but all the good ones are. Champagne brunch is fun here, they even pack you some mimosas to go in a coffee cup, so you can continue your 10AM buzz as you swagger through the Wynn/Encore area. The food overall is really fresh, high quality stuff. There are lots of meat, seafood, sushi.... and they also have specialty salads they mix right there, a wide selection of fresh, always delicious fruit, and this amazing brown sugar-cream-strawberry "salad" that is to die for.   The desserts @ Wynn are amazing, they change every so often, but are always delightful. They also offer a decent array of sugarfree desserts as well (not my cup o tea, but hey, nice to see they have options)...   Not really much else to say except last time I went here, my girl ate so much cuz it was so delicious that she was borderline overflow, if you know what I mean.  Yummilicious Factor = A~coffee sushi salads brown salad desserts desserts tea ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~8ZXqqh6VcyynGUadN6MorQ~I've been to about 5 different BJs and this is by far my favorite. The food is the same as at most other BJs, although this one has honey breadsticks that I haven't seen anywhere else. What distinguishes this BJs is the brewer. In addition to the usual BJs brews, this brewer concocts new original brews all the time, found only here, and brewed on premises. One time I had a BJs Belgian style Grand Cru here that rocked my world. The only problem is that it's super crowded and there is usually a wait. Plus it's at the Chandler mall, so it's...mall-ish.~honey ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bH5YUCJ3u82PrW30uWyGGA~This was my 3rd visit to a place that many rave about, probably because it's a Tory Miller establishment. It was neither worth the price nor the wait.  No reservations taken (wait was too long), food was average to poor, great location (view of the capital), interesting interior. Service was casual, friendly, and fast.   I had the wedge salad and the Graze burger. The iceberg lettuce was turning red around the edges, and the vegetables on the salad were limp. It appeared that the salad was prepared hours earlier. The burger was good, but not worth $21. It came with greasy, limp French fries.   The best part of the meal was the rhubarb lavender Collins.   If you want to experience Tory Miller at his best, grab a Magic Coffee and pastry at the farmer's market.~salad burger iceberg lettuce salad salad burger french fries ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~otDDFAalDzkzgOUkZlxv4g~Seriously delicious. Usually, I totally detest buffets (aka pig troughs) but alas, when in Vegas, do as the drunkards/tourists/Vegas-ans do, right?  Came here for brunch last weekend. I especially enjoyed the duck confit salad with the clover sprouts. It was the best duck confit salad I've ever had!! I also really liked the congee bar, which later switched into a chicken panang bar, which was also really impressive, but I thought the portions the chefs gave out (because they make it for you right there) were way too big. The tables all around us got the same thing, and from observations, everyone's went to waste because it's a buffet! We're all stuffing ourselves with other delicious goodies already.  Another highlight was the end of my meal: coffee and sugar-free cheesecake. Cheesecake was, hands down, best ever. Moist, rich, but not too rich, and just the right amount of deliciousness in a tiny, sugar-free square. Mm mm good. I didn't get a chance to try everything (the charcuterie assortment looked AMAZING but my conscience always overpowers me when it comes to meat (aside from duck-- it's the only animal that has to be afraid of me!), so alas, I did not partake.) I also had the sugar-free chocolate cake, which was too crumbly.   The seafood selection was really good. No famed crab legs as mentioned in all the other reviews, but I did have the Manhattan clam chowder, the sea bass with olive tapenade, and salmon. The pastas were really, really good too, though I took just a tiny spoonful of each (gnocchi, egg pasta, pappardelle, darn you pasta for being so carbalicious!!!!  Service was surprisingly GREAT for a buffet. Our waitress was extremely helpful and came over several times to check on us without being intrusive. Definitely will visit again on my next trip to Vegas, (despite my pig trough fears and all, this is one classy buffet!)~salad salad chicken coffee chocolate cake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~S7Zl7aCpDeKZ8PN8GMcuEg~This place is absolutely delicious! Not only is the food amazing, the quality of the food is unbeatable. And in my opinion, the BEST cheese curds in Madison! Get a half order, they're amazing!  The location is amazing. The restaurant has tons of windows and glass, and the seating outside is beautiful.   I got the pork BiBimBap which is a tad different from bibimbap I'm used to. The rice comes in blocks of crispy rice that is very dense. Honestly, not my favorite, but the other ingredients were good!  My friend got the Graze Burger and loved it, though he said it wasn't worth the price. The fries are DELICIOUS and I definitely recommend them.  Another friend got the Mac and Cheese which was incredible. Light, creamy, flavorful.   Service was great, food was amazing, menu had so many different choices. It's pricy, but worth it. Definitely go here!~cheese pork burger fries mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~QiL7po8zuV9rwOAW_tYTqg~Don't waste your money here. It's $50 for dinner and $25 for kids under 8. The buffet lacked variety and taste. Everything was dry and lacked flavor. Really disappointing. No wonder there was no line. Even the cooks looked a shame to be serving such awful food. The only good thing was their ice tea. Seriously save your money and go somewhere else! Wish I did...~tea ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6lzaXC_dACuvqJJxrosxTQ~Fun restaurant on the square. Get the liter of wine from the cask. Popcorn appetizer great. Had the burger on an English muffin. Very good. Fries excellent. Several odd entree items. Very noisy though.~popcorn burger fries ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tn6BdIOnZ5Aqsc6B5Q0ACQ~Great burger. Happy hour specials and atmosphere are great.  Service was excellent both times I was there a year apart.~burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kOaS3t6YVd74_EVQeumNXg~A collection of mostly subpar to mediocre foods and a few interesting desserts and nice little touches.  I ended up here with two relatives during the transition between brunch buffet and dinner because they were given free buffet tickets as part of a promotional package at the Wynn Casino and I decided to join them. Both of them, who have eaten at several buffets in their lifetime said that the food didn't taste fresh. One of them preferred the buffet at the Pala Casino in California. I didn't particularly enjoy anything they put out. They attempted a variety of international foods but the California rolls were dry and a little stiff. One of my relatives compared it to grocery store sushi (and I've had grocery store sushi that tasted a lot better). I'm not a fan of meat and seafood but I love noodles and pasta and this place was lacking in impressive and filling noodle and pasta dishes. They did have made to order korean pancakes which were rather flavorful and some interesting pizza choices which included bacon and manchego cheese.  The desserts were definitely the highlight. I really enjoyed their green tea pudding with chia seeds, as well as their green tea lychee cupcake and thai tea cup. The desserts also include a gelato / ice cream selection as well as made to order crepes. Everything came in small portions so you can sample a little of everything without overindulging.  I noticed a few vegan dessert options, which was nice for those on restricted diets but not many sugar free desserts, and the guava juice in little jars was cute and refreshing.  Overall, I wouldn't highly recommend going out of your way to visit this buffet and but if you're staying in the hotel, especially if they offer you free buffet tickets as part of a promotional package, I don't think it would be too painful of an experience. Just don't expect to be wowed.~desserts sushi sushi pasta pasta pancakes bacon cheese desserts tea tea lychee thai tea desserts ice cream desserts guava ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fDxzpp68cttxdS8clMgVqw~I met some friends here and I love the concept behind this place. We had a larger party so there was a bit of a wait for a table. The server was fairly attentive but he was very infrequent in how often he came to our table. I don't know if this is typical of brunch place but the server didn't even come take our drink order for at least 10 minutes. It took another 10 minutes to get my drink (which was a coke). Then we waited for another 15 minutes for the server to come back to take our orders. The food took forever to come and it was slightly disappointing. My boyfriend got the biscuit and gravy (which he eats everywhere) and he said it was the worst meal at a resturant he has ever had. The french fries were really good and the seasonal fruit was top notch. Make sure you have a lot of time on your hands before going.~coke french fries ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~0-s_CoYfg-30PhiZcUzVBQ~Happy hour heaven. What does this vegetarian order from this meat and potatoes place? GREEN CHILI MAC N CHEESE!! That is all I need and all I could ever want. I dream of it.   My hubby and I have never actually eaten in the restaurant area, just the bar. The happy hour is awesome. They have amazing cocktails for about $5 each. The margaritas are so refreshing. They have martinis on special too with decent vodka and gin. I always order a dirty martini and it comes out perfect, with delicious blue cheese olives. And the portion is generous... their is usually enough in the shaker for one and a half martinis.   My husband orders either the Big Ass burger or the green chili pork stew. Both he said are phenomenal with a generous portion but he has a special place in his heart for the Big Ass burger. It is always cooked exactly how he asks for it, which he is picky about. The fries it comes with are tasty. I have stolen many off his plate.  On to the the mac n cheese... it comes out bubbling hot in its own kettle. The top is a layer of crunchy goodness. It is gooey, green, and a bit spicy. It is HEAVEN. I end up scraping the crunchy bits off the side of the kettle. It is THAT good.  My only complaint has nothing to do with the restaurant but the patrons. There is almost always a wait in the bar area of people eager to take advantage of their great happy hour. While some people are nice, some are total A-holes. I don't know if it is the area, after all it is Paradise Valley and Scottsdale, but there is an entitlement issue going on. I have had many people try to snatch a table or bar seats from us when we were waiting longer than they were. We had to stand our ground and things have been unpleasant at times. We are nice people... we have pointed out tables to people who are waiting before us. Unfortunately, most patrons of this bar aren't  nice. I think it would be great if they ran a wait list in the bar area or if the staff stepped in somehow. It sucks having to deal with these snotty and rude people and makes waiting for our table an unpleasant experience.  Once that business is over though, it is a wonderful experience. Delicious grub, perfect cocktails, great service, and nice environment. Minus the A-holes...~cheese cheese burger pork burger fries cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~0__kOembapc_2uvoeAP6Eg~Unlimited pickles have arrived at jason's. The solo, lonely pickle on the plate has been abolished and now all sandwich ordering patrons can load up on pickles at the salad bar. They are decent pickles with a good crunch. Just imagine if every sandwich you ate in your lifetime came with unlimited pickles, how many per sandwich would you eat? I downed 7 of them with my $6.99 Papa Joe. The sandwich was turkey with roma tomato and pesto aioli and was good, despite being small as it was shoved onto a square of Herb Foccica bread about toilet paper size. There are places with better turkey around, so unless you love pickles, this chain will only be necessary when in a bind. Salad bar is good too on a previous visit, but just throw some chicken or protein on the thing and stop nicle and diming us for everything up there (pickles was just a start).~pickles sandwich pickles salad pickles sandwich pickles sandwich sandwich tomato pickles salad chicken pickles ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Ytj2GvMZY0HD1VU0H6Qtpg~Sunday afternoon, wandering around the Strip.  Luke Wholey's was calling my name.  We decided to stop for lunch.  We were happy to see that they had a table for us on the sidewalk.    Our server Troy was great.  He helped me select a sandwich, I ordered the crab cake.  BJ ordered blacken scallops and shrimp with jasmine rice.  My sandwich wasn't jumbo lump, but it was very good and I love their french fries.  BJ's seafood was perfectly cooked.  It was served with baby bok choy which was also yummy.  We really enjoyed our first experience here and will definitely be back.~sandwich crab cake ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ZKtHXSwUsLv86Iewr4hJ2A~if you're gonna do one buffet in vegas...please, i implore to you, DO THE WYNN! it may be on the pricey side (weekend lunch price + added 18% tip for large party came out to $40, more for those who wanted bottomless momosas & bloody mary's). but its worth every penny....  come, dance with me in the memory of my 3+ hours at the wynn buffet during sat lunch.  yes, 3.  ....~~... 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~hZgcX8uZw1hYCE6-wnim2A~"An American Bistro and Bar," this western but elegant establishment serves up cowboy fare wtih a twist of new mexico and a dash of french savvy for sauces.  The decor is typical for the wild west...chandeliers made from the antlers of deer, wood finishes, and a saloon to quench the thirst.  They do have an extensive wine list, though I tried one of their mixed drinks, which is something I do at every restaurant I visit.  'Iced Tea' - Bacardi Limon, Lemon & Mint  'Wrath of McGrath' - A Shiner Bock Beer with a Shot of 100 Proof Smirnoff Jalapeno Vodka drizzled over it & a Squeeze of Lime  For an appetizer I tried the Cockles and Craw Fish, with a roasted garlic butter sauce with kaffir lime.  I would have spent more than the $9.50 just to delight in the sauce again.  Truly a phenomenal and unique taste, though there was only a small amount of crawfish, and perhaps five cockles. Well, it is an appetizer, though i can guarantee that once you sample this savory sauce, you will want more.  Second Appetizer was the Kettle of green chile pork, with jack cheese and flour tortillas.  Also $9.50, and very delicious, this appetizer is not so overwhelming as to satisfy appetite, but is intense on the taste buds, as it is flavored with a habanero pepper.  The Restraurant offers two seperate menus.  TheSaloon menu is available at the bar only, and features less expensive foods from 8.50-12.00.  Stew, Steak, Quesadillas, and a "Big Ass Burger" are all found here.  I shared a "Big Ass Burger" with my beau, for $10.00, and we couldn't fit it into our mouth.   Though our waitress was slow, and we waited quite some time for our drinks, she was very amiable.  When I bit into a wedge of plastic while enjoying the appetizer, the manager came to personally apologize and to offer us complimentary dessert, as well as taking the Crawfish off the bill.  Though none of that was necessary, it is always a treat when a restaurant concerns itself in such a way with pleasing its customers.  As for the Restaurant menu, here is the complete menu and photos, taken from the roaring fork website:  Boneless Buttermilk-Fried CHICKEN with Pan Gravy & Mashed Potatoes AHI Seared with Smoked Salt, Chamomile Steamed Vegetables, Chipotle Vinaigrette PORK Rib Chop, Red Chile Sauce, Baked Squash with Apples SALMON Campfire-Style Ginger Vinaigrette, Soy Beans, Tomato DUCK Breast, Onion Jam, Sour Cherry Mustard, Little Cabbages HALIBUT Dusted with Dried Tomato...Soft Herbs, Sugar Snaps, Meyer Lemon Sauce LAMB Rib Loin, Corn Fritter, Green Beans with Toasted Hazelnuts Vanilla Lamb Glace & Green Jelly Almond-Crusted TROUT, VEAL Bacon, Asparagus & Horseradish Potatoes Tarragon Sauce BEEF Short Rib Braised in Dr. Pepper Barbecue Sauce, Chile Cheese Grits Grilled SHRIMP with Green Rice with HAM BEEF Tenderloin, Whiskey  Shellac, Green Chile Macaroni~new mexico tea lemon jalapeno lime garlic butter lime pork cheese tortillas habanero steak quesadillas burger burger fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~pROZeTbSik98lL9qeQLEUw~An amazing farm to table restaurant that  is extremely affordable. Food that comes from so close just tastes better, everything we had didn't disappoint.   -Beet and Walnut Pub Burger with a side salad yummy wow.   -roasted seasonal veggies, you can taste the freshness   -bimtami or whatever was sooo good. Crispy rice. Get the spicy sauce on the side and add in yourself.   -YOU MUST GET THE CHEESE CURDS. YOU WILL REGRET IT FOR LIFE IF YOU DONT.~burger salad cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~kLv_W3nxEQSEoL1BSSqr5Q~Good food! It can be a little expensive, but quality. The cheese curds were worth the buy. They have a good happy hour, but otherwise, I've never been here for a meal. As a student and then young professional starting out, it was just too expensive.~cheese ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~0r6QOcEILWl9Wp8xeII0xw~Cozy atmosphere, good service and reasonable prices...what's not to like?  We enjoyed the baked rigatoni with amazing bread and the green chili chicken with au gratin potatoes...yummy!  This will definitely be a go to, neighborhood place on a cool day to enjoy some comfort food.    I am excited to see the further changes they are going to make to the place.  This is a definite must visit in Central Phoenix!~chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Sy6Hfn7TPxBEnomNSyVJXw~Holy shit, $40 is a damn expensive buffet.  But... there are upsides!  1. Crab legs (I don't like crab legs but for those who do they are huge and cut open for you - so gorging yourself is easier) 2. Prime rib: uberly tender, best with the jus and horseradish on top 3. Center cut slab bacon, yes meat eaters rejoice!!! Get ready for salty goodness and a heart attack - hey at least you've lived! 4. Fish: tons of ceviche choices, sushi, baked fish, you name it, they've got it. 4. Cheese/ dried fruit/ italian meat selection - wow, they have got quite a spread: prosciutto, salami, mortadella, parmesan, gouda, dried figs, apricots - heaven. 5. Bottomless iced tea, soda, coffee, hot tea, juice. 6. Rice porridge/ congee - not what you'd expect at this buffet but so tummy warming after a long night out! 7. Come on there's just too many good things here, and almost everything is executed well! 8. YOU CAN STAY A LONG TIME - I did (4+ hours), so eat to your heart's content, then take a 7+ hour nap from your food coma.~horseradish bacon ceviche sushi salami mortadella gouda tea coffee tea ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~k4EUcSyjFx6M1nm09f5LSQ~I thought I would be blown away and I was with the amazing view and beautiful decor! however, the food was nothing spectacular and our waitress was clueless!  We all got the tuna tartar, beef carppacio, salmon and ribs. Would I come back? Yes but this time JUST for drinks on the patio. There are too many other yummy restaurants around here to just settle!~tuna beef salmon ribs ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kPvFOi5pfGlb7YmU4eBTVQ~I'm not generally a fan of sweets, but I was on my way to work and thought I'd take some cupcakes for my co workers to boost staff morale.  I liked that I was able to pick only the flavours that I wanted. It's also nice that they have smaller size cupcakes because that way you can have two and try two different flavours.   I was very pleased with the icing to cupcake ratio. Icing is the only reason I eat cupcakes and this was some of the creamiest, dreamiest icing I've had. You could see the vanilla specks in some of them. The Coconut vanilla was my favourite. The cake was light and fluffy with no dryness.  I would buy these again when I want to be loved at work, or at home, or by anyone. Please be my friend, I'll buy you cupcakes...~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes coconut cake cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rFMX8AOz8EgPVucU6fw4hA~There on a SUNDAY-  all day happy hour.  happy hour prices great!  food awesome!  had BIG ASS burger- we shared a side of the famous mac&cheese (think its chipolte chile mac and cheese) normally never order it , but it was excellent-  everyone at the table loved the food.   busy but managed to get a patio seat- by luck im sure-  had my 7 and 10 year old boys with me-  they were fine and my 7 year old was able to order off the kids menu--which is not in print-  but they do have the basics, kraft mac& cheese, chicken strips, burger.~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~0L7ENdPKLl7sh56bRdauag~This has always been one of my favorite Scottsdale restaurants. However tonight was a different experience. I had a take-out order totaling $40. The salmon was not teriyaki plank salmon. It was bland and tasteless.  The green chili macaroni and cheese was overcooked and mushy. This must've been a not so good night in the kitchen. Maybe the winter chef goes north once Summer comes? My advice is to skip this restaurant until fall and see if the food quality improves. I was sorely disappointed tonight.~salmon salmon macaroni and cheese ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5DHc6Id6vIIJ9B1O-bMVXg~Big ass burger is no joke. Sometimes service is slowwwww.~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~l05_abwhwbT82LVCHIHNUg~Like many, I was not blown away by Graze but the food was good. I had the mussels and my partner the Graze burger. It was definitely worth the trip, although I might not be back right away.~burger ~3 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~excNI3Q9IQ6S5kQgqbanxQ~Loved this place. Went for Saturday brunch. The food was so good. The atmosphere was great. The staff was so friendly. And the drinks were bomb. :) will definitely be back!    Update! Went back on Monday for lunch. Had a shrimp blta and it was delicious. End of story.~shrimp ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~fYoOK9ev3mvIfPUKREMYkw~I had the opportunity to dine with some Fabulous Fellow Yelpers at The Roaring Fork last night. While the night was fun and full of laughs, The Fork just didn't deliver.  Our group of 9 people had a dinner reservation for 7:30pm. Let me first hit on our reservation. Because of seating limitations, Jenn W and I had to make 2 separate reservations, and they were made through Open Table. We each noted our reservation with each other's names and stated that we wanted to be seated next to each other. I also noted that we were Yelp members and that we wanted the AZ Restaurant Week menu.  We received a confirmation etc.  The day of our event, I received a phone call confirming our 8PM dinner...umm... no. I explained I set it for 7:30. The girl fumbled around and finally said "Yeah ok." and finally apologized for the oversight. I am SO glad I thought to ask her about the further instructions regarding Jenn W and My table being seated together, because they would have dropped the ball on that too. In my irritation, I finally said "What other important information do you miss because you guys don't actually read your Open Table reservations?" more apologies...yack yack.  Fast forward to dinner time!  I arrived around 7pm to meet a few Yelpers for drinks at the bar. I didn't feel comfortable actually sitting at the bar because the seats are jam packed right next to each other... heaven forbid there's a fire! It took a while for the bartender to notice that we actually wanted a drink. He served me a fantastic Zin. I don't know what it was, but it was good!  Our full party arrived and it was dinner time! I was STARVING at that point. We were seated at 2 separate tables that were next to each other. We decided it was silly to sit a foot away from each other and put some muscle into moving our tables together.   Our server, Joshua, took our water order very quickly. Unfortunately, that was about all he did quickly and accurately all night. Our actual drink/cocktail order was painfully slow both in being able to order it and delivery, plus a random diet coke showed up in the midst of our order. At this point we didn't want our drinks we wanted food. A couple of bread baskets were delivered with so-so varieties of bread. My favorite was the cheddar bacon biscuit. It was just interesting to me. After we depleted our carb baskets, we hoped that our food order would fare better and get to us quickly.  It was time for the first course. Everyone's first course was delivered except for one. Jenn W was left to sit and wait an unreasonable amount of time for her order. In fact, instead of making sure everyone had what they needed, our waiter delivered another table's appetizer first and walked away. BIG NO NO. Jenn finally received her order and I could finally dig into my food without guilt.   I ordered the green chile stew. Fantastic! I loved it. It had the right amount of spicy kick. The meat was tender and not at all fatty, and the tortillas that came with it were hot and buttery. I could have just gone straight to dessert after that. I was very pleased with my appetizer.  What goes up must come down right? Well my blissful high was broken up by my boring rotisserie chicken meal. I was hoping that the chicken might be moist and smoky, or maybe rubbed with some interesting spices... no. I know I've had a better seasoned, and more moist rotisserie chicken from a grocery store. Yes, I said it.   I did have the chance to steal bites of the trout from Jenn W and Matthew K. How I regret ordering the chicken!! The trout was moist and meaty and full of so much flavor it was silly!! I also had a few bites of Amanda B's short rib dish. The sauce on the short rib was tasty and smoky; the short rib itself was almost too fatty. I know short ribs are supposed to have some fat content, but this was like eating blubber in some bites, not appetizing. I had high hopes for my dessert.  Our dinner dishes were finally cleared away and we were left to chat for a bit before our dessert order was taken. I had the molten chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream. Meh... the brownie wasn't exactly as molten as I expected and considering my ice cream was largely melted I was hoping the whole brownie was warm, nope. The melted ice cream was possibly our "speedy" waiter's handiwork.  Our waiter was kind enough to allow split bills and there was no problem in mixed up tabs or anything which was great.   I think I will go back to the Roaring Fork for a happy hour or to try some of their more creative dishes. Maybe a basic chicken dish threw them for a loop; I hope they can wow me next time with something different!~coke bacon tortillas chicken chicken chicken chicken ribs ice cream ice cream ice cream chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~gXPzhPf5c6fFFRzDWJitWA~Buffet here is $40 for dinner. My friends and I came late, almost when they were about to close,went in at 10pm, got as much food as we could because food only stayed till 10:45pm we sat there eating for a while and they didnt kick us out.   Everything here was top quality. They have a lot of choices of food to choose from. Being a non red meat eater, I still had a lot of food to choose from! They have Chinese, Lebanese, Italian, etc. My favorite was the dessert! Their dessert are super high quality and taste delicious.   Decor inside made me feel like i was having tea with Alice from Alice in Wonderland!   This probably my most favorite buffet in Vegas.~tea ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~2NwEfANM3neqW9q16pL0rA~When we finally arrived after a glitch with our GPS we were very happy campers.   The  hostess was very welcoming and the service was excellent from start to finish.  The green chili mac and cheese was excellent as was the shrimp cocktail--the shrimp were huge and very fresh.  My Dr Pepper ribs were excellent and very tender.  My daughter had the grilled shrimp over grits which she also loved.~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~3XypKMEft3bYePJUMMLm9Q~I'm on the hated-it scale of the Honey Bear love fest.    We ordered the bbq ribs and a beef sandwich with cole slaw and cowbro beans on the side.  Thought the meal was on the below average scale for tastiness...the beef sandwich meat suffered from not being marinated, and it was bone dry...the bbq rib was more of the same...so this would have been a 2 star review...BUT what pushed it down to 1 star for me was that my ribs were "bloody"...No not pink, but actually bloody with the jelly-like texture of raw meat...great when I'm eating sushi, but not so much for bbq pork  I actually returned the bloody thing to the counter person who agreed that it was bloody and made me a new plate...unfortunately, it was a new plate of the same bloody ribs, I gave up and just trashed the bloody plate....so no, I won't be back for another try  If you're looking for tasty bbq sandwich...try TEXAZ for lunch...that's where I'd be the next time I have a craving~honey ribs beef sandwich beef sandwich ribs sushi bbq pork ~1 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~3JT5OfEnQW2bu1S88V3Dyw~I stopped by here earlier today with my father for lunch.  Not too long ago I had been here with a Yelp party and was lucky enough to taste some of their oysters and shrimp with the Oysters Rockefeller and shrimp both being delicious.  Since my dad likes a good fish, I decided that I would take him sometime for lunch.  We were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant and given the choice to sit inside or outside.  I chose inside even though it was pretty much the same as being outside.  You see, they have a garage door type device so that the restaurant opens onto the street.  With the perfect weather today, my dad and I both enjoyed our seats.  For lunch we decided to start off our meal with the lobster bisque fries.  It is exactly what you would expect from a name like that, a bunch of fries on a plate with a decent helping of lobster bisque dumped over them.  The bisque tasted awesome and I was pretty happy about the large chunks of lobster that were sitting on top of the fries.  While the fries tasted nicely too, I wasn't as big of a fan of how soggy some of them got.  Even so I enjoyed the inventiveness and taste of it.  For my entree I decided to have the shrimp po boy and chose the buffalo aioli to go with it while my dad went with the fried cod sandwich.  Both dishes came with a side of fries that looked like they were freshly cut. My sandwich was pretty good and I enjoyed the buffalo aioli but I think still think that it lacked something.  So while I liked it, I honestly can't say that I loved it.  My dad did say that he really enjoyed his sandwich as the fish was good. I should also note that our server was also very friendly to us and helped to make our experience nice.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  While nothing during today's lunch jumped out at me as amazing and today's lunch on its own would be 3 stars, I do know that there shrimp here is very good, so maybe I just ordered badly?  In any case, I do think that it is worth stopping by to give a try.~shrimp oysters rockefeller shrimp fries fries fries fries shrimp sandwich fries sandwich sandwich shrimp ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BAG39by8DqNj67g8fxcYjw~This is a Happy Hour review for this location. I have only eaten dinner at the downtown Austin location.  This is my Arizona friend's favorite happy hour spot. The few times he is up for a happy hour, we go here. The happy hour is confined to the bar area (saloon) and the patio. Be cautious of the wait for the indoor seating. The Roaring Fork happy hour is not a secret. Try the patio, you will usually have better luck getting a seat.  My friend only gets one thing: the Big Ass Burger, cooked medium rare. He loves it. The Longhorn cheddar, the bacon, and especially the poblano pepper. He is a little disappointed that over the years, the Big Ass Burger has gone from one pound of meat to two-thirds of a pound. However, this fact does not stop him from devouring the burger. Five stars for the burger.  We split the guac and chips. The guacamole is wonderful and I love the presentation. For me, this appetizer is totally worth $6.   I usually munch on the friend's fries and drink my mojitos, as there are not very many vegetarian options at Roaring Fork. The mojito is decent and the margarita is good too. I'll have to try the Huckleberry marg next time. (I hear it's great!)  All in all, a great happy hour location. Especially since it's 4-7 daily.~burger bacon poblano burger burger burger chips fries ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UqkrWQDf1M6CRnghqQ18rQ~The biggest draw for us was that this restaurant's menu is all local.   The staff was super friendly and they are very knowledgable about each dish. The restaurant wasn't crowded at all and was perfect for a nice early dinner on the square with some friends.  The cocktails were good. We each had a different one from the menu. Nothing super yummy so we all just ordered one.   The apps were alright. We had the pretzel with the best creamy cheese you could ever have and some other mustard spreads. Then the pickle platter which was interesting but I'm sure a pickle connoisseur would have loved it!   Our friends ordered the Mac N' Cheese and the Toasted Farro. My partner and I had the pub burger and a Fried chicken and waffle.  Our friends said they liked their meals but didn't say much else. My partner thought her burger was good and the fries were okay. My fried chicken and waffle were good but again nothing phenomenal. I've had better waffles at IHOP and fried chicken from Church's chicken to say the least.  Again since everything is local - you are paying top dollar for a little bit of food. When the food doesn't seem fantastic then you leave thinking "Wow, we could have had a more savory meal at home for half of the money."   I was really hoping to taste some magnificent food that would keep me craving more until I came back. This wasn't that experience.~cheese cheese burger fried chicken ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~A7x554yhQ1tmGxdAT7cD0A~Awesome place ... Amazing food. I recently moved to Pittsburgh and this was my first dining experience here - I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. I had the fried fish sandwich (added avocado) with fries. So good ... I could only eat half. I will definitely be back ... Helpfully soon!~fried fish sandwich avocado fries ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-l5DNg8fP2YhUOST_Pg6-w~have not been there in a long time...the guy taking the order was in some other world. the amount of pork or chicken on the sandwich has been reduced to almost half. the drinks are watered down. and the prices are up. Me thinks I wont be back there.~pork chicken sandwich ~1 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~r4SmPdkqIazIGPHXdPOG4Q~I know there is a lot of hype about these cupcakes and tend to be a lot of people's favourites, but to me personally I'm very indifferent about them. I like visit the PATH location as it is accessible underground. The place is always packed, so I recommend ordering online beforehand to bypass the line. However, it does require 48 hours advance ordering so be sure to order ahead of time.  I like to order to mini versions as I can't finish the regular sized ones, but I find that even that was a bit too much for me as the icing is VERY sweet. I'm glad they came out with a tiny size so I can try two flavours at once. I have a sweet tooth, but it's something that I don't have cravings for as the icing is a bit too much for me~cupcakes ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~priATlEHHpvPg509IrlNkg~Its gone downhill in my book.  Last few times there the menu has been less ambitious (read: no marrow) and the entrees have been very overpriced for what they are.    The cheese plate was terrible (a travesty).   The staff just doesn't seem to care as much anymore.  Perhaps their popularity has allowed them to rest on their laurels.    I probably won't be back anytime soon (and I was an early defender of this place).~cheese ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mdVVEPdxYI9Mawnj0RMMug~Truly a gem in the heart of downtown Madison! It lived up to the reviews! The cheese curds were amazing as promised, with a delicious batter. I had one of the seasonal specials (an Asian seafood broth based dish), my sister had the gnocchi and my mother had the pub burger. We sat outside and had a breathtaking view of the capital. I rarely give five stars and am happy to be able to do so!~cheese gnocchi burger ~5 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~o6GS_0nKWPS3-fxpzxL2yQ~I went for lunch yesterday. I was impressed! We had a very nice waiter.  I got the spinach salad and I ate every single bite. The ingredients were fresh and it wasn't over-dressed. My friend got the Pub burger. It looked amazing. He raved about it.   Not sure if they take reservations. If you go in the evening, it'd be helpful to call ahead. My friends tried to go for dinner recently and they said it was shoulder to shoulder packed.   Looking forward to going again and trying more dishes.~spinach salad burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~p8PrrDWUdZWHxY_rrMxu2w~Good food, decent price and a southwestern atmosphere.   The food is decidedly better than the decor, but then again I've never been big on the southwestern look. Something about Antlers above my head while I'm trying to have a romantic night out with the lady just doesn't cut it for me.   I (like most everyone else) recommend the big ass burger. You can't go wrong with their side of mac and cheese either and I recommend giving it a go regardless of how much you fill yourself with all their other delicious entrees.~burger mac and cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~jGgmNmZ1YhIY7O0kz4TIwA~I went here on a sunny spring day with my wife for lunch.  It has a cool modern atmosphere with direct views of the capitol from almost any seat.  The burger I had was good, but very messy.  I think the bun could have been slightly bigger.  I like the huge ceilings inside.  Overall a good option on the square that I will try again.  I think happy hour here could be a good idea especially with summer on the way and their big tap beer selection.~burger ~4 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~Kja4b7Ubb3BF5YboPqqCLQ~We tried to dine at this Burgatory location with some friends once before and left after being told that there would be a 45 minute wait (one of our companions has lupus and needed to take her medication with food ASAP), which condemned us to a dismal meal at nearby P.F. Chang's. Months later, however, after much filibustering, I convinced my darling Kay to try this Burgatory once more.   And yet again, as if it had been an amusement park ride, Kay and I waited for 45 minutes, burning the spare 3/4 of an hour at Barnes & Noble. The mounting anticipation contributed to the overall experience favorably, making the standard dine-out night seem a little more special, particularly when it's assumed that the food will be superb, and it was, it was.  Burgers are no longer lowbrow or taken for granted. Restaurants such as Burgatory have taken something that the public had gotten bored with and transformed it into something exciting, fun, and novel again.   Burgatory veterans know the process for a Custom Creation: Grab the tiny pencils, go over all of your options (type of meat, bun, toppings, cheese, etc.) check off the boxes on the form as carefully as one would take a standardized test, and hand it in to your server, who in our case was efficient, honest ('it's just 1,000 Island, hon' she said of their 'house sauce'...), witty, and a ray of light overall. Your burger will come to your table bearing a flag with your name on it. Aren't you exceptional?  Or you can pick a standard build (there are 10) if you want to go into autopilot like I did. Hey, sometimes ya just want to trust your chefs, y'know? Besides, how much can one play around with fixings? It gets tedious trying to figure out what will go well with what and all. Nah, this time I put myself in the Devil's hands and chose the Meat Your Maker burger.   MYM is composed of a dry aged Wagyu patty, a sweet onion crust, Gruyere, roasted tomatoes, organic field greens, and  truffled shallot aioli. The fragrant, silky, medium-rare (a must!) beef was only augmented by the sweet rub, and the creamy,  ribald, brackish aged cape of cheese. The roasted tomatoes added a touch more sugar as did the aioli, which grounded the entirety of the Brioche-encased burger via that earthy, elusive minced fungus.   The fries that flanked the burger were up to the usual crispy, fluffy standards I've come to expect from Burgatory. The days of the once-fried tater are dwindling, Burgatory helping to continue this positive trend of proper cookery.  Like debating whether or not Captain America could take Batman, local bon viviants have been arguing over whether Burgatory or BRGR holds the Big Gold Belt. While I feel their burgers are about equal, Burgatory does trump BRGR in terms of milkshakes. BRGR offers a fine milkshake for a summer evening. Burgatory offers an ornate milkshake for the ages. For instance, my Campfire S'mores milkshake too the stuff of Boy Scout weekend getaways and elevated it into an event of pure indulgence. The marshmallow was imperious, charred, gooey. The alabaster quagmire of whipped cream was luscious enough to ice a wedding cake. The graham cracker crumbs were there as were the pieces of chocolate candy bar. The ice cream itself was almost too thick, like quicksand, but that only helped the boba straw to prove useful and gave me an excuse to savor the frozen dessert, take my time, allow it to melt as I dismantled the garnishes. A Burgatory shake isn't to be sucked down as you stroll the Waterworks mall. It is to be treated as an opulent affair --- a Baked Alaska in a glass.   Burgatory keeps growing and still apparently can't outrace the demand for their products. No matter when you visit one, the swanky, eye-catching interiors are brimming with laughing patrons even without having to await a table. I could express concern that Burgatory will spread itself too thin and lose something in the process,but it just hasn't happened yet. Each new franchise has been nothing but a boon to its part of town and has stood alone in areas infested with national chains.   In other words, there is now a concrete reason to drive out to The Waterfront, and it ain't to see a movie or play games at Dave & Busters.~burgers cheese burger burger patty onion greens beef cheese burger fries burger burgers milkshake milkshake milkshake cake ice cream ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~xyj-XC6_brKCJQyfk2tv0A~They are a 5 minute drive from my office and every item I've ordered has been great.  Hands down the BEST Hawaiian burger I've ever had.  Love how quick their service is~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dpCNqhOdfhxPT916a30I_w~First time at Graze.  The atmosphere is cute.  We sat outside and I ordered a Ginger snap which was really good.  We ordered their fries and it was really good.  I ordered a side of the mac and cheese with pork.  OMG, it was really good and rich with cheese.  I enjoyed it!  The service was kind of slow as they had a big table of 20.  Our waitress apologized for the long wait and also gave us a discount on our bill.  I will come back here again  when I am in town!~ginger fries mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VUqprY4Y8mMpUTUw4xuVIw~I will definitely go back.  Went on a Thursday night with a coworker and a client, we chose the Fork because we could actually hear ourselves talk without yelling over the table. Our server, Daryl, was very attentive and had a great personality. Our cocktails came in a good amount of time as did our appetizers and entree. Our client ordered the short ribs which I tasted and they were fall-off-the-bone tender and the sauce was super tasty. I ordered the oven roasted shrimp on a bed of cheese grits. Yum-my! One of my shrimp was only partially deveined but it was no big deal. My coworker ordered the halibut and he said it was perfectly cooked and equally as tasty.  Looks like a great lunch place too. Oh, one more thing, I am a lettuce/salad snob and my caesar salad came crisp and perfectly dressed.~appetizers ribs shrimp cheese grits shrimp lettuce salad salad ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~U1tSY-u2wdSVcPJGoQ1_7w~This is my favorite Hawaiian place. I love the selection of food and I love the food as well. The service is always quick and friendly and the restaurant is always clean. They have a large variety of dishes that are cooked just right and at very good prices.   My favorite dish here is the fried Scallops. It's something I don't see at a lot of Hawaiian food locations. Nice Panko breaded Scallops that are not overcooked. Writing about it makes me hungry.   The Fried Rice is really good too. They exercise a good amount of restraint when it comes to seasoning which makes for a nice Fried Rice. I decided to grab some Shrimp Fried Rice and I got a Shrimp in every scoop of Fried Rice which makes me smile.   The Oxtail Soup will put you to sleep faster than a Thanksgiving Turkey dinner. Salivate and snore lol.   I like the Chicken Katsu and the BBQ chicken as well. They are not boring pieces of chicken flavored cardboard like some of the other places, these are nice and flavorful.   Even the side dishes are good here. The Mac Salad goes good with anything. The Portion sizes for all the dishes are just right. There are regular sizes and small sizes so you can't go wrong.~fried rice fried rice shrimp fried rice shrimp fried rice soup chicken bbq chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~tnu3hEF_jDsibRA27Yeo-g~This place is nicely located at World on Yonge (yonge/steeles), with ample free parking above ground and underground. They are also available on uber eats, which delivers to your doorstep. We were greeted with friendly service, countertop was clean, only a few tables but there is public seating outside during the summer. In terms of pricing, their combos are very reasonable, $8.99 for a pizza cone combo (with fries & drink), $2 additonal to poutine the fries. Poutine was amazing at a large portion, pizza cone's crust was cruchy and delicious. Not too greasy and it was made  to order. Will definitely come again to try out their warm sandwiches. Open till 10pm on most days.~fries fries sandwiches ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~IptsUkum8n6tkMAf9Ga4bQ~Food is good. I used to really like the cheese curds but they changed the recipe. Unfortunately, there is often a long wait. It's kind of loud.~cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~C85ddt4YZubYSsD1t9sRuQ~After being gone for two years, I was extremely excited about coming back to this restaurant and extremely disappointed to find the most hateful hostess waiting to seat me. There was not a welcoming smile or even look when she asked number of party. She then explained how to find our table and told us to go sit and she would bring the menus along. First impression of one of my favorite past times was horrible, however, the server was amazing and the food was delicious. Must try the honey-crisp  chicken salad!~honey chicken salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8ftVYeGAoOXhTCxau5W5iQ~Wonderful, cozy place in the heart of Scottsdale -- the Roaring Fork gets two thumbs up. Their jalapeo mac & cheese alone is worth visiting, but there are a lot of other delicious treats on the menu too. If you're a vegetarian, ask the server what your options are, there aren't many on the menu which is why its getting three stars from me. Once I asked my waitress about vegetarian options she told me all the dishes that could be converted to vegetarian which I greatly appreciated.   Their wine selection is absolutely amazing though, lots of delicious, quality wines for you to enjoy. I'd visit this place again if I'm back in the area!~cheese ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~rXRUXlfI3BjvbqX3ZBHtYg~My friends love this place. But let me be honest I did not like it at all. This place offers variety of food with lot of color in it. Also the chicken dint taste fresh. Well it was expected after counting the number of microwaves. I mean seriously "6 microwaves" to heat the food. This definitely explains why my food dint taste fresh. I am definitely not visiting this place again.  Price- Reasonable  Ambience- ok  Food- ok and not fresh~chicken ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~A-9T0PUe7nN_Brri3JSCnQ~Yummy! I liked how all of the ingredients were from local farmers. I tried the pork bibimbap. Very good. Large portion but veggies were crisp. I appreciated their American fusion of this dish. Also, I tried the mac with pulled pork. That was delicious. It was hard for me to focus on my meal when the cheesy goodness smell of the mac kept wafering near me. Nice open atmosphere.~pork pulled pork ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~WEclQx4xOCmMeBH7xTBRsQ~Honestly, I'm not really sure what all the hype is about. I will say, the location is great, and the servers I've encountered have been nothing but friendly and attentive.   However, the food just isn't that great. First of all, I wish they had more pork-free options on the menu that weren't vegetarian. The first time at Graze, I went with my mom, brother, and sister and we ordered a selection of stuff to share: cheese curds (good, though I slightly prefer those at dlux or merchant), cheese plate (again, decent, but nothing special) and a bibimbap bowl (I guess it was good, I'm a supertaster, so I sometimes like my food a little more bland than most people, but this wasn't even flavorful to me). On the plus side, their lemonade is always delicious.   All in all, it's pretty mediocre and doesn't live up to its image. I probably won't be back any time soon.~pork cheese cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tljs4DvJNKfCzCGgKyRYSw~Ambiance = 5 stars Food = 4.5 stars Service = 2.5 stars  The space is awesome - it feels like you are in New York or Chicago.  It is modern, yet very comfortable.  It has a modern farmhouse feel.  The food was really quite good.  My wife and I shared several dishes including the beet salad, mac and cheese with pulled pork, cheese curds, and the Graze burger.  For dessert, we split a piece of hickory nut pie - outstanding!  It was all very, very good.  I also enjoyed their beer selection.  The only downside was the service.  It was really SLOW.  We were there at 6:00p on a Tuesday - not exactly prime time.  We tried to be understanding as we were there on their 5th night of being open.  I hope they get the bugs worked out soon - we can't wait to go back!~beet salad mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F6H3S6JJrey7JQwbvDuyoQ~Quickly seated and great table service for coffee and refills. Loved the mini bacon waffles. Yum!~coffee bacon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~XNAV4t2iyqQnC4cjA_JWGQ~Conveniently located across from Firesky Resort- I was able to walk over and place my order.  I didn't call ahead, but it took approximately ten minutes to get my chicken flatbread.  It was sooo yummy and not too heavy.  I reccommend that as an entree!~chicken ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~vV8QbYMt1atp0NUylcC1Dg~Good call on the cutie sized cupcakes. They are smaller than a mini and the perfect size to indulge an afternoon sugar craving. Mhmmmm.~cupcakes ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JSmKvkvhxeY_4pbsAZ6X4g~The Happy Hour at Roaring Fork can't be beat.  If you have a chance to sit at the bar you can see Mike, aka Bar Ninja, make drinks super fast. They have drink specials and make a great gin martini with blue cheese olives for $5! We love the green chile pork, big a$$ burger, and the green chile mac and cheese. This place is packed for happy hour, so sometimes it is difficult to get a table, but if you are willing to hang out for a bit something will open up and it is definitely worth the wait! Also, sign up for the rewards card and you will get points that earn you discounts off your bill.~cheese pork burger mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~SCVnkIF78Abt1RKp-0CBjQ~I'm here with 10 people and we are each going to write a mini review! Ps everything is amazing!! - best service! Thank you Lisa!!!! - the baconnn mmmmm - everything is super fresh and the service is excellent - I must to come eat at the buffet wynn. Thanks god for America!!!!! - So I'm gluten free and I found sooo many options. I had the blue corn pancakes which were amazing. Unfortunately, Angela, the lady making the pancakes had a really bad attitude but thankfully the chocolate chips were sweet enough to change the bad taste in my mouth. Also the baby carrots were unreal, the chicken sausage was amazing and the iced coffee was delicious!! I also loved our waitress she was SO nice!!!  - Thank you for the amazing service Lisa. The omelette station was incredible! Along with the chicken sausage. For dessert I highly recommend the carrot cake and the sorbet.  - Wow first of all the fried chicken was amazing!! Highly recommend it. The shrimp is bomb but the cocktail sauce is aight. Do not get the orange juice it's really sweet and doesn't taste natural or fresh. Also stay away from the sushi you should go to a sushi restaurant if you want bomb bomb sushi not a buffet trust me. -fav part if breakfast was the yogurt parfait. Also, they had blue corn pancakes for those who are gluten intolerant. Ice cream looked really good just was too full to try!~corn pancakes pancakes chips chicken sausage coffee chicken sausage carrot cake fried chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~aJKxTKlMXdkXOClBCD4Y9g~Absolutely the best ever Seared Ahi Tuna (sushi grade Ahi tuna, hot pepper crusted and grilled rare, served sliced thin on top of was a bit slaw, drizzled w sweet soy, and sprinkled w tobiko). Absolutely the best  delicious appetizer!!!~tuna sushi tuna ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZwY7t5w4oX5xM0O9nqqKAg~Take-out diarrhea! We came here to try the Indian food because we had hear it was amazing. We ordered the butter chicken and rice. Worst choice ever. Why do all these cabbies eat here? This restaurant is located at the rear of the Toronto Reference Library and is the pit stop for most of the cab drivers there. That same night, I had a huge bowel movement the size of Texas and let's just say that this was the first and last time I'll ever eat here. Don't eat here please.~butter chicken ~1 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~q_3L_kXph7-gzprL63f7RA~BJ's is OK on occasion. My husband loves the mostly sauceless, tomato-strewn pan pizza. Me, not so much. However, the atmosphere seems fun (kind of loud, but that drowns out our usual loud talking). There are flatscreen TVs throughout the restaurant, in case a game or a major weather event (hurricane season) is on. The booth seating is comfy, and we see a lot of families, so it looks pretty kid-friendly as well.  I've tried various dishes here, such as sliders washed down with BJ's Hefeweizen. The sliders and thin fries were pretty darned yummy, and the 5 oz. taster-sized Hefeweizen was the perfect size (and price!) for a lightweight and/or someone who has to drive soon thereafter... I am not a beer connoisseur, so YMMV! On separate occasions, I've tried the Angel Hair Toscana dish, which was just OK and came with a side of garlic bread. I've had the French dip on a couple occasions, and that is highly recommended; I love a good au jus... The other night I tried the Field of Greens salad with candied pecans, feta, red peppers, and a balsamic vinaigrette; that was quite yummy. I coupled that with a taster-sized Berry Burst Cider, which is really sweet and hit the spot.  For dessert, the Cookies N' Cream Pizookie is quite good, so you might want to save room for that (be sure to share it with 1 or 2 more people ~ it s rich and should feed at least 2 The Apple version pales in comparison ~don't bother with that... Finally, I'm a caffeine fiend, so I was pleasantly surprised that their coffee does not taste like old socks.  I recommend BJ's for a casual night out. 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~xqG-KVolQayaY5w789EzZQ~Since I hadn't been to this Mexican chain before, I decided to give it a shot. My girlfriend and I decided to try lunch at Mad Mex since we both love Mexican food and are always open to trying new places. This one however, will not see us again most likely, unless we want to try some drinks. We started with chips and salsa, after seeing another table with the same. What we hadn't seen prior to ordering was the prepared state of the salsa. It looked more like tomato salad, as it had none of the juice of any of the ingredients. The flavor was good, but it was very dry; not what you anticipate when having salsa. From there, we both ordered burritos. The Mad Mex signature for her, and the wing burrito for myself. I had expected a decently sized burrito along with some sort of side, like rice or beans. Instead, I got a plate-sized rectangular burrito, with a questionable sauce topped on, and a small bit of lettuce and more of the salsa (really making it look like salsa salad now). To my surprise, the sides I was expecting were in the burrito. Rice and beans throughout, and, except for the meat (which I might add was added very sparingly), there was nothing else to my burrito. While filling, the burrito held a flavor which did not really kick in, despite asking for the hot wing sauce when ordered. After smothering it in hot sauce from the table, it was better, but only as good as a rice and bean burrito can really be. I have no problem with a vegetarian meal as such, but I would've liked to be told before ordering it. Overall, the food wasn't overpriced and the service was decent, but I also didn't get much of what I wanted either. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, and this place is truly great underneath it all. However, the chances of returning, especially with other great Mexican meals at Taco Bell and Plaza Azteca looming nearby, are very slim to none. Thanks for trying, but I'd rather not try it again, Mad Mex. Adios!~chips salsa salsa tomato salad salsa burritos burrito burrito burrito lettuce salsa salsa salad burrito burrito burrito burrito taco bell ~2 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~9ijBv31qvHD9HbGJ0zKq1g~I am an avid fan of yogurt, and yogurtland takes the cake for best yogurt around town. the red velvet flavor gets me. I love all the toppings you can add, plus you can load your bowl and be out of the place in under $5. strongly recommend yogurtland!~cake ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~7DfYMyiT2hak0IIZxLiPYw~A cute cupcake store in the heart of the financial district.  If you are not sure what you want, the mini sized cupcakes are a great option.  I tried both the vanilla cupcake with strawberry icing and the chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing.  I must say the flavors were very good and the cupcakes were very moist.  Although, the "real" strawberry flavor was a little over powering, I would definitely return to try the other flavor combinations.  Beware, there is a lot of icing packing into these cupcakes; if you are not a true sweets fan this place may not be for you.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~sLCZYOnVq0koBBQ1tfo4rA~The only one that is worth try is the strawberry one and it's because the icing does taste like real strawberries. The rest are just standard cupcakes you can buy anywhere else. I've tried cupcakes in i don't remember how many places and all of them are the same thing: a sponge type and TONS of FAT ICING, not evenr eal fruit. Cupcakes are out of my list as a treat.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Oywv1pY5p58GJ2Vnuc9adg~A gem...We went for my husbands birthday .we walked in and the bartender came right out and seated us. very friendly .. the restaruant has a rustic look that was very nice the waiter (Euan) came right over asked if we had ever been there before.we told him NO. he went over the menu and gave his recomendations. Well he said the  swordfish with roasted potatoes,cabage and bacon was his fav so I went with that and let me tell you,I am ever so glad I did.I was in food heaven. and the cheese cake was to die for I dont remember the correct name but it had apples and cranberries. As for my husbands meal I could tell you much except he cleaned his plate ...THANKS for a GREAT dining expierience...we will be going to eat there again and again and...............~bacon cheese cake ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~hcTdDLxfhr4-Y-3Qi2AXJA~A regular size cup cake for $3.  I visited during my lunch break, as i was roaming the underground PATH's of the Toronto financial district. I stumbled upon a small little bakery with a pretty catchy name. It was around 2:00 in the afternoon, already pretty late to be considered lunch. Even at that time there was a bit of a line; so i'm assuming this place gets even more crazy around prime hours.   After a long line I finally ordered a vanilla cupcake with vanilla icing. To be honest it was kind of disappointing, and the reason for this was the high expectations i had after such a long wait.  Kinda like watching the new Green Lantern movie. All the hype but no real bite to back it up lol.  The icing on it was pretty nice, but the cake itself was nothing special.  Also, i realized that alot of their stuff gets sold out pretty quickly so i suggest going a bit earlier if you are picky about your cup cake flavor.  Overall 3 stars Will i visit again?? Maybe if the huge sugar craving hits at the right moment and im in the area again~cake cake cake ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~ZA_iq3DBbpIoG9hLrEw_HA~What an experience! We love great food, we love amazing locations and experiences; this checked all the boxes 600%! Food was amazing: bison carpaccio and pork chops for me, grapefruit salad and salmon for my wife. Both entrees recommended by our our waiter Greg, and both fantastic recommendations! This was an amazing experience; great table, great food and great service (Greg). We will be back!!~pork grapefruit salad salmon ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6_tGz6c_2wl1SQimi4ItQQ~Absolutely fantastic brunch! The chicken and waffles was exceptional, "broasted" fried chicken which was tender on the inside, sweet, spicy and crunchy on the outside with sweet pickles. The bipinbap burrito was unlike anything I've had before. Filled with julienned veggies, pork, crispy rice, and a Kimchi-like mixture. The setting is cool: high ceilings, floor to ceiling blackboards with the meats and cheeses of the day, and the Capitol outside. I'd go back in a second!~chicken and waffles fried chicken ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~pQDv0Y8h-TqATd-J-qFFnA~This is a great soup, salad & sandwich place! They have a rather large venue and they do a good job of keeping majority of the tables clean. The employees were very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.  They have free garlic toasts & bread next to the salad bar. Free soft-serve ice cream!  Chicken Pot Pie soup is yummy. Looking forward to going back to try the Tomato Basil & Broccoli Cheddar.  My sandwich was nice and fresh. It could've used more mustard, because only some bites had it.  I also ordered a wrap, but in panini bread. They forgot to put it in the panini bread and served me a wrap. Not a big deal. Harmless mistake.  Good portion size. A half sandwich & soup fills you up.  Got a free cookie for filling out a quick survey on my phone.~soup salad sandwich garlic salad ice cream chicken pie soup tomato broccoli sandwich sandwich soup ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eWBZwsPjL9lQWdjB_MYFXw~I have not lived in Madison for almost a decade, but I always enjoyed L'etoile and the little cafe downstairs from the old space where they served fabulous little sandwiches to take back to my desk at the Capitol. So I was excited to try Graze, which is in a soaring space with nice views of the square.    We hit Madison just before dinner time, so we ordered from the more limited menu, but there were still plenty of good options. We ordered the pork buns, which were a pretty serviceable knock off of David Chang's Momofuku pork buns, but the slices of pork belly were a little on the skinny side, and I lost the umami hit of a thicker, glistening belly.  We also ordered the cheese curds and deviled eggs as appetizers, both of which were good. The cheese curds were reminiscent of the old Town Talk diner in Minneapolis, and were a little too plentiful for two people but would work for a group. The deviled eggs were a touch mustardy.   If we had stopped there, I think we would have come away pretty happy, but since we had skipped breakfast and lunch, we ordered the pub burger. Mistake. I was expecting a gastropub-style burger, something thicker and that would showcase the local beef. It turned out that it was basically a slider-style WI bar burger. We ordered it medium rare, but you basically can't cook a thin burger anything less than medium well. The burger was hard and dry, with flavors redolent of sawdust. My wife commented that it left her mouth devoid of saliva. I am sure a local, organic cow began the life cycle of this burger, but you would never know based on the hockey puck outcome.   I love and support farm to table, and I would come here again to try other dishes, but I would avoid the burger like the plague. Given the quality of the inputs that Graze has, I would expect a little more.~sandwiches pork pork pork cheese appetizers cheese burger burger beef burger burger burger burger burger ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~c_Sy3AAzuTU15CEXy01xHA~Oh Graze, how you disappointed me. As a foodie traveling with other foodies, we scoped out the Madison food scene prior to our work trip and pegged Graze as THE place we had to try. Glowing reviews, amazing location, an intriguing-looking menu...what could go wrong?!  Our party of 4 arrived around 6pm and the place was packed. We were given a 1-1.5 hour wait time. This place is tiny so waiting at the bar was not an option unless we wanted to stand over tables and hover on top of people trying to eat. We were given a pager so we went across the street to a dive bar called The Tipsy Cow (tip: go there instead! Great spot!) to wait. After an hour, we were paged so we returned.  The space here can generously be described as cramped. We squeezed into our small table and were consistently bumped repeatedly throughout the meal by servers passing through. The volume is loud here so expect to shout a bit while conversing. That being said, you cannot top the view: floor to ceiling glass windows overlooking the capitol building. Truly lovely and the best part of Graze for sure.  We started with a few small plates: cheese curds (of course), pork buns, truffle popcorn and soft pretzels. So, part of our quest was to try cheese curds everywhere we went on this trip and Graze is no exception. Where did they rank? Dead last. Our party unanimously agreed these curds were pretty nasty-- vodka batter served with house ranch and the flavors were horrific. We didn't finish the basket. First time!  The pork buns were paltry, basic and bland. I've had much better at a much cheaper price elsewhere. Not worth ordering as they are forgettable.  The truffle popcorn was a big miss. The basket remained full when the waitress took it away. We all took a single bite and found it to just be a misfire, plain and simple. While we appreciate the concept, the execution fails-- it's weird tasting ultimately and this feedback is coming from west coasters who hail from the land of putting "nutritional yeast" on popcorn at the movies voluntarily. We all felt its potential but it did not deliver. Do not order this.  The pretzels were very good. However, they are a very small portion so a party of 4 would need to order 2 of these. The pretzels were our group's favorite bite at Graze.  As for entrees, I ordered a fried chicken and waffles plate. I had big expectations, I cannot lie. Where I live in Oregon, we have a waffle food truck that makes this exact meal for $6 and it's out of this world, so going to a "gourmet" place to try their version smelled like nirvana. Sadly, 'twas not to be. First, the portions were RIDICULOUSLY HUGE. It was offensively big, honestly. WTF. Who needs that much food?! I wish I had taken a picture. I felt embarrassed having it front of me because I felt like a huge pig. So, despite the insane size, the chicken itself was black on the outside. Black. Beyond charred. Burned black. Ok, so it's going to be a carbon experience. Got it. Still, I plowed onward and cut into that black bird and found-- surprise!! Bone dry chicken! What a shock when it's burned black to have it be inedible and dry.  The waffle was subpar. Too big, too soggy, zero flavor. It came with syrup which I attempted to douse the food with in an attempt to get some sort of flavor-- maybe the syrup was the secret ingredient that pulled it together and made it come alive? Nope. I took 2 bites and couldn't eat another. My group all tried it and they agreed with me that it was just bad food, period.  One person with me ordered the pub burger, served on an english muffin of all things. He found it to be very average, questioned the $11 price tag and missed a decent bun. English muffin, while it's obvious they are trying to be trendy and different, ultimately reads kind of cheap, sorry.  Finally, one person got the trout and was very pleased, so that was a success at least. Drinks and service were also top-notch.  After our huge expectations and our disastrous results, we bailed on dessert-- we lost interest and we all agreed we wished we had stayed at The Tipsy Cow and gotten a bar burger instead. Overall, our experience with Graze was sadly disappointing and a huge letdown after we went in with such high expectations and excitement. None of us would return.~cheese pork popcorn cheese pork popcorn popcorn fried chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~YgyQgwEWQjLCTeAJIaTtnQ~Service is great, good wine selection and great happy hour in the bar. Make sure you get the green chile pork and a Big Ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~Ww_JunAkx2-c70HyrYn6sw~Always get the shredded pork to go with coleslaw and beans to make my own BBQ salad at home. Geat BBQ 25cent wing night on Mondays..grilled!~pork coleslaw salad ~5 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~qtP08au5ZHSOaF_1T_4c9A~Love this place.  Buffalo chicken breast on a pretzel bun was amazing. Love the atmosphere too!~chicken ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~npYq2APAAI2KutRKlVE3YA~There is a lot of hype about Prairie Girl and it even comes up on lists that include it as some of the best cupcake places in Toronto.  When we were visiting Toronto we figured we would swing by and try this place for an after lunch treat.     We ordered the weekly special mini-cupcakes which were "Chocolate Monkey" and "Lemon Coconut". (2 of each).   We were disappointed that the cupcakes were not moist and actually on the dry side.  It was almost as they were not fresh.    The lemon in the lemon coconut in the centre was good. The frosting was a nice butter cream with toasted coconut.  The cupcake body was not fresh.   In terms of the chocolate, it was a cute mini with a candy banana slice on top.   The butter cream had a slight banana flavour, but the chocolate cupcake was again, dry and pretty much all that was tasted was the flavour of chocolate.    Overall, it was not what we were expecting, but we would give them another chance when we are in the area.~cupcakes lemon coconut cupcakes lemon lemon coconut butter coconut banana butter banana ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rH6hPC3b_FYu8bvWNTUNQQ~I was feeling indecisive amongst my Madison bookmarks and proferred the wife to make a selection amongst my selections. I hardly had to spit out the word Graze and its connotations before she made that her choice. I didn't complain; a bit of homework led me to understand that Graze is run by a Bearded chef. That's Beard, as in James Beard. Shaken, not stirred.  Graze sits a modest, modernist glass case of emotion directly across from the Capitol. It's connected to its sister restaurant, the starry-eyed named L'Etoile. The view from either is quite spectacular.  Of course, a place that calls itself Graze screams farm to table, though exactly what farms are left unclear by the menu. The menu, like the chef-owner, has a Korean slant to it, with Wisconsin farm overtones. It also has a $21 burger purported to be one of the best in America.  It is perhaps unfair that I had just eaten the best burger in Chicago, the meticulously simple concoction at Au Cheval. So, and especially for a Jackson plus Washington, there was barely a chance for Graze's burger to equate. Graze's burger is good, and there are parts that are great--the tangy caramelized onions, the delicious on-the-side aioli, and the wonderful fried egg I stole from my wife's bibimbap bowl.  Here's where it falls short. The first is the at times delicious and at other times overtly sour-acidic patty. It's a combination of bacon, sirloin, ground beef, and short rib, and if you just drooled on your phone or computer screen a little, it's OK. That all sounds as mouth-watering as it should, but the patty was a little too big, didn't hold together well enough, and was splashed with just too much Worcestershire-cabernet jus, killing the proper taste of the meat. The second is the fact that the burger plain done fell apart, whether from too much jus, too much meat, or my daft idea that a stolen fried egg would be the cherry on top. Burgers. Shouldn't. Fall. Apart. Period. (And if they do, as in they are meant to, you had better dang well wrap the sucker in white paper first.)  Extremely high expectations for the burger aside, the meal went really well. The cheese curds, a delicacy we had to order, this being Wisconsin and all, were fantastic. Special kudos to the house ranch that tasted a mite like tartar sauce, a plus for me. The pickle board was also a great deal of fun, with six different pickled plates ranging from kimchi to beets in a citrus vinaigrette. Yes, kimchi--remember the Korean thing.   As we hadn't had Korean food during our duration in Chicago, now approaching eight months, the wife narrowed in on the bibimbap bowl. The gochujang and its spiciness set her back a bit, but the bowl was chock full of fresh, delicious vegetables and marvelous blocks of crispy fried rice. Even at its price point, the bibimbap was tasty and impressive.  Too full for dessert, I'll call the night here. Graze is a great space with charming, inviting decor and a solid wait staff. If the burger had been mindblowingly good and worth the price tag, this would be a five-star review. But like I said, it was a high bar to reach, and a fantastic meal nonetheless.~burger burger burger burger egg patty bacon beef patty burger egg cherry burgers white burger cheese fried rice burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~C58v-o_K0vlFGcyLTSnR5w~Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Happy Hour, but the happy hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or better yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it right now my mouth is watering. It gets pretty busy during the happy hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QCNlc_7uzqlHU1pK99PIMQ~Great location and ambiance.   The food is more in the OK area.  Green chilli pork was really good but the tortilla soup and bad ass burger just OK.  The place seem to be always packed so be patient.  A little price for what you get but a good place to have a couple of drinks, ok food and a good conversation.  Cheers~pork soup burger ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~9EvC_UClOIVOl992A1Pnpg~Few years ago, this place was great.  Now, I'm disappointed.  Went last week and had the Chili Chicken with rice.  It was very greasy and didn't taste very good.  They put the food in the microwave.  Came out 1/2 hot and 1/2 cold.  There is much better out there.~chicken ~2 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~UklRiyiboiLDASkO_0BQSg~Such a wide variety of choices.  Extremely juicy burger.  Great taste.  Did I mention the endless variety of burger combinations?  All kinds of game meat and chicken.~burger burger chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AfO9b1xOnqupU_18z_-BeA~Happy hours here are the best. Always busy but always attentive service. Their burger is massive and very fresh, while only being 10 bucks. Fish tacos and chicken flatbread are also superb. Drinks are great as well, even as a 'bourbon and beer sort of guy', I still enjoyed the huckleberry margarita. Certainly a great spot, just be sure to get there early for happy hour as seating can be a challenge.~burger tacos chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~5bY-DIl9a5wfHZWwlEWqcQ~I had pretty high expectations for honey bears and they definitely followed through! YUMMY! We got the chicken and ribs combo and you really don't need teeth to eat it!..... totally melt off the bone, tender, yummy goodness.    Usually my friend and I talk each others ears off when we are out and tend to ignore food/drinks... I am pretty sure we were completely silent devouring our food until we were licking our fingers clean!   They do have specials each day of the week. Tuesday was 2-4-1 beers :)  This is a no frills kind of place. Just order, wait for it at the counter, grab a seat and enjoy.  Its kind of great though... you know exactly what you're getting... no need for 'atmosphere' or attentive customer service because the food speaks for itself.    My only gripe was that they don't have cornbread, which is disappointing at a BBQ place. Instead dinner comes with disappointing white bread rolls.  I wouldn't call the location particularly sketchy.  There is a big parking lot and its right on Central Ave near lots of nicer places too.~honey chicken ribs white ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~0BBZg0JoOmH_hCajyifKsw~I'm beginning to think that whatever Mad Mex I dine at, I'm going to get great service, great food, and a great atmosphere to enjoy it in.  My friend from Columbus was in today to get ready for a job interview tomorrow, he's worked at OSU for years and he wants to teach at CMU. So after he checked in he phoned me and we met at Mad Mex in Robinson.  He gushed about the Mad Mex that recently opened in The Gateway on High St. in Columbus, saying it was one of the hottest restaurants in all of Columbus, and how lucky we are here to have one close to every neighborhood. I ordered the Mission Shipwrecked Double IPA and he had Rogue John John Dead Guy Heller Bock.   Our waitress was so understanding, we decided to enjoy our beers before ordering, and she said "Sure, enjoy, I'll come back and take your orders when ready." So we talked, caught up and enjoyed our libations. Finally I got hungry (and a little buzzed from drinking a double IPA with a specific 12% alcohol listing), I ordered the black bean soup, and Happy Hippy burrito. He had the Mad Mex Burrito with steak and said it was every bit as good, if not better than the Mad Mex in Columbus.  Sure, it's not authentic, it's Cali-Mex, it's fresh, healthy, and I'm sure glad we have the Big Burrito group here in the Burgh!~soup burrito burrito steak burrito ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~r5ZnukBxfAge9g7SanC_3Q~Vegetarians Beware!   Went to Graze for dinner and came home hungry because I'd rather not cobble a meal together out of sides.  My husband got the mac and cheese, because he is apparently 11 years old... or because it is the only vegetarian meal option.  It's certainly sized for an 11 year old.  I had a mixed vegetable salad that was approximately four little carrots and a fried hash brown drizzled in oil.  It was infuriating that this paltry excuse for a salad cost more than a companion's beefy burger and fries!  And as far as the ambiance goes: Graze feels nothing like New York or Chicago, as one reviewer wrote.  But then again, I suppose it does have the "je ne sais quoi" of the Au Bon Pains at LaGuardia or O'Hare.  It features the same deafening, echoey acoustics, high prices, and food court seating... but at least they have decent vegetarian options.~mac and cheese ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F1V4GACfhaJ3dRw_VQRQGA~Had the lunch buffet. It was just OK. There were a few items that were good but most things were very ordinary and basic. Service was poor and the coffee was horrible.~coffee ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~8UR6TxFNEFBPh1qZk0x_iQ~So Jillian and I are reviewing it's amazing restaurant right on the strip district in Pittsburgh - Luke Wholeys Wild Alaskan Grill.  We talked it over and decided this was one of the best meals we've had stateside - outstanding!!   We started off sharing a sushi roll with my sister from another mister, Kristen Hancock, her husband Luke and their little boy Wyatt - a roll they call the Kitchen Sink.  Yellowtail, spicy tuna, salmon and tuna - and it was fantastic!!    After that we all went into our zones and that's when amazing went into overdrive!   Jillian had the ahi tuna, seared and topped with two kinds of tobego - one infused with lemon reduction that had her inhaling it. SHE LOVED IT!!!!!  KRISTEN did the soft shell crab sandwich and Luke the shrimp Po-boy and everyone had smiles around the table a mile wide.    Im looking around checking out what the other tables were having - and the waiter made the decision easier for me:  I first decided to go with their Bloody Mary topped with spicy shrimp and maple bacon. It was so amazing I can barely type the rest of this review as my knees got totally week.  All of the olives, pickles and have of the maple bacon went to my co-reviewer -).   After that I moved right onto the lobster bisque that was truly one of the best I ever had. Chunks of lobster crme frache perfectly mixed together into a fantastic warm soup on a beautiful spring afternoon.  But I wasn't done there.  Oh no, because on their menu they offer something called the steel city lobster roll - which is essentially an amazing lobster roll topped with their incredible lobster bisque as a bit of a gravy. So good, so good, so good!!!  The service was fantastic, they even took care of my pups with water under the table and we all had a spectacular spectacular lunch!  Id fly back to Pittsburgh food just to eat their food.  We really enjoyed spending time with Luke himself the owner who returns out at one time lived on 89th and fifth - just a few blocks away from me in NYC  Bravo!!!~sushi tuna salmon tuna tuna lemon sandwich shrimp shrimp bacon pickles bacon soup lobster roll lobster roll ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~On_znw9tpdoN_GpEMVm5cQ~It is Saturday night, I am hungry and I am sitting here wishing I could head to Mad Mex.  We used to live close to Mad Mex Robinson and it was our go to place when we wanted good reliable food and beer in a relaxing atmosphere.  As others have mentioned the food isn't authentic Mexican but it is delicious and fresh.    They have great vegetarian/vegan options too.  The chick pea chili burrito is an all time favorite.  The salsas and guacamole are flavorful and fresh.  Have I mentioned the beer?  They always have a wide array of seasonal beers on tap and if you get there during Happy Hour even better.    Viva Mad Mex!~burrito ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dXxA9259q6YSje58lxZtzg~Love this place!! They're a farm to table type of restaurant, sourcing their food from local places. The have the BEST cheese curds in the state of Wisconsin hands down. I've lived here my whole life and they are by far the best. Their Mac and cheese is phenomenal as well. I also enjoy the pickle board and salads. The staff is always friendly, so that's bonus as well!~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JYSNKvg0vyAK5DMS4mZyXQ~For breakfast, this buffet is a bit over-priced ($18.95) and not really that good. Runny scrambled eggs, a long omelet line, all types of non-breakfast items for those who can't distinguish between day and night, plus really weak coffee. I tried the Cafe in the Wynn and was much happier.  I'm afraid the House gets the best of you with this "sucker breakfast"~coffee ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~pK-ZZAiiLkOw6aD_Ix69-A~I had the salmon beet salad and the salmon was fresh and delicious.  I didn't partake in the Bloody Mary, (except for a taste of the bacon) but it was the most well presented bloody mary I have ever seen, and the candied bacon garnish was delicious. Our server was friendly. I'd definitely come back here.~salmon beet salad salmon bacon bacon ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~hUt8B-fi6mlx2EPoejnXKQ~BJ's has a very large menu, too large I think. When you have large chain restaurants with huge menu's you already know that they are trying to cater to the masses rather than producing a really quality specialty item. For the most part I was pleased with my order. I went with the Creole Tilapia, which is on their under 575 calorie menu. I considered the Chicken A La Fresca but the waiter advised me that it wasn't that great. I was very appreciative of his insight and honesty. The beer they serve was pretty good as well. On tap they have everything from a light beer to a nutty oatmeal stout. If you aren't sure what you're in the mood for then BJ's is a good place to go as they have descent food and tons of it.~chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VmM3hqLFSGjUfQhbdJ2z2w~My wife and I made a jaunt up to Madison, and spent a significant part of Saturday at the Allen Centennial Garden, which I can't recommend highly enough.  They have an edible section of the garden, and also an herb garden, and there was a little sign directing people to "Graze" where the herbs are used in their cocktails. Sold!  Actually, the "10 Babcock Drive" wasn't that good of a cocktail. It talked a big game about the herb infusions and an herb-tincture, so I was expecting to be blown away by a garden-fresh experience.  There was some aroma, but the overwhelming taste was lemon juice; I think they could do better on this one-- I know I could.  We "grazed" our way through various appetizers including the pork buns, beet salad, and deviled eggs. Portions were on the small side, but tasty.   So why 4 stars? Well, partly it was the ambience (extremely high ceilings, surprisingly cosmopolitan decor-- plus, feel under the seats for foam that helps keep the din to a dull roar), partly it was the company of my lovely wife, and maybe some of my satisfaction was sunstroke-based (I should have worn a hat at the garden), but actually I've got two words for you: pickle board. Somewhere recently, maybe Lucky Peach, I was reading about the rise in sort of "vegetarian charcuterie". I scoffed, because to me charcuterie means meat, and it's sacrilegious to say otherwise, but some of those photos looked pretty fun, I *do* like pickled daikon, and I've found lately with charcuterie boards that I can have some vicious heartburn afterwards, so I figured I'd best keep an open mind.  After having had several fairly small plates, we were pleasantly surprised to find ample portions of each of the half-dozen pickled vegetables.  All were uniquely tasty, with different levels and different types of brine.  My wife declared that she was full after a couple nibbles from each plate, but then couldn't stop picking up her chopsticks to get more. Highlights of the board included the earthy and spicy kim-chee, and the pickled ramps, which were crisp, sweet, and tangy. My wife finished those off.  It was a little pricey, but we had a great time, and I'd definitely go back.  Maybe next time we'll take a stab at the $21, Rachel Ray approved, burger ...~lemon appetizers pork beet salad peach burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~1EYqQ_4_DLARq131invxWA~Love this restaurant!  Western/Contemporary/Casual-with-FLAIR!  Their signature green chile mac 'n cheese is a do-not-miss when you eat here and the Big A*s burger is worth the extra miles on the treadmill! Only drawback:  No Live Music (hint-hint RF mngmt.......................)~cheese burger ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~BDkPL1zIbXjgXlwQkdYjPg~This place is awesome. You get your money's worth of food and it's fast and delicious. Best butter chicken in  downtown core in my book.~butter chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~pqpt1X7bV_vRhwkia3A05g~Giving it 4 stars now since the price tag on a Monday is $20.99 ($7 extra for bottomless Bloody Marys or Mimosas) and the food items were very appealing.  Table service was fair.   Brunch menu was very good. Had my fair share of seafood. Mmm, snapper, sea bass, mahi mahi . . . yay!  I ate so much, I came home sick. Literally. Note to self: do not mix waffles with sea bass. And pecan bars. Or coffee ice cream. Ew and ugh.  RECOMMEND if the price point is around $20.~coffee ice cream ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~b_96vWBS5zDhjtQYGXRX3A~The 2nd time I went here to take out some out of town friends and they enjoyed it with a few minor mishaps.  Didn't see as much fusion on the menu as touted but it's probably a safer bet.  Some of the highlights were the roasted beet salad, the roasted chicken, and some sort of goat cheesecake.  A good place to go for a special occasion.~beet salad chicken ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~-e-FAUdG1Uf35uhrwWYV2g~I have been to the Mad Mex in Shadyside many times, but I had not been to the Mad Mex in Robinson until last week, and I ended up going twice! I went for Happy Hour one day, and the it was a great crowd. They have a nice selection of beers on draft, and have an IPA week coming up (not sure what that means exactly, but I am excited for it nonetheless...). Good Happy Hours are hard to find these days, Happy Hour there is exactly that - good deals on beer, drinks, and appetizers. We had the trio of dips - the jalepeno pinapple is my new favorite!  On Sunday I picked a friend up from the airport and we wanted to find somewhere we could eat and watch the Superbowl, and this was the perfect spot for that. It wasn't overly crowded like many of the sports bars, and once again our waitress was super friendly. I had a margarita and the shrimp taquitos - both were very good. I'm not sure I would use the word "authentic" but as long as it tastes good, I don't really care.~appetizers shrimp taquitos ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~WkZIdMbxNHDfWqPhXjz_TA~Service could be a lot more better , couldn't tell who worked there or not since it looked like they just pulled in people off the street and asked them to work that day , well that's the feel i got when I glanced back into the kitchen . My boyfriend and I got 2 #1 which was a sandwich with one side and a drink , I got pork he got chicken , both were a bit dry until you added that sauce which was DELISH , as I walked up to the counter to grab our order to go , I noticed all the guys had gathered up front to , you guessed it , check me out right In front of my boyfriend. Other than that , our food was alright , nothing really stood out or caught my attention besides the BBQ sauce .~sandwich pork chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~AA8W4zzUma-HI3zQ02ljww~I know I am going to cause a major heart attack with all the Wynn lovers on here, but I came with very high expectations and left sorely disappointed!    We ate a bit early, around 5:30 on a Saturday evening.  There was no line and we were seated within 5 minutes. The price was $82 bucks with tax for 2 people.  I was expecting for this kind of money to get the best buffet food I've ever had in my life.  Unfortunately my expectations must have been too high.    First of all, service!  We waited about 20 minutes before our server showed up to get our drink order.  This is unacceptable, especially during a time like this when the place was pretty slow.  Then, she never came back after she dropped the drinks off.  Our empty plates stayed on the table quite a while before they were picked up.  Secondly, food quality.  This place had the worst quality food I've had in my life.  EVERYTHING we had sucked.  I'm sorry, but dumping a bunch of salt on some overcooked asparagus does not make it better!   The pork tenderloin was dry and had way too much fennel seed on it!  The pizza was greasy and leathery.    The sea bass was very boring, no flavor to it at all.  I had a couple of pastas, and they were all overcooked and lacking in flavor.  The mashed potatoes appear to be fake, but they were ok.  I had some wanton dumpling thing from the chinese area, and it tasted like a bad science project.   The rack of lamb tasted like ASS!  I was ready to leave after biting into it, but then I realized I still hadn't tried any desserts.  So, onto the good things... The fresh carved turkey was awesome!  The prime rib was delicious!  And the crab legs are gigantic, and easy to get lots of meat out of them so you don't have to work up an appetite trying to eat them.   That's about it... Turkey, crab legs, and prime rib.  If those 3 meats are your thing, you're gonna love this place, otherwise LOOK ELSEWHERE!  Desserts were all so-so.  They have fresh crepes made to order, but my local breakfast place that makes crepes does a much better job, so I didn't finish my crepe.  I had some coffee ice cream with oreo cookie on top.  The ice cream was all coffee bean and no cream!  ICK!   The carrot cake was pretty good.  Overall, this place has only a few things you will enjoy, the rest will make some starving country in Africa pissed off that you wasted your food!!  I would say you really should go elsewhere for a good buffet, the Rio's buffet is much better and a bit cheaper... But it's not my favorite either.  Maybe my food tastes are getting too discriminating, but for $37 bucks I think I'd rather go to a nice sit down restaurant on the strip rather then eat food for the masses!~asparagus pork fennel lamb desserts desserts coffee ice cream oreo ice cream coffee carrot cake ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FHQKE6jKdL_WYLmE3T32hw~A visit to Graze is never a bad decision.  The locale on the square is spot on, service is always friendly, floor to ceiling windows make it feel bright and open, and the Sassy Cow cheese curds...best in Madison. Hands down. Get in my mouth. And don't bother arguing with me that the Old Fashioned does 'em better, I've already tuned you out. The batter is light, the cheese abundant and the house ranch that comes with compliments in the best of ways. I'd also highly recommend the Pork Buns, Fried Chicken and Waffle and/or the Bibimbap.~cheese cheese pork fried chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ElN1GeD0PJiLnfekUDd1pQ~Fantastic happy hour! Our Big Ass Burger was exactly that...HUGE! And perfectly cooked. And really great French fries.   The huckleberry margarita was delicious.  We really enjoyed sitting out on the patio.   And our server, Sarah, was outstanding. Excellent service. Great attitude. She really made our dining experience special. Thank you, Sarah!~burger french fries ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tkhlYLhj9Jjk-ZNhAdnUew~"A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." At least, that's what I keep telling myself. Otherwise, why would I keep going to buffets when I don't care for them that much? Maybe it's more like "insanity is performing the same action over and over, but expecting a different result."  In any case, I've tried Wynn's buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The restaurant is pretty, and tables are spaced nicely apart. Service is friendly; coffee and drinks arrive promptly. There's a wide variety of food at all meals.  What I've tried has generally been decent. For breakfast, that included: a muffin; some sort of smoked fish; two Chinese dishes that I had never heard of before (one with beef, the other I forget); a type of link sausage. The omelet station looked good, there were a lot of fruit and pastries available, as well as Mexican dishes.  For lunch, I did a better job of taking notes. I had: *  Prime rib. This was not the traditional whole prime rib, cut into rare pieces by a carver. It was already carved slices of meat, apparently cooked after being sliced. That being said, it was a hit: slightly pink, with a little crispy fat, tender, flavorful. Rating: very good+. *  Jerk chicken. Truly spicy, and not overcooked. Very good. *  Kobe meatballs. Slightly spicy, good texture. Good to very good. *  Smoked sturgeon. Good. *  Tempura rock shrimp. Good to very good. *  Salmon and scallop ceviche. Ok flavor and texture, but nothing special. Good. *  Red snapper. Juicy, good flavor; not overcooked. Very good. *  Roll. Average. Desserts: *  Madelaine. Fair. *  Lemon curd tart. Good. Would have been very good, but the lemon flavor was not sour/intense enough. *  Creme brulee. Surprisingly, the sugar was properly caramelized and crackly. However, the cream was too soft. Good to very good. *  Chocolate mousse with brownie pieces and walnuts. The mousse was not too sweet, with a rich, dark chocolate flavor. The brownie chunks and walnuts were a good addition. Very good. *  Peanut butter cookie with candied peanuts. Good.  For dinner, I was too lazy to bother taking notes. There was a wide variety of foods; quality was on a par with lunch.  My conclusion? The Wynn buffet is pretty good. In fact, it's better than he other buffets I've tried. For all I know, it's the best, but it's still a buffet. The food is decent but not outstanding, so why bother?~coffee beef sausage pastries chicken meatballs tempura shrimp salmon ceviche desserts lemon lemon peanut butter ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_pnRURgWRToGnphSAVu5mw~First off I would like to say I interviewed Chef Tory for a sustainable themed class about a year ago. He was an incredibly open and informative person. As a head chef of two of Madison's top tier restaurants I found it incredible he was willing to sit down with a college student and explain not only the concept of Graze but also his own background.  The concept behind Graze is local sustainable cooking. In a day and age when it would be much easier and cheaper to get ingredients from Sysco or some other food distributor I think it is commendable to purchase from farmers. Chef Tory informed me, that although they do it partially because it is better for the environment, another motivating factor is the freshest and tastiest ingredients come from farmers who are not across the country from the restaurant.  The menu is incredibly adventurous and with a seasonally changing menu will continually afford new options. My personal favorite dish from the part of the menu which does not change is the Bipimbap. For the seasonal menu the Beet Burger with blue cheese and walnuts was incredible.   Graze also has a great selection of local beers on tap and bartenders who know how to make a mean cocktail!   And to top it all off, the space makes you feel as if you are in a restaurant in down town New York with a gorgeous view of the capital square!~beet burger cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JJWHmcTndnmOFHY-5Frg_Q~My sister and I had lunch here yesterday in their outdoor courtyard, which afforded excellent people-watching and views of the capitol building. I had been longing for a menu with a little flare of creativity after a few days on my trip of indulging in the down-home pleasures of fish fry and smoked ribs and cheese curds: Graze offered some nice variety and color. I had the beet and walnut burger, which was flavorful albeit a little more oily than I expected. The pretzel with mustard and cheese on the share menu was really awesome, definitely the highlight. My sister had the black currant lemonade and grilled cheese-both tasty. The waiter was very easy-going and warm.~ribs cheese beet burger cheese currant cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UzjUpEzVhjAZdmx6FISruQ~My first official "Vegas" buffet was here at the Wynn. For $45 per person for dinner (coffee and soft drinks included), I believe the selection of food were really decent ( had three full plates of food that n ight). Whenever I go to buffet, I usually never get the carved ham or steak as I'm not really into those. I usually get a lot of fish and seafood like Salmon, Shrimp, and Crab Legs!! I tried basically a bit of everything and everything was really good. I really loved their thin crust Caprese pizza, it was really good and the cheese they use is absolutely orgasmically good!! I also got some artisanal cheese along with dried figs, grapes, and walnuts they had in their cheese station and they were really good too.   They have many creative dishes here as well. Lines tend to move quickly to enter the restaurant as well as on the buffet line. For some unknown reason, there was a line for Sushi and Crab leg stations. I'm not too big on buffet style Sushi so I skipped it and got in line for crab legs.   The atmosphere is very casual and fit for families with kids, although no kids are running around acting all boisterous here, so PLEASE bring your manners and classiness here. Desserts are nice, nothing out-of-this-world but satisfied our sugar craving after dinner with some coffee. Service was friendly and server made sure that we got our soft drink refills and consistently came back to check up on us. Not a bad place to try for a first-time Vegas buffet!! Next time will definitely be the Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's Palace!!~coffee steak salmon shrimp cheese cheese grapes cheese sushi sushi desserts coffee ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~LB-kn08IcO5AzfLOoDOOsg~i've visited 3 mad mex locations in Pittsburgh (Robinson, Oakland, & Greentree) and have yet to go wrong. on this particular visit, my friend and i took advantage of coupons for free burritos that we'd been sent via email for signing up for the Mad Mex mailing list. They aren't bombing my inbox too frequently except for the things I'd like to know about (like new beer selections available.) The Robinson location is in a corporate looking building but once you're inside, you'd never know it. We visited around lunch time. The music was good. There were tables available inside and outside and we had our pick. Our server was terrific, giving us plenty of time to figure out what we wanted to order. My friend tried the russion stout on nitro tap which was a good time. The food was as great as I've come to expect from Mad Mex. I didn't care for the toritilla soup that came as part of my  meal--but that was on me. There were other selections available that may have better suited my tastes, for sure. I'm used to a more spicy tortilla soup so my expectations weren't met there but that isn't Mad Mex's fault! The carnitas burrito was delicious and the blue cornbread a perfect pairing. I'd visit any of the Max Mex locations I've been to so far again & wouldn't hesitate to explore other locations. The service and food seem consistent so far and when I'm craving sit-down tex-mex, I'd visit Mad Mex again.~burritos soup soup carnitas burrito ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TsVqlP4aGE2sRZwsryq4Vw~I've passed Roaring Fork multiple times on Scottsdale Road, wasn't until Yelp and the great reviews that we decided to give it a try and head over.  Perfect timing for us too because it was happy hour.  I had a guava mojito (litte sour and wish it had been shaken) but it was still good.  Then we had the green chile pork, tortilla soup, and split a burger.  The food was amazing. Loved the pork. Service was great, we had Ally, very friendly and attentive.  Will go back again and again!~guava pork soup burger pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~iKvrn4hSgPFeXpKyZvvX6Q~The chocolate ice cream & coffee ice cream are the best!!!  The rest of the food was just okay.  If I was a seafood lover, I'd probably be a lot more impressed, but I'm not.  We came here on a Friday around 2:30 for lunch because it's significantly cheaper than coming for dinner and on the weekend.  At about 3:30 they changed to dinner and the crab legs came out, which made a bunch of my friends happy.  Overall, it was okay, but not wonderful.  The ice cream was the highlight for me.  SO GOOD!~ice cream coffee ice cream ice cream ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~yv-qdHBuKftyU3Q9T1UMgg~The food and service was excellent. We had mussels and Bibimbap plus cheese curds. And let's not forget dessert.~cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~lflQXc9KXgyCFKGwURUe6w~Love this place it's always fun times.  Make sure you come early or you can be waiting for a seat but it's well worth it.  The food is amazing can't wait till my bison burger gets here.  The pizza is fantastic and the pizzoki for dessert is the best. If your looking for a good craft beer tap list it's pretty well done.~burger ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~rSpwM-gb62tS9Uo7v-kgvQ~I've been to Bliss/reBAR twice so far, once for an event and just the other day for a great lunch on the patio.  The service has been very good each time.  I love the outdoor patio space and the circular bar with the rebar tree.  The food is solid so far as well.  I shared an order of "comfort cheese crisps" with BBQ chicken and onions.  Tasty stuff.  Then I shared a caesar salad and a bliss burger, loaded.  I particularly enjoyed the burger.  The bottom line is that I really love the outdoor space here for the nice weather - outdoor dining and relaxing at it's best.~cheese bbq chicken ~3 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~WsNzdMWtQCPKdLfHTiey7w~Came in to use my Free Birthday Burrito and DAMN, was it delicious.  I was flying solo so I sat at the bar.  The bartender was very nice, I think his name was Heath.  He helped me order a Wingo-rito with Inferno sauce and it was awesome.  I think this location is going to be my new fav Mexi-merican restaurant.  Keep up the good work guys!~burrito ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Hr9YqwKY0jMrB_JCRUetmg~I liked Graze, I was not as blown away by it as I had expected which was a little disappointing.  Don't get me wrong, I liked it and would say it is worth the trip!  I do like the focus on supporting local farmers because that is important to me -  the overt way it is advertised in the restaurant is another factor that leads me to believe that Madison is the inspiration for Portlandia and not actually Portland.  Sorry for the sidetrack.....back to Graze.   I moved to Madison from Chicago, and found that Graze's menu reminded me of "some restaurants that I used to know.".  The menu was a lot like Hearty (where my boyfriend used to work) and I ordered the Steamed Mussels because it seemed similar to the mussels at Hopleaf.  I had orderer's remorse on that one, not because they were not good(they were no Hopleaf mussels), but because I felt like they would have been better as a starter course and not my entree.  wish I could remember what cocktail I had because it was delicious!   We tried the Crawfish Beignets - fabulous.  My boyfriend got the burger which was also great.  The service was friendly and the ambiance nice - no complaints there!  I am interested to try their brunch menu - overall, I would say give Graze a try!~burger ~3 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~R2BhxTWd4MgRY6RknoT5XA~I don't know anything about how authentically Irish the food, decor, or general ambiance is.    What I do know is that ALL of the meat in this restaurant is sourced locally, and is pastured - in the case of the beef, it's 100% grass-fed.  As someone who will ONLY eat local pastured meats, and therefore is limited to vegetarian or pescetarian choices in restaurants, this is an AMAZING gift!  To be in a restaurant that goes out of its way to use these kinds of meats is phenomenal.  To all those who complain about the prices - I guarantee you they are VERY reasonable for this kind of meat!  ...and worth every penny, as far as I'm concerned.    They also use these great paper to-go boxes instead of styrofoam.  I'm thrilled to support any business that goes that much out of its way to support the environment and other local businesses and small agriculture.  As far as the good goes, what we had was awesome.  A couple of Irish coffees (one traditional, one Baileys) to get us warm after coming in from the cold weather, an appetizer of Irish nachos, and entrees were fish-n-chips and shepherd's pie... after the food was so fabulous, we had to try the desserts, even though it meant taking a lot of it home in the aforementioned boxes.  The flourless chocolate cake was good, and the bread pudding was amazing.  We went mid-afternoon, so I can't speak to the crowds, since there weren't any.  The waitress was awesome.  The food was slow, as someone else mentioned, but we were warned ahead of time that it was all made fresh-to-order, so we were already prepared for that.  All-in-all, I highly recommend it, and we'll definitely be going back!~beef nachos chips pie desserts chocolate cake ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~hBqWQU2Ysb58QLFZndhOSA~This place lives up to it's name. The pictures on the walls are bizarre but in a good way. I got a corn on the cob for an appetizer and it was really good. Then I got a chicken burrito. The food was all-around good. Just don't go here if you like basic, boring food. Very interesting place~corn chicken burrito ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~5TtpkYifU42gF2ml8CSghg~We stayed at the hotel right next door and stopped in for dinner. The flatbreads were great and so was the beer and service. The place has a great neighborhood feel and cornhole in the yard. The salad was not a five star salad but we had such a great time it doesn't matter. Maybe don't order the grilled veggie salad though.~salad salad salad ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Sk9TaTXrUEAGAU9z51nAeA~Graze is a diamond in a sea of cheesy, fried spongy roughness. With fresh everything, locally sourced, and well cooked, I couldn't have asked for more.   It is a snazzy place and expensive compared to the rest of Madison, yet very affordable for any other major city I've been in. There is often a wait, unless you are willing o sit at re bar. I ate here 4 times in just 13 non consecutive days, it was spectacular.   You MUST start with the Parmesan truffle popcorn - it is SO good. It seems like the rest of the menu is very seasonal, and changes often. I had a tomato stack in the summer, seasonal veggies in the early fall. Everything was cooked well and did not feel too heavy.   I was disappointed by the pretzel, especially compared to other local places, but the Mac and cheese I had more than made up for it. Even the beet burger was good! I am realizing I might like beers when well done.  Ask for the vegetarian menu if you don't want to be lead wrong. Desserts are not too sweet, so I liked them. The salted cookies and ice cream were great and fresh! I miss graze often and though I never want to move to Madison, I sure do like visiting because of Graze!~popcorn tomato mac and cheese ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~KM0vgUk-ULUSLgViw0TZxQ~First off, I found the layout confusing when I went to pay. Despite having 2 registers at the to-go counter, I was directed to the salad bar with a diminuitive smile and told 'There aren't actually any registers here'. She probably meant that they weren't on, sooo whatever. Not a huge deal but worth mentioning.  I got the muffaletta sandwich with salami for the boy. It was on thick, flavorful bread with cheese, olives, hearty portions of salami and what tasted like pepperoncini. It came with a bag of chips and a cup of soup [I opted for the tortilla] for about $8-9 after tax. The soup was really tasty, made with beef and full of rich umami flavor and vegetables. I saw tomatoes, carrots, corn and lots of herbs.   The sandwich was a generous portion and I like that it came with two sides. I find this comparable to Quizno's 2 items for $6. I'd say this restaurant is much higher quality, though. For a dollar or two more you can get an organic salad topped with a delicious array of toppings. I would like to go in sometime for their salad bar, it looked quite promising from what I could see. My veggie-lovin' self could have an orgy of produce on my plate and be stoked! It looks like a lot of it is organic, too, which is a great thing to see in the middle of the desert.    I like that they serve Sweet Leaf teas in the bottle, I haven't seen them anywhere else!~salad sandwich salami cheese salami chips soup soup beef corn sandwich salad salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~0T1bbYIPHQrx6ralv2FDLg~FAVORITE buffet in Vegas... and that's saying something!  The decor is one of my favorite parts - tons of orange and pink and yellow, ready to WAKE you up from your hangover. The area where the hostess stand is gives you a GORGEOUS view with tons of white backgrounds and light streaming down into the middle area; the majority of the seating, however, is either to the left or right in larger, more traditional dining room areas.   FYI, The line can be super long (and usually is if you're not early), but if you're richer than you are lazy there's a VIP "fast pass" where you can pay I think 18-20 bucks on top of your buffet fees and skip past the line to be seated immediately. I have been guilty of participating because we were determined to make it here before catching a flight, and it was worth it at 11 on a Saturday. Otherwise, be prepared to wait 45-60 minutes during prime time.  Their "Endless Pour" (either $16.99 or 18.99, can't remember off the top of my head) lasts 2 hours ( be aware, they literally write the minute on your receipt and cut you off hard, so pay attention) is awesome. One of the few places with a really good variety - mimosas, sangria, their "Blossom" drink (served with vodka or rum, always dangerous), and the waiters do a good job topping you off/making sure you don't run on empty. Coffee is also delicious (holy trinity on a vegas morning = water, coffee, mimosa).  The food is phenomenal - I definitely feel like I've had better seafood at other places, but for breakfast, Buffet can't be beat. Their mac 'n cheese is unique and yummy, their eggs benedict with salmon is on point, basically everything is amazing. Just when you think you've packed your tummy so full it's impossible to fit more in, BAM! Time to hit the gelato station, with tons of yummy flavors.  Overall, 5/5 for the quality food, good service, and beautiful decor/ambience. My favorite place to get my day started in Vegas.~white coffee coffee cheese eggs benedict salmon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~v01cHjxKLgjc_c1PVrYKGw~The restaurant was packed on a weekday evening which I took as a good sign.    We sat in the bar and got there just in time for the end of Happy Hour. The restaurant interior (very nice) reminds me of something you'd see in a ski town  (e.g. antler chandeliers).    I had the Tortilla soup and the Rotisserie Chicken Flatbread.     The broth for the soup is actually poured tableside into a bowl piled with chicken and tortilla strips.    The chicken is excellent and the broth was flavorful but it could have been hotter.    The flatbread was very large; I would not order it again.   The cheese had an odd texture as if it wasn't real cheese.  My husband had the Big Burger which he loved but could not finish.   Unfortunately we did not have room for dessert but I'll definitely try something next time.~soup chicken soup chicken chicken cheese cheese burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6bICxwuAwlmz2Nj49kf5-A~BEST fried cheese curds I've ever had!  This place is absolutely fantastic.  So many options on the menu--vegan and veggie, too!  Their drinks are original and very tasty.  I love the Korean Bibimbop or the beet/walnut burger.  A little pricey, but totally worth it.  Any foodie should definitely try this place at least once!~cheese beet burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~VHXoPHbz0YNxqtN7OCQxHg~The ribs were delicious!!  Finally a place that the sauce was so good that I would buy a bottle.  The sides too me were nasty (potato salad and cow beans) .  I would buy ribs from here and go to Mrs.Whites for the sides to make the perfect meal.~ribs potato salad ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~Ufm2wGRncO3l_oyV9cnDuA~Third time I have been here in past 3 months.  Go to place for client visits with gorgeous views.  Service is excellent.  The food is great, wish the portions of fish were bigger.  I had Salmon Miso salad today and Ahi Tuna last month.  Both with lots of lettuce and little fish - for $22 please add more fish.~salmon miso salad tuna lettuce ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~6CCzJZ4CuUocfmU1KiMsAQ~We came here for an early lunch while checking out The Strip District. we started with the lobster bisque fries, which were very good. I had the Steel City lobster roll, which was delicious, and my husband had the seared tuna lunch entree. We both really enjoyed our meal. The service was great and attentive.~fries lobster roll tuna ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~Dr9h5xM0fEJ0D4FW-Pncnw~I don't get it. I really don't ....  Big portions don't mean it's good food. But, my family, who lives there in Las Vegas tends to think so. I guess if you pour enough shoyu or chili pepper water on something, you can't taste how bland something is. And that's what I thought about the food my family picked up for a small gathering at my mom's house.   Chicken katsu, fried noodles and teriyaki. Lots of food - gotta give them that. But it stops there. Katsu was not crispy on the outside or moist on the inside. Damp is the word that comes to mind. Teriyaki was overdone. Looked ok at first glance but at first bite, overcooked. Fried noodles was ok. Frying noodles is hard to mess up, like cooking rice. For my taste though, the noodles could have used a little more salt and or shoyu.   To each their own - some may like it because they don't know any better. Others may like it because it's all they can get now. Me, I don't and won't settle because I can and will just fly home if I want to have authentic, Hawaiian BBQ.~chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~GcQqQjowwPto9VDl4hgsOw~My fiance and I ate here on Saturday February 18th. We were visiting Scottsdale for President's Day weekend. We found a sweet deal on a nice hotel and I wanted to eat somewhere affordable, but still have a nice dinner. I went through many yelp reviews and checked out websites. I read many great reviews about Roaring Fork and it wound up winning due to the Green Chile Mac and Cheese evoking our curiosity. We did not have reservations and called to see how long the wait was right before we headed down there. There was very little wait, but we wound up just sitting in the bar. The decor and ambiance of the restaurant was great. It was upscale, but somewhere I could still wear jeans to.    Upon walking in we were greeted by a GIANT wooden door and behind it wonderful smelling mesquite chicken being roasted in a huge fire. The warmth and wonderful smells were welcoming. We decided to order the Big Ass Burger because I had read that it was 1/2 LB, plenty for two people to share. That came with fries and we ordered a wedge salad and a side of Green Chile Mac. The hamburger was seasoned well and surprisingly very moist for being over an inch thick. They split it for us without extra charge. The Green Chile Mac is served in a small cauldron and is the best Mac we have ever had. It is better than Duckaroni, better than Lobster Mac....SO FREAKING GOOD! The service was fantastic and more than expected for bar seating. It was the perfect amount of food for two people and even after a drink or two, the bill came out around $60.00. We had plenty of space, weren't rushed and it was quiet for the bar section. It was a great date night and we will be coming back on our next trip to AZ.~mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ae1yV7N2VKK37yFWM4Qf8Q~I loved this not sure why the bad reviews. Just stayed at the encore and had two buffet passes, went both times during brunch and the food was delish! Took a little while to get drinks but they bring you a whole thing of coffee for your table and any think you want minus alcohol. I went to Bellagio and this blew their buffet out of the water. Don't be discouraged by the past bad reviews just check it out for yourself. The fruit, french toast, pizza and sushi all tasted great. The only thing I'd say is the dessert were kind of dry and the OJ was way too pulpy. Tip if recommend is get a line pass and book your stay where it includes the passes so it's free !!!~coffee french toast sushi ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~nhBdp8TTIEhLQHbQH_We8w~After taking several bites from the potato salad, I had a feeling that my stomach was just gonna burst. It was terrible! They didn't even have chicken available when we ate there. Definitely do not recommend.~potato salad ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gvo0c92l2rtxemgGO4OsZg~Seriously people...I walked out of here in a food coma! DELICIOUS!!! Try their truffle popcorn and cheese board.~popcorn cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~QLDRGXE7OgsakuT8D5cFTQ~Overall, a solid place. We were one of the first people in the door. The venue has beautiful high ceilings and smart decor. I particularly like the giant shelves behind the bar.   The waitstaff were attentive and friendly. I wish I had gotten the name of our nice server. She was knowledgeable and had good suggestions without being too pushy.   We started with the charcuterie plate. It was well flavored country style meats accompanied with delicious homemade pickles and a great ground mustard. The best of the three would be the duck terrine. I was surprised at how good the head cheese was.  For cocktails, we had 4: Marquez Collins, The Manhattan, The B___ (gah! Why can't I remember the name! It was an aperol white whiskey cocktail), and their seasonal punch. The drinks were overall good, but could use some work on balance. Considering the price and the reputation, I was expecting a higher level of attention to detail and execution. For instance, the collins had a hole-y ice which quickly watered it down and ruined the balance of the drink. The punch though was a surprisingly good flavorful drink, not overly sweet. Also, the garnishes could be cleaned up. The ends of the orange garnish on the B_ cocktail could have been cleaned up.   As for the food, we had the pulled pork mac n' cheese and the fish fry special. The fish on the fry was very high quality and cooked perfectly. The batter was very delicate and fit the fish nicely. The tartar sauce was just fantastic. My partner, though, thought that the slaw was slightly under seasoned.  The pulled pork mac n' cheese was great order. While the pork was perhaps a bit too sweetly barbeque, the dish was really tasty.   Our server also brought us the snack mix while we were waiting between orders. I highly recommend the fantastic wild rice puffs in it. However, there was some kind of 'stick' cracker that was so overly greasy that we just could not eat it.  We ended the meal with their snowcones. So cute! It was perfect end!  To sum, we will certainly come back again, but I hope that some of the details that hold this place back from a full 5 stars will be corrected by that time. It's a welcome addition to Madison, a place I'll return to with friends to have a few drinks and some light fare, but for the price it should try to rein in some of the unbalanced parts of the night.~pickles cheese white pulled pork ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~jDu50MgMS5bnnAuJS9dh5Q~I planned to have a birthday dinner at the restaurant as it came highly recommended. I was looking forward to the delicious food that I heard so much about. We started with amazing appetizers and a great server named Davin (sorry if it's spelled wrong). I ordered the calamari and a drink named Paloma. Others at the table got mozzarella sticks, crab cakes, and lobster bisque fries. They were all delicious. Then the Baja shrimp volcano came recommended by the manager named Ryan.  The food lived up to it's hype. We all enjoyed our food. Since it was my birthday I received a complimentary cheesecake. It was delicious. I thank you to the workers who did a phenomenal job caring for me and my friends.  *Reason for 3 stars*  Upon leaving the establishment we were greeted by Mr. Robert Wholey. There were racial comments said that made me and my company feel very uncomfortable.  It's a shame good food went to waste. I will not recommend anyone to go here if these are the ideals that are upheld.~appetizers mozzarella sticks fries shrimp ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VR6vaAFFI1O1i6OuT2FxUw~This is a fancy fine dining restaurant with a casual feel. The food is definitely under priced. For most of the summer, drinks are cheap and food is half off for the all day happy hour to entice the locals. During the winter, you can't get into this place. It is packed, so reservation is recommend. The food is described as American Southwest. The best three choices to have for the first visit. Is the Famous "BIG_ASS" Burger, Green Chile Pork Stew, & Lamb Fondue. These choices will hit the spot and hit the wallet for 10 bucks with tip a person.~burger pork lamb ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sFmyPkYrgTW0k-GYmxvCNw~The food, drinks and atmosphere of this restaurant are awesome! A group of us came here for dinner one night and everything tasted delicious. The drink menu, like many of the drink menus I've seen at restaurants in Madison, was really unique. I had a ginger drink (I forget the name, but it was good!) and the carrot-ginger soup. The rest of the group had the Graze burger which was sooo delicious, as were the fries and dipping sauce! Oh and the cheese curds were ridic!  I'm itching to come here again for brunch. The location is awesome, right on the square with glass walls so you can see everything. The waitstaff is nice and the prices are great!~ginger carrot ginger soup burger fries cheese ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~0Zm19ZyG2KEb8zRcKjn7BQ~I'm a huge Big Burrito fan, especially the Mad Mex branches.  I've been to the one in Greentree, Oakland, East Liberty, McKnight and now this one!  In my experience they have all been consistent in terms of the quality of food and service.    I love me some wing-o-rito (southwestern sauce please) with waffle fries.  I recently discovered you can get a tofu burrito with the same options of wing sauces - score!  The location of this place is interesting - it seems a bit removed but maybe it seems that way because I'm not from the Robinson area.  In any case it wasn't difficult to get to and parking was plentiful on the evenings I've been there.~burrito waffle fries tofu burrito ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~p5ZdP4-HNmSIPUtWMog1fw~I have never paid so much money for such bad food. Corn was watery. Steak was tough, thin, and generally gross.~corn steak ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~xK2OLeZltGSzX0chJl6lGw~I went here with my boyfriend last night.  We opted for the happy hour on the patio.  I really liked that the happy hour runs all night long.  And they got great prices! $5 glasses of wine and cocktails.  My boyfriend got the big burger for only $10 he said it was good but he likes other burgers from other places better. I Got the fish tacos, the fish was really tasty, but the tortillas were cold.that's the reason why I gave it a 4 star instead of 5. I got to say I loved our server; she was very nice and attentive.~burger burgers tacos tortillas ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~l1Hedo_ulrwXZg6VuXOxnw~Roaring Forks is one of the best restaurants I've been to in a while. A couple friends took me here to celebrate my birthday. For appetizers, we decided on the green chile pork which is served with tortillas and pork wings served with vegetables and a Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce. The green chili pork was flavorful and had a little spice to it but it was not overwhelming. I didn't really know what to expect with the pork wings but they took me by surprise. They were very tasty and tender. The Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce was just icing on the cake. For dinner, I had the buttermilk fried chicken breast with mashed potatoes. The skin was a nice golden brown with a crunch and the chicken breast itself was juicy. I believe they used red potatoes for the mashed potatoes and gravy. The mashed potatoes were good but didn't blow me away. But then again they are just mashed potatoes. I also had a huckleberry margarita to compliment my meal.~appetizers pork tortillas pork pork pork cake fried chicken ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~DvG3e5Xqq3KJ_Qbv3_Sk6g~It has been a while since we've dined at Elements, so we decided to drop in for dinner last week.  It was 6:30 pm on a Thursday and we were able to get seated immediately with no reservation.  After browsing the menu, we decided to order:  Bottle of 2011 Edge Cabernet, $50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=H0EVCkIUGi99mUMFWJhn-g#H0EVCkIUGi99mUMFWJhn-g  Iced Shellfish Platter, $36 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=hNpp4h_HpdQQeEItypxVsw#hNpp4h_HpdQQeEItypxVsw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=7A1cAyB1n_CGFibC94nO5Q#7A1cAyB1n_CGFibC94nO5Q  Wedge Salad, $14 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=ZLZ80iAimkaw6DvsKzP-3g#ZLZ80iAimkaw6DvsKzP-3g  Pepper Encrusted Filet, $44 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=gyhoMxTOhxyW0rpzv4tlAg#gyhoMxTOhxyW0rpzv4tlAg  Hudson Valley Foie Gras, $24 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=VBVpkMDbAofUXa9PBU5Cfw#VBVpkMDbAofUXa9PBU5Cfw  Irish car bomb, $11 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=BTMQF5GK_IDSaphESOST8Q#BTMQF5GK_IDSaphESOST8Q  S'mores $11 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=BIkjxuFzsIJUT4_TMQikkw#BIkjxuFzsIJUT4_TMQikkw  Ladgate 20 yr Tawny Port, $14  For starters, the Better Half had the Shellfish Platter and was very pleased with it.  It's not as large of a portion as it sounds, but it can be shared between 2 or 3 people.  I had the Wedge Salad, which was too sweet and "soggy" for my tastes.  As you can see in my photo, the Salad had dressing on the bottom of the Salad and was also topped with Pickled Onion, Tomato, and Avocado....it was missing that "crisp crunch" that I love about Wedges.  I won't order it again.  For the main course, TBH had the Foie Gras, which she devoured....she loved it.  I had the Pepper Encrusted Filet which was also awesome and cooked perfectly just a shade above Medium.  The Filet was full of flavor and the portion was just right.  To compliment our entree's we had a bottle of 2011 Edge Cabernet, which hit the spot.  For dessert, we had the Irish Car Bomb and the S'mores....the Irish Car Bomb was awesome.  The S'mores was good too, but very rich and we couldn't finish it.  They have a nice selection of after dinner drinks, so I had a glass of Ladgate 20 yr Tawny Port to go with dessert.  The wait staff is very attentive here and gave us impeccable service throughout dinner.  That's one of the reasons why we love this place.  Return Factor - 100%~salad salad salad salad onion tomato avocado ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~yPn0lY14zvJaPOMy30R0oA~Been wanting to try Honey Bear's for a while, was planning to go visit Town Talk ll. But since I start work at 5:00am, and take lunch around 10:00 - 10:30. Town Talk doesn't open until 11:00, and Honey Bear's opens at 10:00! Honey Bear's sits right next to another of my favorites(Best of Philly).  When you walk in, there's a counter right in front of you. Menu is a little confusing, but just tell them what you want. Even though it was lunch, I had a half slab of pork ribs with potato salad. Their ribs are probably my second or third favorite ribs I have eaten. Ribs have a lot of meat, very good smoke taste, not the tenderest ribs I have had but nothing wrong with it. Potato salad was very good also, little different from what I am use to.  Price wise is about what is expected for ribs. Half slab of ribs(meaty), potato salad, order of fries, plus a drink. for about $20.00 Very happy with my meal, will diffidently come back.~honey honey honey pork ribs potato salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~psx9fKq5Jxolq-AOMCk38Q~The only bad thing about Roaring Fork is trying to find it and parking your car in a office building parking lot. Once you get inside everything is great, even if you end up sitting on the patio. I've taken a date there, gone to happy hour with the guys, and even treated the parents to a good steak. Green chile appetizer is unique and the Big Ass Burger is phenomenal. Beer and wine selection is fantastic, only draw back is I'm always too full for dessert.   TIP: Go on Monday's for all day happy hour!~date steak burger ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~msKB7vWmZFaqFQY2Rqhfew~This restaurant has good food but took way too long for food to be made. Some people waited for 25 minutes even though others who ordered in front already got their food. They also ran out of chicken at 2 pm...~chicken ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~xULneQYF5obMlzGf4Cc8RQ~Personally, I enjoy Prarie Girl cupcakes.   I'm slightly biased because I love cheese and I can actually taste it in their  cream cheese icing. I don't really like their other options since they all just taste like sugar. That's the main issue with their cupcakes, actually; they're all too sweet.   It's also unfortunate when the cake can't hold up the weight of the icing which WILL flop/shift off the cupcake in a short period of time that involve natural body movements.  The overall atmosphere is nice and well thought-out. Their cupcakes are physically appealing and taste (generally) really good - especially with coffee. Unfortunately, they are pricey cupcakes.~cupcakes cheese cream cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~R0VPrBSbTWZG0-IdeYJAjw~Beautiful setting with good buffet food but the wait and host/hostess staff were bad.  When they were seating us they sat our party & 2 others at the same time & I overheard the first party say there were 10 of them & the hostess said "well I don't know nothin' about no party for 10, this is for 2, you guests be gettin' on my nerves today," and some other rant and rave-nothing that was very pleasant or hostess like. Then we sat there for several minutes waiting for someone to take our drink order & when I saw the waiter serving the table next to us I asked if we could have coffee & juice, and after we got it we NEVER saw him again.  Won't go back.~coffee ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gRPkWNGxdQ61TI9TJRq_HA~I came here on a weekday afternoon with my cousin and a friend for a light lunch. The floor to ceiling windows give you a great view of the capitol building and the cocktail list is lovely - we were able to try a few things we've never thought of before! The menu is limited but eclectic; great for small taster plates with few substantial options.   Our waiter was patient and attentive and the vibe of the place is overall pretty great.   If you're very hungry I'd save this place for later, but if you want to chill out and try their cheese plate, make a trip. I believe there's also a bakery here (?) or at least affiliated.~cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~c9quZl_o9elRzykTH0sqKQ~We waited about 10 minutes for the VIP brunch (which is the typical brunch plus one cocktail). Its about $49 and change when tax is added in. We avoided a really long line so it was nice to get in quickly. If you indulge in this brunch buffet package, don't get the blood mary. The bloody mary at Wynn was about as confusing and unsatisfying as drinking hot tea in a swimming pool mid-August. Being southern, my expectations might be high, but since the bloody mary is one of the classic "hangover cocktails", I figured Wynn could get it slightly right. It's basically thin, sour tomato juice with vodka--no pepper, no spices. My friends ordered mimosas which they said were good, so order that instead! The coffee was actually pretty good though.   Definitely try the prime rib with some creamy horseradish on the side. It's pink, tender, juicy--the horseradish adds some light zing. Great combo! I went back for seconds on that. The green beans were crunchy, lightly seasoned and buttery. Whatever you do, grab a cup of the fresh grapefruit with brown sugar and fresh mint chiffonade...excellent! I'm going to make that at home from now on!   The dessert counter is very pretty---each dessert portion is a small work of art. As for flavor? Not so much. However, the coconut sorbet is a winner (for people who love coconut like I do). If I go back I'll definitely sample each of the various sorbet flavors instead of the other desserts.   The shrimp cocktail was fresh but average. Nothing else other than the grapefruit, sorbet and prime rib blew me away. The dining area is average, but the entryway (decorated in bright blue hydrangeas) is gorgeous---as is the casino. Wynn is definitely a place to walk through atleast once if you don't stay, gamble and/or eat there.~tea tomato coffee horseradish horseradish green beans grapefruit brown coconut coconut desserts shrimp grapefruit ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~YEd8kAExg_gdzhOT-75eYQ~We went here before the end of 2013 and had a wonderful evening out. We hit up Graze for my significant others birthday and we were very glad with our choice. Having gone out on a Friday night, I knew there would be a wait but I also knew that Graze utilizes a website that will allow you to see where you are on the wait-list. We put our names in, and headed down the corner to grab a beer at a not-soo packed bar while we waited. When we saw that our names were soon on the list, we headed back to Graze. We were seated at one of the front tables that overlook the capital. I had a fantastic drink-I believe it was the "Keep your gin up" and the birthday boy had a take on a Moscow mule. I'm not a big meat eater, but I couldn't help but enjoy the bites of the Graze burger that were shared with me. The meat was seared perfectly on the burger and the onions were caramelized to perfection with just the right amount of sweetness to them. I ordered the bibimbap and didn't regret my decision there either. The crispy rice was amazing in contrast to the egg and the spicy sauce that it came with. We had been to Graze in the spring of 2013, and the trip we took at the end of 2013 completely surpassed the first visit in every way possible. The staff was prompt, courteous, and made great recommendations.~burger burger egg ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~WoI4PVD8DppnskZMzvjPOA~Don't go here if you are trying to eat healthy...too many temptations at every turn. I had amazing scallops for dinner, but only after eating a ridiculous amount of bread.  The hamburgers in the bar looked and smelled incredible.  I like the spicy spin they put on most of the dishes...mac and cheese is KILLER.~mac and cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~li8G9R8WRTV9bUziWyFaLg~I am here a minimum of once a week, best chicken noodle soup ever.Great sandwiches and salads, salad bar rocks, and the complimentary yogurt / ice cream is a nice touch.Lunch crowd can be huge but take that as a good sign,  I always do.~chicken soup sandwiches salads salad ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~KljbB2cWM42AxIZRJzckIw~The Gist:  Layout is exactly like The Buffet at Bellagio.  Food is better!  Get  in line before 12PM on a Sunday.  Came here on recommendation.  We were disappointed with Bellagio so we weren't sure what to expect when we arrived at The Buffet at The Wynn considering the layout is exactly the same.  However,  I feel the quality of preparation is a lot better than the Bellagio.      I recommend to get in line before 12 PM on a Sunday.  We got there around 11 AM and there was already a line.  By 12 the line had extended into the main corridor.   Your're bound to find something you like here.  But remember to save room for dessert, especially the little strawberry cupcakes and coffee gelato.~cupcakes coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~GukA-ntEgRaiVyg9ZWwrGA~Had the noodle bowl for lunch last week, yuck. I couldn't finish it because it was so tasteless, and the soft boiled egg in it was just weird. I had lunch there before and had the hamburger and cheese curds and both were so good. Will not let the noodle bowl stop me from going again.~egg hamburger cheese ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~wARDOSjxPiDNZMJ8ZNrewQ~So tasty. So unhealthy.  A guilty pleasure if you like South Asian food.  Yummy naan, good paneer, all dishes we tried made for a flavourful fast-food experience.   Great for take-out or grabbing a quick lunch.~paneer ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~LAI_wkzLgWDo1sHvcQ5i9w~Ohhhhhhh gosh. I hate to do this. I really do. I was so disappointed in this buffet. I mean. When you think of the Wynn, you think of superlative decadent food in an oppulent setting. I mean, that was the expectation. So my boyfriend is playing a tournament there and I get in line for the lunch buffet. It took an hr. So I was so excited for delicious food. The cheese board had vermont white cheddar and a gouda and one other that was not memorable. They had turkey on the cutting board. They didn't have oysters. The mussels didn't even looking appetizing. I make mussels all the time at home. They could have come up with something way better. The dessert section was small with tons of faux gelato. Gelato is supposed to be dense and chewy. This was ice cream. Also the lemon curd torte had a coolwhip type topping on it. The mozzarella ball things weren't good. The best thing I had was the iced tea. I have a better buffet at Treasure island and Mandalay Bay. It's even better at Thunder Valley. So bummed. Step it up Wynn.~cheese white gouda ice cream lemon mozzarella tea ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~KLRE5G_4HHtQU7p_YV6nLA~I love everything about this restaurant.  The owners got it all right, from atmosphere, seasonal punch, appetizers, breakfast pastries, off hours menu, and dessert; I couldn't have come up with a better concept.    Ok, let me tell you about my favorites!  Breakfast - chocolate crissont  Lunch- Ramen Noodle Bowl Appetizer - pickle plate, cheese boards, pork buns, soft pretzel, deviled eggs, oh and the popcorn will truffle oil!!!! Cocktail - Any seasonal punch, I have tried a cherry brandy, hard cider, and stone fruit Dinner- Chicken and Waffle or Friday fish Fry Dessert- any pie-these are the same ones they serve a L'Etolle and they are amazing, but I hate to down play the fresh chocolate chip cookies, cupcakes, or icy with seasonal syrups (I had rhubarb)  Everything is made with exceptional thought and detail.  They pride themselves on local and sustainable.  If you want L'Etoile quality, but lower prices and very relaxed atmosphere, you need to try out Graze.~appetizers pastries ramen cheese pork popcorn cherry chicken waffle pie chocolate chip cookies ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ev7Lztol3qkWDs1IyKmZJA~Graze offers inventive and delicious food without pretention or clich. From burgers, fried chicken, and the best cheese curds in Madison to pork buns, bimbimbap, and grilled smoked tofu, no taste goes unsatisfied.    My first experience at Graze came on a warm April night.  As I walked in, I was immediately struck by the all-glass walls that bathed the entire restaurant in the bright lights of Capitol Square. My group and I were led through the lively dining room to our table, and we began to pore over the eclectic menu.   I ordered the pork buns as an appetizer along with the rainbow trout.  We also split an order of cheese curds for the table. The curds were crispy, melty, squeaky, deep-fried perfection. Paired with a house-made ranch sauce, they were a perfect start to our meal at Graze.  Next were the pork buns, which momentarily transported me from Capitol Square to a large dim sum banquet hall.  Pillowy steamed buns gave way to rich pork belly and sweet hoisin sauce, with crunch kimchee providing artfully balanced acidity.  The rainbow trout was the least memorable of the dishes, but was stll very tasty. The fish was lightly seared with crispy skin and flaky flesh.  Lightly sauted greens and a tarragon vinaigrette provided a pleasant finish to the dish.  Graze is a fantastic restaurant with inventive food, impressive service, and a dining room humming with excitement.  As is the case at many great restaurants, the entrees don't quite measure up to the more whimsical small plates.  But it hardly seems fair to complain after a meal as good as this one!~burgers fried chicken ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~ossBYJzx08dBFdiToL7gGQ~This particular location tends to draw in more families with children than the other locations, so it can get noisy and the acoustics are pretty bad - lots of hard surfaces.  A friend had a wedding reception at this location and the service was great and very accommodating.  This may have been because they were guaranteed a big, BIG tip, but either way I was pleased.  If you're a hardcore fan of authentic Mexican food, this is probably not the place for you.  The enchiladas remind me more of chilaquiles - definitely more layered than rolled.  The burritos are huge but it really drives me crazy how segmented they are.  One bite will be all rice, the next will be all meat.  The tofu tacos are okay, but the bean sprouts seem like a weird addition.  I know, you're probably thinking "What DOES this girl like about Mad Mex?"  If you can let go of any previous Mexican food experiences (or if you've never had Mexican food before, as I hadn't when I first went to Mad Mex), some things are ok.  The tofu tacos minus the bean sprouts.  The California grilled salad.  The chickpea chili and black bean soup, the potato taquitos.  Nachos, chips & salsa, and guacamole are all decent.  Their sides are ridiculously huge and the desserts are all ok (except the sopapillas).  Basically, stick to the least authentic stuff and you should be fine.  Additionally, some of their entrees are available with your choice of either chicken, steak, shrimp, portobello mushrooms or tofu.  They have tons of vegetarian options.  They have good happy hour deals and good late night margarita deals.  They have raspberry, strawberry, mango, and kiwi margaritas year round, with one or two seasonal flavors per month, plus a full bar, a bunch of tequilas and a huge, varied beer list that tends to focus on local beers.  So basically: the less you know about Mexican food, the less disappointed you will be.  If you're a fan of authentic Mexican food, either stick to something more basic like a salad, or pick a different restaurant.~chilaquiles burritos tofu tacos bean sprouts tofu tacos bean sprouts salad soup potato taquitos nachos chips salsa desserts chicken steak shrimp mushrooms tofu mango salad ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kykTkZcLlXTSeQUMsdkZlQ~Cupcakes - they're just smaller (expensive) cakes, aren't they ?  A pal and I went to Prairie Girl Bakery at about 1:30 on a weekday. There was no line and we were served right away.   PGB make a variety cupcakes, from your classic buttermilk cupcake with chocolate frosting to a banana peanut butter one. I ordered 2 mini cupcakes and it cost me about $4.   Golden Buttermilk Cupcake w Strawberry Frosting : not bad, not too sweet, moist, way too much frosting  Rebecca's Red Velvet Cupcake: a little dry, bland taste, way too much frosting  If I could a Venn Diagram, both cupcakes had way too much frosting.   It was a nice treat that was reasonable in price; however, no 'wow' factor.  I'm a-ok with not knowing when I'll have a PGB cupcake again.  A three star here.~cupcakes cupcakes banana peanut butter ~3 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~zp4DSh-TErWeEyrhQyf5qQ~It was good! We went when it was close to closing so we felt a little rushed but all in all good my husband only ate the salad bar area I ate from everywhere haha~salad ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~KWUVTVz8Z5HWVYzwRQFVJA~New Years Eve, three course meal with wine pairing.   First time here, check in was a little long and delayed for some reason with an awkward silence but I'm not even gonna deduct anything for that because we had a great time at Graze.   We started out with some rice popcorn and truffle oil. Omg. Addicting. A little Parmesan dust on it. My first drink was a nice citrus with gin. Very good. Can't remember the name of it.   Appetizers were a Scottish egg perfectly cooked. Second time ever having one and this one out did the last one I had by far. My wife had the foie gras with short ribs. Very very good. My second drink was a Pinot wine. Excellent pairing.   Onto dinner, two different meals. My wife's lobster style poutine with gnochi was very cheesy and heavy. Almost a little too greasy and heavy. Tasted good but maybe would of chosen something different if we would of known how greasy it was going to be. Had us at lobster. I had a GREAT pork loin with lentils. First time having lentils. Delicious cherry sauce that complimented the pork perfectly. Wasn't familiar with my third glass of wine but went well with the pork.  NOW...the show stopper of the night. The cheesecake with rhubarb and chocolate cake were to die for. Absolutely, hands down thee best deserts I think we've ever had. My port wine was delicious as well but I can't rave enough about these desserts. Amazing.   Great service and a top notch place. We definitely went to come back and sample the rest of the menu.~popcorn appetizers egg ribs pork lentils lentils cherry pork pork rhubarb chocolate cake ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~yt1qv-sJT35COhBe626h3Q~I passed here many times, but never really gave it a chance until Saturday, July 5 after exiting the car adjacent car wash where my friend was getting his car washed. Entered the place and I was greeted by the cashier who made me feel right at home. Great selection of traditional Pakistani/Indian plates at your disposition, I ordered two Butter Chicken specials to go and was extremely pleased with the serving size, price, and taste.  Regardless of all the negative reviews on here (they're more like whiners than diners), I will definitely will be coming here more to try out more selections in the near future.~butter chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~mJP8OgyBAZZzwIGXEoARiw~I am a seafood lover.. Not ever terribly picky.. But, I do pride myself on having a rather diverse seafood palette.. This was some of the best food I have ever had the pleasure eating! We had the sired ahi tuna & sauted calamari as appetizers.. (Of course complimented with their famous Bloody Marys.. Which by the way has 20 some ingredients that all adds together for the BEST Bloody Mary of my life! I have craved one ever since leaving Pittsburgh!) But, I digress.. My boyfriend & I split the "Land & Sea" which included a 6 oz filet mignon, grilled shrimp, scallops & delicious mashed red potatoes. So, in conclusion, if you ever have the pleasure of going to Pittsburgh & only have a chance to eat at one restaurant.. Make it this one! You won't regret it!  p.s. I forgot to mention the EXCELLENT waitress we had named Nonika (i'm horrible with names, so it may not be that) whose service was not only impeccable but professional & charismatic to boot.~tuna appetizers shrimp ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~Gx3nsqcKESkuqf4zY3wU3Q~Oh thank god! A deli that delivers and caters. They rescued my butt for a business meeting while in Vegas and their food was very nice. Got the usual sandwiches and salads and cookies and chips.  Prompt and courteous. Exactly what I needed.  Next time, I'm going to have to ask for them to make sure to include utensils so we didn't all have to share the 2 knives and 3 forks for the salad for 10.~sandwiches salads cookies chips salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~azy1cujez3yeNnv45I-N7Q~Went here for breakfast and was glad they had salmon breakfast options since I don't like just getting any kind of breakfast all the time. They have refillable fresh squeezed orange juice and give you a pot of coffee if you ask. Got here a little before lunch so I was able to have best of both worlds. Loved the fresh sushi and poke on a bed of seaweed salad. Favorite dessert item is the tapioca with passion fruit. Interior reminds me of Bellagio which is really nice like a garden from a dream.~salmon coffee sushi salad passion fruit ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~DgldfuEnFOKIDmokJWpRLA~Wanted to have a nice ambiance and good food while on the a business trip here. Found BJ location quite nearby and it didn't disappoint. I hadn't try there sandwich before so gave a shot for the chicken club sandwich with thin fries. I have to say the bread and chicken used is perfect combo with just the correct seasoning.  I also tried the italian soda - orange flavor, it was yummy and free refills :)~sandwich chicken sandwich fries chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gR70iUxRrBRlqhKN4hufYw~I love Graze! Highlight is their cheese curds -- they're the best in town, in my opinion.~cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MZceNVIQCCZtXLrs5Fi4XA~I've been here twice and absolutely loved it both times.  I always have a super hard time deciding what to get because everything looks so good, and to make it harder everything I've actually tried has been amazing.   Items I've had include:  -Cheese Curds (not quite on par with the Old Fashioned's but very close)  -Mac 'n Cheese w/pulled pork  -Pub Burger  -Cheesecake  -The Marquez Collins cocktail (or the Marques Colston as my friends and I enjoy calling it)  -Really Magic Coffee cocktail   Considering the location and menu the prices are very reasonable (though you can ring up the bill pretty fast with those cocktails).  On top of all that the atmosphere is awesome, especially at night when you can look over Capitol Square. And while the wait is usually a bit long (30-45 minutes) you can usually find a place at the bar and hang out there in the mean time. Service is good too, everyone seems really friendly and helpful in explaining the menu and checking on you throughout the meal.  In sum, it's a great place to go to dinner with friends. Great view, great food, tolerably priced, and unlike its neighbor/partner L'etoile, you can actually feel relaxed while you're there and not feel self conscious about belting out in laughter.~cheese pulled pork ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3Y_b8QojBGvOFAM1wVpGsg~The appetizers were very good (cheese curds, bread basket), however disappointment came with the main course. $20 burger was dry and disappointing, and the Mac and cheese was way to creamy to enjoy, which was a pity because it had a decent aged taste.~appetizers cheese burger mac and cheese ~1 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~ld5jU0erkpW7WtOjQpPYHQ~When I purchased dinner as a silent auction item, I knew it would be amazing, but I didn't know what would truly be included in the "Dinner for Two".  On our early arrival, we went to the Jade bar to wait for our reservation. See review for that spot soon. Once it was time for our reservation, we were taken outside with a heater and the sunset began. Our server was amazing!!! We handed him our silent auction item and he gladly proclaimed, "everything is on us tonight, including gratuity, so you just have to take care of your drinks and we will be on our way!". We were literally blown away -he told us we could order anything off the menu and as much as we wanted.  We didn't want to be too greedy, so we figured we would stick with the app, meal, dessert mentality. What we didn't realize were how HUGE the portions are and how much food that ended up being!   App: we started with the calamari and the escargot pot pie. Both delicious. The calamari was a more traditional preparation of what I was used to...no no no, no marinara sauce here people, I mean sweet and spicy and lightly dressed and battered so you got the tenderness and not the overpowering bread and sauce. Escargot pot pie you ask? Amazing. Light cream sauce in a homemade fluffy puff pastry top-not chewy in the least.  Next, we had soup and salad. The soup was a potato soup with scallops and the salad was a light and refreshing daikon and apple with a light black pepper dressing topped with nuts and pomegranate seeds. I loved the salad and hubby loved the soup. I liked the base of the soup but the scallops tasted fishy to me.  For dinner, hubby had the market special of black bass (I think) with rice and veggies and I had the Korean braised short ribs with kimchi fried rice and veggies. A-MAZ-ING. We were so full at this point that I was lucky enough to have leftovers which were even better the next day.   We had a few glasses of wine and the server even brought out an extra drink that was made, an in house pear infused vodka drink! YUM. We will definitely be going back here for special occasions with friends and have already been back to the Jade bar just to enjoy being close to the kitchen and vibes.~pie pie soup salad soup potato soup salad apple pomegranate salad soup soup ribs fried rice pear ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FP99OqFbEzXmslGR616y1g~Clearly I'm the odd man out on this one, but unfortunately I wasn't totally wow'd by this place.  I wanted to be, but I just wasn't.    Truthfully, I'm not sure I would ever be wow'd by a buffet.  Don't get me wrong, a lot of the food I tried was good, but nothing was a total standout.  Well, except for the bread pudding.  It may have been the best thing I tried.    The wait looked long, but it only took us about 30 minutes to get through at noon on a Sunday.  Price was reasonable at $34/pp for the no champagne option.  The service was pretty good - plates were cleared away promptly and our drinks were refilled w/o having to ask.    The fare was typical of other buffets and the only things that were truly memorable were the spicy beef with long beans, coffee ice cream and (again) the bread pudding.  Everything else was just ..... good, normal, decent, but certainly not special.    Would I go here again?  I really don't think so.  I'd rather try some of the other buffets out there.~beef coffee ice cream ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qY91tkxbn7dUcgEuX6NOyg~The Green chile mac and cheese was incredible! Everything is fresh and so delicious!  Husband had the half chicken and raved about the corn stuffing. All their ingredients have a southern flair but not as greasy! Def recommend!~mac and cheese ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~ZC8lzmOd65iZq2Uyro1o6g~The food is amazing, especially anything on their pretzel buns.  The staff is all very friendly and dangerously close to too good looking.  Most places I frequent I end up finding one dish they make that I just stick to.  I can't do that here, with the exception of the Shrimp BLT I have loved everything I've tried and can't pick a favorite.    Try anything on a pretzel bun, you won't be disappointed.~shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~apDfWn3nzsTz8o5i-lGkdA~So I tried this place out this past weekend.   The host greeted us,  not the most friendly older gentleman who told us while pointing where to sit & apparently couldn't walk us to our table nor hand is menus. We waited patiently for a server to come to our table. Server finally came,  my friend & I ordered 2 cosmopolitans. When we got our drinks ...we took a sip of our drinks. .. looked at each other & knew we couldn't drink these drinks. .. just awful tasting. Can't even tell you what was wrong because they tasted just rotten. Ordered an appetizer & asked if we could have new drinks. .. wine instead as we figured that'd be safer. Server was quick to say sure & scampered off to the bar. .. we then watched as our server mocked us to the bartender ... we know this because we could SEE her & could hear it. Lucky for us no spit. Lol. Comes back, we have our wine.  Appetizer came shortly afterwards. The food was great. I love peel ' n eat shrimp, these were fabulous.  All in all food good, customer service shitty. I'll give it another try as I hope for a better experience. ...if not better on round 2, you'll hear about it.~shrimp ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~D29rr2ek_kpdVoonRikGjA~The Roaring fork was conveniently located across from the resort my girlfriend and I stayed at for NYE. We were able to make it for Happy Hour and was pleasantly surprised to find several tempting options on the modified menu. When I walked in and saw another couple eating, I saw that the guy had a big ass burger. Me being a typical guy, I looked to my girlfriend and asked if I could have a big ass burger, as if I was a kid that needed permission to spoil myself. When I sat down and looked at the menu looking for the big ass burger that I saw, and there it was on the menu: "The Big Ass Burger". I was like damn, didn't really think they'd call it that.~burger burger burger burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Z7MLAqxQwLW4YlPnhBX--g~While this place is in a weird spot, in a business building, it offers a fantastic happy hour. Great food specials.  The burger is HUGE and soooo good and for under $10?  The chile/cheese appectizer is amazing as well. I've never had bad food here.~burger cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~j9HYd9gPyY7uizzaSaYjBA~Atmosphere -4/5  Service- 5/5 -- a nicely dressed manager came around and made sure  everything was okay; the waiter cleared the crumbs from our  table twice. We shared  dishes, they split our plates without us even asking them to.  The service was better than a lot of haute cuisine places we've gone to.   Food-4/5---  we love the "big ass' burger, the cheese grits with jalepeno was surprisingly delish.  We like RF a lot, has one of the best burgers in Phx.  We like to catch the happy hour someday.~burger cheese grits burgers ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~GmR18S7UqzrTonfOOsOK2Q~the decor fits warmly with the ethos of graze rather well. the atmosphere is lively but intimate. the wine list is surprisingly well-curated and the cocktails look fetching enough.  - the deviled eggs are forgettable but the smoked paprika aioli? holy damn.  - the gratin is a little confusing to consume at first but it's a lovely simple dish for the cold season. - the mac-n-cheese (minus the pork) was simply delectable. - the artesian rainbow trout was perfectly seared. - the curry vinaigrette in the warm farro salad was tasty.    all in all, this place defines gastropub.~cheese pork salad ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~M5r-k1wTXsO5-rsmovsRTQ~First of all, Elements should be $$$$ on yelp and not $$$.  Our bill per head (of course with alcohol) in a private room was ~ 370 person for three course meal We had 30 guests Do the math haha We also dined in the main dining room and per head was about 125 person Overview of booking and finalizing dinner for private room Christine and her staff were wonderful to work with They were very accommodating esp when I wanted the room to be set up a certain way At times it was difficult to get a hold of her since she s so busy She is actually doing two jobs Onto the food I ordered 1 Farmers market salad 3 5 this was just OK 2 Miso glazed salmon 5 5 WOW this dish is phenomenon Our guests were raving about this dish and said this was one of the best salmon dishes ever 3 Hoisin braised short ribs 5 5 another WOW delicious Just the right portion I skipped dessert since I was so full After 2 hours I regretted not ordering desserts hahah~salad: miso salmon ribs - desserts... 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~I233o0-xvhAV6ZQggNBqPw~it's a typical deli/diner... but today i tried the chicken salad... and i do like the pineapple and almonds in the salad... slight bit of sweetness, moist, and smooth!  :)~chicken salad pineapple salad ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ajU00xCvBHO4fz17FGpHIg~Happy Hour menu is incredible. The Big Ass Burger is incredible.  The green chile pork, incredible.  I would probably never eat at the actual restaurant, due to its price... but they know how to host a happy hour.~burger pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~1enhyROHWyOq1Sk7Hewizw~Solid 4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service. Bumps this place down to 3 stars :/  We went for an early Dinner here around 5pm. The line wasn't too long, maybe about 10 people in front of us.  You wait in line to pay the cashier, then wait in another line to be seated.. It took us about 45 minutes from the time of entering the first line to get seated.   We we were finally at the front of the line, I felt like I had just won the lotto! I was so excited for food!! We were greeted by the drab hostess who didn't even ask us to follow her but just started walking off.. She plopped us in the seats just 20 ft away from where the line was..  It was basically a foyer where some additional seats were placed.. No view of any of the buffet area at all.. We asked if we could be placed closer to the dining area, and she said, "go wait back in line" .. EW forget it.. we will stay here.  We immediately head to the buffet line and noticed there are PLENTY of tables open.. everywhere. What was with the seating hold up? 30 minutes to be seated? oh.. and the hostesses all look SO frumpy in their hideous air line stewardess want to be uniforms. They all look like they are wearing pink potato sacks.. Not flattering for any figure. Maybe that is why they are so ill tempered there. You would think a nice buffet like this would want their employees to look half decent? I guess not.  Are you supposed to have a server at buffets? Or someone that at least comes to offer you coffee? refill on beverages? Well..I guess not here.. The worker that collected our overdue plates made SURE to avoid eye contact and didn't check on us at ALL. I had to flag down the boss man to ask about our drinks, and he actually went above beyond to personally being us our coffee, and pour it for us. Now THAT'S service... To the server/bus man/scary man.. Why must you mean look at us like you are planning our murder after we spoke to your boss about getting coffee.. and why do you look so familiar.. have I seen you on America's most wanted? *cold shivers* at the memory..  Anyways.. the food was great, They had Veal baby back ribs, juicy tender prime rib, snow crab legs pre-cut, grilled lamb, pea risotto.. The list of yummies goes on and on... I will be back of course.. :) No scary man or moody hostess lady is gonna keep me from GOOD food!  Oh yeah, There seems to be an ATT cell phone dead zone at the buffet.. If you need service, go to the soup area, LOL. Its the only place I found signal .~potato coffee coffee coffee ribs lamb risotto soup ~3 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~9ACjTlanVSc3WxSyNRAauw~We frequent BJ's on girl's nights. They have good food, a casual atmosphere and great beer. I would give it a higher rating if their prices were a little lower for the type of cuisine you get. Can't go wrong with the crispy artichoke hearts, the pizzas or a baked potato.~artichoke baked potato ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OIh_e0QLcEH3-se2muoVIQ~Found this place on Yelp while visiting Scottsdale and SO glad that I did! We ordered the kettle of green chili pork and it was amazing - honestly some of the best that I have ever had. The fish tacos were also really good! After those two dishes the green chili Mac and cheese didn't quite stack up but it was ok. Their happy hour specials are really good as well - just make reservations first or you might have to wait or stalk out a table!~pork tacos mac and cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~78V6JZ-MD62vWp3jUnzhmg~A converted Prairie Girl fan. Even with cupcakes rumoured to be a dying fad in the individual serving dessert trend (whoever said this is blind to the future) PGC has managed to open their third location at Bloor and Avenue. Theres a reason for this, they sell tiny little niblets of tasty fun.  Fair, the cupcakes use too much icing, but what store-bought cupcake doesn't? You can specify in a custom order for less if icing quantity is an issue.  Regardless of its flaws, Prairie Girl will always be a better choice for a sweet fix than any mass produced preservative laden baked good in the First Canadian Place food court, or the Tim Hortons at the bottom of Victoria Street. The cakes they do best are their more complex options. The peanut butter iced banana cupcake is fun, tasty, enjoyable. Loathing carrot cake personally, I really enjoy their presentation of the recipe. Customer service is great, they are really dedicated to pleasing their patrons and have a genuine interest in what feedback they get. They also give leftover cupcakes to Second Harvest; cupcake people are good people. Eating here may result in good Karma...~cupcakes cupcakes peanut butter ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NrNhKvoo9lINjDrG2GVsRQ~Ok, ok.  It is local.  It is homemade.  I get it.   Now the food itself?  It is just ordinary.  It is tasty and good but it is not worth the hype or the wait.  The restaurant does not take reservations.  As a first time diner, it would have been nice to know we could have left our name, ran an errand, received a text and then made our way back.  Instead we had to sit in the drafty entry way.  I was cold for forty minutes waiting for dinner.    We got seated in a great booth.  It was just my husband and I.  I felt guilty because larger parties got passed up.  Nonetheless, it was cozy and very comfortable.  We decided to try the Fried Gnudi.  This is essentially a fancy cheese curd.  It was delicious.  It tastes like a bread stick without bread.  It would have been nice to know what they were.  Instead, we were told they were ricotta like gnocchi.  As a gnocchi eater, I can assure you they were nothing like gnocchi.    Now dinner.  I tried the Mac and Cheese.  I was a bit disappointed.  I do not like strong cheddar.  I asked the waitress whether the cheese had a strong flavor.  Her response?  No, the aged cheddar was a smoky taste that comes out when the cheese is cooked.  I took a chance.  It was beautifully served.  It is a very rich meal.  It is very cheesy and creamy.  However, the cheese taste itself?  It was incredibly strong.  I was not happy with it.  I was told the completely wrong thing.  The portion is also small for $9.  I was kind of upset by this.    We also ordered the pub burger.  We shared each other these meals.  The burger was cooked well but it was a small patty.  It was served on an English muffin.  I am assuming it was homemade.  It was so dense and lacked any type of lightness I have had with other English muffins.    The star of the meal?  The fries with garlic aoli.  Hands down.  Magnificent.    The food was not terrible.  It was good, average food.  The service was good.  The people were nice.  Graze is just not worth all the hype.  Nope.~cheese gnocchi gnocchi gnocchi mac and cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Rxx7YbSyljzSfmbqDq6A9g~I want to begin by saying  the food and the view of the capital were amazing.  We only had a few appetizers, but they all came out hot and delicious.  Don't overlook their popcorn.  It was served in a large portion with plenty of delicious SarVecchio cheese and truffle oil.  Yum.  We also had the cheese curds, which in some establishments can be boring and predictable.  Not here.  The breading was amazing, and the cheese was top notch.  We had a few incredibly friendly and helpful male bartenders.  Unfortunately, they left about half way through our visit, and were replaced by a horribly rude female bartender.  She cut me off abruptly, rolled her eyes, and sighed impatiently when I couldn't pronounce one of their beers (Ouisconsing?  Sorry, I didn't instantly get that one!)   She is the only reason I am taking away stars on the review, because the other bartenders were so amazing...someone has to get that woman a quaalude before the next dinner service!  Excellent bottle and draft beer menu, and their tap house wine was surprisingly high quality. The appetizers were plentifully portioned, and MOST of their servers were top-notch.    Here goes my rant:  I am not taking away stars on this review because of the positive stories I have heard from many friends who enjoy coming here regularly.  I think my experience may have been singular.  We sat at the bar and had a few drinks with our apps.    Unfortunately, a woman felt it would be appropriate to bring her sons to the bar to squeeze into the only open seat next to us, one an infant and one maybe 5,   Okay...  After her infant son nearly knocked over my wine and grabbed my silverware twice, I politely moved my things over about a foot, crowding our own area to avoid a disaster.  Next, her 5 year old son squeezed in between my knees and the bar, kicking my hanging purse with a rhythmic motion.  I quickly unhooked it and put it in my lap.  All the while, I could still feel his hair on my legs and an occasional bumping of his elbow.  OKAY... She finally left, without a word of apology, not even an apologetic smile.   That's my rant on that particular subject.  I think it is perfectly okay to bring your children to any establishment you like, as long as you are able to control them and not hinder anyone else's dining experience.  End of story.~appetizers popcorn cheese cheese cheese appetizers ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9ocwQXqddR72LY-AhEVJDA~Let me start by saying they seem to try really hard to please their customers and some of the dishes were excellent. That said, the 3 star rating is because some weren't excellent and the ambience was challenged on this particular evening because the restaurant was extremely cold. The calamari appetizer was mediocre. The lobster roll would have been excellent if it could be handled. The bun was hard and could not fold to envelop the lobster. That made it open-faced. The crab-stuffed salmon was very good. In the shrimp scampi with linguine, the shrimp were very tasty, but the whole dish seemed a bit heavy. Interesting atmosphere and, with a few more patrons, could have a nice energy. We'd try it again, but the second time has to be a charm.~lobster roll salmon shrimp scampi shrimp ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ns1DHte5Ukjqxc7lyH4CLQ~I find this place very unique and fun! Its a great place to take out of towners... Its colorful, has very unique and quality food, and you have to love a place that has a "Big Ass Burger" on its menu! Its a lively joint, far from romantic, if that's what you're looking for. Not the greatest location, as its almost hard to find if you've never been there before, as its in an office-like complex. But, those minor items aside, I really dig this place and the food is more than outstandng!~burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xUNDJB01ZWq_eZF8OsWDgw~We were starving and headed downtown for a concert and decided that BBQ ribs sounded great. I remembered that I had a an old groupon that I had bought so we decided to try it. When we first walked in it did seem a little ghetto but I know sometimes smaller places are better. We ordered a full slab Of pork ribs and 2 drinks. It came with 2 sides an with tax was about $30. My groupon was for $20 but was expired so I thought I would only get the amount I paid, $10. The only positive thing about our experience was that they honored my groupon for the full $20.  The cashier was not polite at all, not wanting to even take my groupon at first. You could tell he didn't want to be working.  Another employee was sitting in plain sight eating a large plate with no manners and looking gross. I went to get some lemonade and it tasted like water so I dumped it out and got root beer. About 10 min after we sat down they called our number but only to say that they were out of ribs! The place had 2 customers on a Friday night and the special was rib tips..but they only had chicken! They offered an extra side but no change in the price... Then while we were eating I heard another customer who had come in long after us, being old that they were out of ribs and the customer was upset that he had already paid for ribs too! I don't understand why they were letting people order and pay for ribs when it was clear they knew that they knew they didn't have any!   When we got our meal my husband took one bite and said he hated it. the chicken was dry, bbq sauce tasted like metal and the red potato salad seemed like the kind you get in bulk at a grocery store. The fries   Were ok so thats all he ate. I liked the bbq sauce but the chicken was super dry. our friend ordered a chicken sandwich an the bun fell apart as she picked it up. She took one bite and said it was gross and didn't eat any more of it.   If we had to pay full price I would have made a big scene but because it was a groupon and were just trying a new place I let it go but we will never go again.~ribs pork ribs ribs chicken ribs ribs ribs chicken potato salad ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~-6K9AyRBQ30lXlwDLQCLyA~Burger was OK.  Didn't have anything else but a lot of the dishes looked gimmicky and some I would not even want to put in my mouth.  Take the three stars for what its worth.~burger ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FGfZEhTgJCUK3rCWo_gz6g~WOW!  ~As soon as you walk into the entrance you re greeted with pillars of beautiful fresh FLOWERS Oh the COLORS ~Pricey, yes.  Worth it?  OH YES!  After paying to enter and leaving a tip, my husband and I were out $90 or so (He's a large tipper, so it might not cost you as much). 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SOcVeRH9OSVBlkn627dL4g~Came here for restaurant week and was not disappointed. Food and service were great. Started out with the tortilla soup and the presentation alone made it worthwhile   If you like tortilla soup just go for this to try and see the presentation. Very fresh tasting. True the duck breast with the chili Mac and cheese and shaved Brussel sprouts along with onion jam. Yummy. We also tried the Delmonico steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Wow. Have leftovers of all of this for tomorrow. Darr was really good. I recommend the crime brle. The pecan pie was tasty with the ice cream and whipped cream but I like my pie better. Everyone worked as a team and service was great. Good place for a date or family.~soup soup mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ixUYsrXDW1abgjmq2V3oiw~Our night at this restaurant was nothing short of superb. Our whole family (8 people) were in town for my dad's birthday. We thought going to an early dinner would be a good idea with a large party, but when we got to the restaurant we were told that the wait would be a couple hours for a party of our size....we were bummed and using the lobby area to yelp somewhere else to go. While there the manager (Matthew) came over to me and my sister saying that he overheard we had a large party and he might have a solution. He had a large table on the patio that was just wrapping up, in less than 10 minutes we were seated and being waited on by our lovely waitress Alex. Her service was top notch and non stop.... Then the food and drinks started flowing. We ordered the green Chile pots, guac, pork wings, tenderloin, fish tacos, big ass burger, iceberg BLT salad and chicken flatbread pizza. Everything was so delicious, seriously drool worthy. If i had to recommend one item it would be the pork wings, unique, flavorful, tender and crispy. Little flavor bombs! Our cocktails were delightful, delicious and refreshing.... Most refreshing of all was the unparalleled customer service we got from start to finish. We will definitely be back... Our dessert too was so amazing, the creme brulee and pecan pie. The pie was like nothing you've ever had before. Thank you Matthew and Alex for making my dad's birthday a year to remember.~pork tacos burger iceberg salad chicken pork pie pie ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Ol58pNqaVrCEOryG5aTU4g~As a Pakistani born in Canada who misses home cooked meals I come to King Palace when I need a fix of south asian food. I am very selective in what I order. My first experience with the rice was not as good as my experience with their naan. I very much recommend the naan over the rice. My favorite dishes are the haleem, channa, and butter chicken. The daal looks good too but I have never tried it. The people behind the counter of course let you try anything if you are unsure of the taste or want to see if something is spicy enough. I know the idea of them popping it in the microwave bothers some but I always get mine to go and enjoy it at home. Many South Asians come here. As the reviews state many cab drivers come and let me tell you cab drivers wives usually cook AMAZING dishes so if they come the food has to be decent. I know it definitely cannot beat real home cooked south asian meals but it definitely satisfies my cravings when I can't get fresh cooked food.~butter chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~I5gsINoj_HN4yNwUkhl3Tw~Subpar food - flatbread appetizer was dry, BLT salad was excessively smokey in flavor and the hostesses were really unfriendly. We requested a booth with our reservation but when we got there they said there wasn't one available. When taking us to our table we walked by 4-5 open booths and we asked to be seated at one of them but was told they're for parties greater than 4 (mind you they were set for four) However we saw ALL the booths later sat with parties of four! Won't be returning.~salad ~2 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~5ga05rvOCYfex6k_bWW-uQ~Menu has a good selection. Love the chicken and tortilla soup. Ahi salad good but could use a little more ahi for $15. Would definitely be back.~chicken soup salad ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kNgKN6myuB1kJbuH3J1idg~LOVEEE the cupcakes! I dont have a sweet tooth but this place is really good. My favorite cupcake is the red velvet and the vanilla. The staff is friendly as well~cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~a5pMrG5qwHokrClfYxKzlQ~a) the atmosphere is nice, dark, southwestern feel.  b) be prepared to have great conversations with your party because the food took a while to come out.  c) the presentation of the tortilla soup was great, but the flavor didn't quite do it for me. could have had a lil more spice.  d) the fish tacos were made well, but the sauce was a lil too tart & strong for me.  e) the green chili mac n cheese steals the show. it's worth coming here to give it a try.~soup tacos cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AXy_0ELMPSFL0DE4pOv_6g~Wanted to try this place after multiple lists cited the Big Ass Burger as being one of the top ten burgers in the greater Phoenix area.  Meh.  I've experienced better.  Went on a Thursday night.  Restaurant has an upscale feel (Scottsdale!  Imagine that) and was decently full.  No reservation, no problem.  Were seated relatively quickly by the hostess after being ignored for about three minutes by the male host, who was more interested in talking on the phone than making eye contact with any of the three groups standing in front of him.  The waitress was pleasant and attentive, and a good sport when I told her I would settle for the "tap water".  That's right, first question was if we wanted any fancy water, or if we were fine with the "tap water" they just poured in our glasses.  Ha ha - tap water.  Pretentious much?  It was delicious tap water, though.  The water pipes in Scottsdale must be less rusted than those in neighboring, less-cultured cities.  On to the food!  The Big Ass Burger was, in fact, quite large.  However, ordering it medium-rare means you get it pink throughout (whoo!) and dry as hell (suck!).  Not sure how they managed that, but they did.  Definitely far from one of the ten best in the greater Phoenix area.  On another note, my female accompaniment greatly enjoyed her Waldorf Salad, coconut green tea, and crme brle.  I would recommend the coconut green tea.  Everything else I could've done without.  Maybe I'll give you another try, Roaring Fork.  Maybe.~burger burgers sport burger salad coconut tea coconut tea ~2 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~e-p294Qg7mQdYkRGXo5R9Q~I had the salmon and he had the pasta with chicken, both were great, make sure you say hi to Jackson he's great, oh and ask for Mathew at the bar outside.~salmon pasta chicken ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~e7uFTJRFfBzvkO255crexA~This is a great alternative to fast food. I have only had the salads. They use fresh ingredients and offer several different salads, soups and sandwiches. I tried the new salmon salad and wouldn't get it again. Only because the salmon is drier than I prefer.   PROS: Pineapple Chicken salad             Nutty Salad             Fresh ingredients             Free ice cream while you wait.~salads salads sandwiches salmon salad salmon pineapple chicken salad salad ice cream ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~DMRQhMR-m4OSA2DIxF1tYg~I was very excited to have lunch at Graze. The ambiance is very upbeat, casual, yet upscale. For an appetizer I shared cheese curds with my friend. they were extremely good and represented Wisconsin pretty well. The dill sauce dip was flavorful and had a good bite to it. As an entree I had the Graze Burger, and although the meat was juicy and tender, the burger itself was a little boring. It really was a burger topped with some caramelized onions. Nothing too special.  I also tried the cream soda. I sort of had the perception that it would be the retro rad cream soda that I remember drinking when I was a kid, but instead it seemed like soda mixed in with vanilla ice cream. Super sweet and not good to wash down your food. It was more like a dessert. I will go to Graze again, but I will probably order something else along the lines of a pork schnitzel or some sort of fish.~cheese burger burger burger ice cream pork ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~gJHu2R4eZuWLeIZ2jGZDvQ~I literally just picked up an order of 6 cupcakes from Prairie Girl for my manager's birthday.  Other than the fact I wound up having to trek there during the worst snowstorm we've had this year, I was very pleased with my first Prairie Girl Bakery experience.  First of all, their online ordering system is great.  Actually, better than great.  It was one of the best and most user-friendly online ordering systems I've ever encountered (just try ordering pizza through Pizza Pizza's new website.  I dare you).  I was able to mix and match easily and efficiently before finally settling on my final six choices.  I was also able to see the price change as I went along AND I was able to add a single gluten-free cupcake to my order.  It was so nice to have the option to order just one GF cupcake (and not a whole batch) and join in on the celebrations back at the office.  Traditionally when we order cake at work, I'm left out of the festivities, so this was a wonderful change.  Finding the place.  This was a little tricky, because I didn't see their name on the directory and had NO CLUE where I was going.  Your best bet is to just go to 100 King St. West, go downstairs and head towards the food court.  They are right across from the Longo's.  Once I found it, even though there was a line, I was able to stroll up to the pre-order section and get my cupcakes right away.  I love that they put the GF cupcake in a separate box with clear labelling so I knew for sure which one was mine.  They also put them in a really sturdy bag for easy transport.  The storefront itself is magical and features a large wall of cupcakes in different colours and sizes, waiting for enjoyment by the masses.  The smell, even though in the middle of a busy food court, is intoxicating.  The cupcakes were a huge hit at the office.  Everyone got a flavour they enjoyed, and the little sugar "Happy Birthday" toppers added the perfect 'je ne sais quoi' to the already beautiful cupcakes.  The strawberry icing (on the cupcake I enjoyed) was clearly made from real strawberries, and the chocolate and vanilla bean icings also received rave reviews.  The cake itself is a bit denser than you would get from a box mix, but it was very enjoyable.  You could definitely cut one of these guys in half and enjoy them throughout the day (though scarfing one back in a single sitting isn't entire implausible either).  For six cupcakes (including a GF one) and the sugar toppers, it came to just slightly over $20 (and that includes tax).  I find this perfectly reasonable given the quality and size of the cupcakes, and the fact I've seen similar treats go for much much more at other bakeries.  All in all, I would definitely order from here again for an office birthday or personal occasion.~cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RhgzVItq7goPaxxoAPCpWg~This place was very nice. Lovely atmosphere, kind waiters, even the support staff was nice. Kinda tricky to get into, but once you figure out the parking situation, it is A-okay. It had a very warm-n-fuzzy atmosphere, very posh without extreme pretension. It is just north of Downtown Scottsdale, so you would expect it to be expensive. (It is pricey, but not more than you would expect.) The Green Chili mac n' Cheese was indeed, just as my friend told me, phenomenal. Good beer selection too! We had one of the burgers on the table and everything was good about it except!: It lacked a slight bit of salt on the patty and the bread could be more dense. It was a little airy (the bread) and had less flavor than I hoped. Having a good bun for your burger is VERY important. Other than that, this place was pretty rockin.~cheese burgers patty burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~MLWtx9sDZMJlyUlMDunq8Q~Had a great time here last night, despite there being no Valet for some reason? Anyway, this is a great place to bring out-of-towners, it has a chic southwest feel, while remaining upscale and impressive.   The spicy shrimp appetizer was perfect, salad was crisp and fresh, my chicken was succulent, and a guest had the "Big Ass Burger" - which is a Roaring Fork tradition.  Highly recommend this to people visiting the Scottsdale area. (avoid the patio in the summer when you book your reservations) Three of us paid about $100 total for dinner with 1 drink each :)~shrimp salad chicken burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~64TwwieOLF_wr-c6qPrdlQ~Nice food, good service, and nice ambience. I've been here several times. I recommend the burger for the main dish and roasted veggies as the appetizer. Good to be there on happy hour. The only problem last time was that outdoor seating area was so dark we couldn't see what we are eating! Lol~burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zXJhCLZfX8setmY-0hd6rQ~Pleasantly surprised! Service was exceptional! Only issue was they forgot our Mac and cheese side but the waitress comped it and boxed it up for us to take home.  Great drink menu and fun patio.  Food was phenomenal! Highly recommend the guacamole (with homemade chips!) and the chocolate toffee pecan pie.  Would definitely highly recommend!~mac and cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_lWEpecMflysQnPuu4o6qg~My favorite restaurant in town! Amazing food, not too expensive, great atmosphere, and the staff are so nice!  Great for a dinner date.  try the beet and walnut burger, you won't regret it!  The only down side is they don't take reservations so sometimes the wait can be 1hour+ for weekend dinners.~date beet burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~9UvJVTaSIS3ceA3YUiz4sQ~My husband and I decided to try a new place tonight. I usually love barbecue, and when he suggested we try Honey Bears, I was more than happy to. First of all, I have to admit, I worked for Famous Dave's years ago and although I couldn't stand being employed there, they had some darn good barbecue and I'd still go eat there if there was one closer by. So maybe my expectations were too high for Honey Bears, but they fell way short.   I got the pork brisket sandwich. I couldn't even pick it up, the bun was so soggy. Like snot. I tried to pick it up and it just disintegrated and all the meat fell out. I ate it with a fork, seeing as I was too starving to send it back. The meat was very moist and tender until I got a huge bite of the nastiest, driest chunk of meat. Like hard and chewy beef jerky. I have never discourteously spit food out of my mouth before, but that was too unpleasant to swallow!   Moving on, the fries were good. The beans were awesome! The bbq sauce was lacking in consistency and flavor. The cheese in the mac was a bit thin. The ribs I had that came with their combo 3, well one was alright, the other one was almost all fat.   All in all, I didn't "hate" it but I'm not going back. There are better places to spend my money.~honey honey pork sandwich beef jerky fries cheese ribs ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NFaxessqSoZLw5whzA4eJg~I work nearby and went at lunch for some brisket.  I was told it would take 2 minutes for the brisket to be ready, so I paid and waited. Then I was told it would take another 5 minutes. I then was told it was going to take longer and was offered chicken or pork instead. I choose chicken. It took over 20 minutes before I got my food. The chicken cost less, but I was not reimbursed the difference.  The soggy wet chicken had a very strong metallic taste....aluminum. I threw half of it away.  Wasted my lunch there....won't go back.~chicken pork chicken chicken chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Kk_cMN1u-OOfzZXPrwd2mg~I couldn't help myself and checked the 8am line again.  Not too bad today so I dragged my group along to give it a try.  I slammed the place yesterday with only one star because of the line out the door but today it's only a 20 minute wait so we did it.  Very nice, friendly hostess and nice seating throughout.  Once we sat down we got great service for a waiter who constantly filled our coffee and kept bringing juice.  This buffet is incredible!  Huge!  We came for breakfast at 8am but I had breakfast, lunch and dinner.  They have everything including cold shrimp and oysters.    My review has gone from one to five stars.  I'll never wait 45 minutes for this breakfast buffet but if the line is reasonable this is the buffet to be at.    I've got to figure out a way to skip the line.  I think I have to gamble more.  LOL~coffee shrimp ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~zzFAmP4xuvYIWdIvx2KvCw~I was talking with Rand about having eaten at Souper Salad the previous week and he suggested we meet up here, right across the highway, to compare the two.  Yesterday we did so.  The foods were all fresh.  We agreed most of the hot items lacked much in the way of flavor.  I don't think I cared much for having the salad bar between the front door and the cash register.  Another thing I thought odd was a section of the salad bar that had extra cost items to add to your salad.  One question I have is why  they are very busy when Souper Salad across the way with a very similar menu and execution for less money has hardly anybody in it.~salad salad salad salad salad ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iwGQWPX76sUKHNSMtI-nOw~Epic $10 happy hour burger.  Seriously....  Great staff.  Absolutely recommend on Sun-Mon all night happy hour.~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~9bLyhKh_RZrVr14qCSgfeA~Graze will always hold a special place in my heart.  I've been there probably more times than I can count, and I have been beyond pleased with my experience every single time.    The views of the capitol through the towering glass windows warrant a visit in and of themselves.  It is about as good of a view as you can get of the capitol from indoors.  Add the view and the overall cool, laid-back atmosphere to a top-notch, eclectic menu, and you have an incredible dining experience that is uniquely Madison.    Like I said, I've been to Graze a lot, and I've loved everything I've tried.  Menu items change, and all the seasonal menu items that I've tried have wow-ed me.  I have fond memories of a braised beef brisket that simply melted in my mouth.  In terms of the continuous menu items, the Bipimbap my personal favorite.  They let you know it's spicy, and they are NOT lying, but it is also fresh, flavorful, savory, and unlike anything I've ever tried before.  The cheese curds (!!!) are my favorite in Madison.  They're huge, coated in just the right amount of breading, and served alongside a divine ranch sauce.    The drinks are also commendable.  They're incredibly unique and perfectly mixed (also, NOT weak).  Totally worth the money.  I highly recommend Graze to anyone and everyone, and I've brought almost everyone I care about here at least once (everyone has raved about it, and I have a feeling it wasn't just to make sure I didn't feel bad).  I love you Graze! Always and forever!~beef brisket cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~agXH2CqgPYrTr0nbWQ_9WQ~3* for flavor 5* for selection & quality of ingredients used  I've been to the buffet at the Wynn three times - mostly because we were staying either at the Wynn/Encore and it was convenient.  There's so much decent to good food to choose from... I won't lie, not everything is delicious - and they often do change things around a bit. (That delicious Baileys Panna Cotta isn't always there...) However, they deserve a fourth star since there is ALWAYS a huge selection - fresh seafood, random sushi, 1-2 dim sum, red meats, pastas, etc. (If you know what gnocchi's supposed to taste like, steer clear of theirs.) I know what I like of the seafood, but as for the rest, I usually try a tablespoon-sized portion of everything that seems appealing before deciding what to actually eat.. I recall liking the Eggs Benedict on my most recent trip.. A bit bland, really. Like most things they serve.  The best part is the dessert - although usually, by the time I'm done with half of my second plate, I'm too stuffed to try more than one without assistance. Everything is so pretty to look at and they have so many options it makes your head spin... I usually like to share them - that way, I can get a taste of each of the 10 most appealing options before committing to a single one (assuming I have space by then). My favorite is the Baileys Panna Cotta (of course).. but again, not always there.  There is always a line. Do not be discouraged.. If you're there for the weekend champagne brunch, there will be plenty of mediocre alcohol on the other side to help you forget the wait.  Make sure you tip when you pay, or you're going to be seated in the worst section of the place far away from the food and out of sight, where the servers hardly ever come around. Two out of three times, I made sure to tip well and, as a result, had seats in an ideal location and attentive servers that never allowed my glass to empty, and once.. a server that, after offering me coffee when l was first seated, remembered me saying that I like my coffee at the end of my meal, to enjoy with dessert. As soon as I brought desserts to the table, he served me a cup of coffee. EXCELLENT.~sushi gnocchi eggs benedict coffee coffee desserts coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3ecVYJCsiECzgV93N-W-0A~I love Graze! Their environment is lovely and the food is good. My to go items for a typical dinner at Graze are cheese curds, bone marrow and mussels and frites;)~cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~vc0hi89BQcZp4CnXomPPsA~Fantastic restaurant and service! We have eaten there on 3 occasions and they did not disappoint. Reservations are taken serious and your table is always ready for you. We went there for our wedding anniversary and they placed a rose and a personal card signed by the staff on the table. We were also give a complimentary dessert. This was above and beyond what we expected.  Must try:  Green Chili Mac and Cheese  Braised Beef Short Ribs Buttermilk Fried Chicken Seared Scallops~mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~GybtI9RDTfm8vQCSxfd4_Q~Probably the best cheese curds in town. I like the menu, but it is pricey and more focused on appetizers/drinks than dinner. The beet burger, popcorn, and hickory nut pie are also delicious! Amazing view of the Capitol.~cheese appetizers beet burger popcorn pie ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~FVKPqpqXf3QVnRJW3Q5Wdg~I am not a fan of sweets so I think for me to give 4 stars is amazing!  What I love about Prairie Girl is that they have mini cupcakes so you can have that small bite that lingers in your mouth rather than shoving a huge cupcake in and then feeling like crap.  We actually ordered a dozen of cupcakes but the one that really stood out to me was the vanilla bean flavored one.  Yes, I don't really like sweets and do not eat chocolate but I DO LOVE VANILLA!  AMAZING.  A bit pricy and something I noticed was that everyone online was a female!  lmao!~cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rvqVN8g031UZj92sYsw3Zg~I spend a lot of time at Graze these days, so I'm going to share with you my 6-step program for doing Graze like a pro:     1. Order The Retox (cachaa, maple syrup, lemon juice, cayenne - what? what?)  2. Graze from a basket of warm, salty, truffley popcorn.  3. Enjoy that I'm-feeling-classy-even-though-I'm-wearing-snow-boots ambiance. 4. Order another Retox (heads up, two Retoxes and you are totally toxed) 5. Dine on any number of spectacular meals. 6. Indulge your voyeuristic tendencies by staring out the walls of windows to crazy, crazy Madison.   I know this formula works.  Last night, as I piled the bibimbap onto my chopsticks and into my face, a protest for Tibetan freedom marched around the Capitol.  And in the moment, as much as I wanted to free Tibet, I wanted another bite of that marinated tofu more.~lemon cayenne popcorn tofu ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~daVSA67JK8Nx_RKpqg_PHw~Best BBQ sandwiches in Phoenix.  The BBQ sauce is amazing.  I generally get the chicken sandwiches but my friends all swear by the pork.~sandwiches chicken sandwiches pork ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~LzN9Yoqf2DXJCwdsWchAXA~We dined at Luke Wholey's for an early Mothers' Day celebration and enjoyed the experience greatly. We had a large party of 10 and were placed in a private dining area which still afforded us a great view of the restaurant and bar below. (One small note:  the high tables placed at the ends of the large table made for a little awkward seating. )  The food was excellent.  Of particular note were the catfish bites and sandwich, the lobster fries, and huge peel-your-own shrimp. Everything was  nicely cooked and presented. There was a great selection of craft beers and the server knew the wines very well.   In spite of some Yelp reviews we had read about the service, ours was outstanding. Our server, Brian, had only been working there a few days but was already up-to-speed on menu items. Everything came out quickly, especially for a large group. We enjoyed meeting front of the house man, Jerry, who made us feel at home.  We also had the pleasure of meeting Luke who told us how hard they were working to improve things. It showed and we will no doubt return.~sandwich fries shrimp ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~GMHBXvN243pI6YEkFYelJg~Found this place on Yelp.  It was hard to find, as it was not right off the road, but in the back of the parking lot. Made reservations, were taken right in.  Server was very attentive. I got the Big Ass Hamburger and I was too full for dessert.  Delicious. Pricy, upscale splurge. The memory of that hamburger may bring me back for more.~hamburger hamburger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~jj4WHssctUDohL9taE7C1Q~Best lunch we've had on our Midwest trip! We loved that they source locally and without compromise to flavor and good service. The pretzel with three mustards and Wisconsin cheese was the best pretzel we've ever had- and we live in Philly! The Trout Nicoise with avocado is a must order if you're looking for something a little lighter but still satisfying and the cheese curds are squeaky good. Would return tomorrow if we didn't already have lunch plans:) Thanks, Graze!~cheese avocado cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~fptclt2Pp3qyuyoy24g5Xw~The Wynn is amazing! The buffet was well appointed with loads of traditional American and international choices. The coffee was wonderful and the staff was very attentive. We sat in the garden room and it was magical and a romantic breakfast. One of my favorite meals in Vegas!~coffee ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~gEU6DKI84cADBN8U6SzDDQ~After google told me top 10 buffet in vegas the #1 best buffet was wynn I had pretty high expectation. My friend and I decide to go there for dinner on sat. night. The atomosphere is beautiful, but the food is very disappointing. Maybe because I'm very picky, I don't find this place special at all (food). I'm not comparing the food to Cut by wolfgang puck 5 star restaurant, but compare to other buffets, I've experience better. The buffet at Wynn does have good quality food, but the way they cooked it, just ain't working for me. such as the texture of prime ribs, and the chicken is too dry, the dumpling crust is too hard (over cooked) etc. I liked there salad & desert.. their Crme brle was amazing, especially with coffee& cream... I enjoyed salad, pineapple, orange, & deserts.  Other than that I didn't like anything.~ribs chicken salad coffee salad pineapple ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~c8WjDUxpofQtHiJJHPgIsw~I have not been to THIS location until recently, which is shocking since cupcakes are like crack to me and I work so close to this place but after a year or so of being open I finally got around to it. This was all because of an email alert I received from PGB informing me that the flavor of the week was "neopolitan" with a photo of a glorious looking cupcake attached to the email. First of all Neopolitan is my childhood favorite ice cream and applying that concept to a cupcake is like making a junk food addict's dream come true. So I had to try it.  One of the reasons I avoided this location was because of the long lineups that it usually has during my lunch break. The time I went (1130ish) was a good time to go (I guess people need to eat real food at some point as opposed to eating cupcakes ALL day). There was no lineup and I was served immediately. The lady that served me was nice and friendly. I asked for a regular size cupcake but she gave me a mini instead. I would have corrected her but I figured I should probably stick to a mini or else my pants might get mad at me. It cost $2.25 which is pretty steep considering the size of this miniature snack but the taste is heavenly.  The cake itself was a chocolate cake, incredibly moist and chocolatey topped with a layer of strawberry icing (fresh strawberries!), vanilla bean icing, and chocolate icing. It was so rich and intense in flavor I was actually grateful that I got the mini vs the regular because I think it would have been too sweet if it was a larger portion.   Overall, I really enjoyed this treat of the week...in a mini size. I am still a fan of this cupcakery and their sweet creations, but just in smaller doses.~cupcakes ice cream cupcakes cake chocolate cake ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~f3yARPVGntSFXmZjMPrUjA~I love it. On our visit, the remodel wasn't quite done, but you couldn't see anything from inside the restaurant and thye had just rolled out a new menu that had a lot of really interesting looking options.   We sat in one of the booths down by the window and had a great view of the valley and the mountains below us. Our server was freakin awesome and brought us these little bread things with some sort of hummus, it was great. I ordered the short rib ravioli and ended up practically licking my plate clean. There could have been a bigger portion, but if I had ordered an appetizer or salad like I should, it would have been a perfectly sized meal.   When they get the patio opened up and the private dining room they have pictures of by the door, this will be a seriously legit contender in the valley dining scene. I'd say they are easily top 10 for overall experience right now anyway.~salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kasLX4bmJhnGgpU_aNWNvg~People, save your time and money. Skip Bellagio; eat at Wynn. Let me do a side-by-side comparison:  Bellagio: souplantation-ish salad bar.  Wynn: gourmet salad bar, including make your own and pre-maid salads in adorable, chic cups.   Bellagio: overdone fruit station with out of season, flavorless fruits Wynn: gourmet fruit and cheese bar, gourmet cold cut bar (salamis, proscuittos, cheeses, figs, apricots, etc)  Bellagio: rare/bloody unseasoned prime rib Wynn: herb crusted prime rib, cooked to perfection, with the delicious taste of fresh herbs and garlic still lingering  Bellagio: BBQ beef brisket swimming in salty A1 sauce Wynn: Rib of Veal, so tender it's practically falling off the bone.  Bellagio: snow crab Wynn: king crab  Bellagio: soft serve Wynn: crepes made to order and a gelato bar. A whole separate room for dessert.   Overall, this buffet is classy, clean, gorgeous. The foods are laid out around the permiter so you don't feel like a cow going from station to station, you can simply gracefully wander around the room (and everything is clearly labeled to catch your attention).    Service is excellent. If you ask for coffee, you will get a carafe of it; if you ask for juice, you'll get a pitcher of fresh squeezed oj.   Noise level is low for a buffet. Prices high, but you're getting quality food. Their ethnic selection is fabulous (the best sweet & sour shrimp and tandoori mahi mahi I've ever had).  Overall, this is a fantastic buffet. The best there is. Apparently this is how good the Bellagio's buffet was before Steve Wynn sold Bellagio to the MGM/Mirage group. For shame.~salad salad salads cheese cheeses garlic beef brisket coffee shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~dDHZK3t-LjY-LWY-Gu28Iw~The atmosphere is wonderful! They have pretty lights outside and the place has an overall feel of fun and relaxed. Exactly what to expect from a fish joint. The owner came to our table and was so nice! We felt very welcome. The food was great, we got the fish tacos. Our waitress was training a young man and had multiple tables, so we got the young man. He did very well at taking care of us, and our waitress made sure to check in and see how things were going every now and then to see if we needed anything. Overall we felt taken care of and enjoyed our experience. I appreciate the lengths the servers at Luke's go to make sure your experience is the best it can be.~tacos ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~oZk_CNBiJwbqp91FN9C85Q~If you have ever purchased from here you may be able to relate to those hungry children lining up for rice in Africa.......but you are more in line of the office professionals in business skirt and high heels waiting in line for your fix of Cup Cakes.....I have tried them all....and my fav is.  Banana cup cake with chocolate cream cheese icing, or the Vanilla Cupcake with chocolate cream cheese icing.    Instead of getting one big cup cake I suggest getting 2 small one's of different flavors and that way you can get to know which drug (I mean cupcake) is the one that resonates with you most.  If Rob Ford came here he may just give up Crack Cocaine for these cup cakes.  All of them are a 3+ (some flavors I have enjoyed more than others)  Sure the prices are a tad on the expensive side - but the quality is consistent and the cup cakes are good. These are not your generic run of the mll cup cakes.  If you want the good pickings order from the website then pick them up at the location....cause if you buy after lunch hour on a Friday or Thursday or a week day before a National Holiday all the good one's will be gone.  You may have to lineup queue for these but it moves rather fast~banana cake cream cheese ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~4OGezhmJDvN8cdJllLbRuw~I decided to make a quick stop here to grab a cupcake to surprise a friend the other day. It's underground at First Canadian Place in what must be like a bakers row or something because it's literally surrounded by four other bakeries. Haha. Anyways, the cupcakes are reasonable priced (3.40 something for the one I ordered) and come in a nicely made carrier and bag if you want. Makes a nice looking gift for the price. In terms of the actual cupcake, I ordered a Chocolate Peanut Butter and it was pretty good...if not great. I don't understand the current trend of putting way too much icing on the top of the cupcake. It shouldn't be to the point that the icing has the same volume as the cake itself, but anyways someone must like them like this because they're pretty common. The icing WAS rich and delicious however: very peanut buttery and decadent. The cake, on the other hand, was a little dry and unimpressive and indiscernible from the made-from-a-box variety. Slightly disappointing. 2.5/5 for the cupcake itself and 4/5 for price and presentation.~cupcakes peanut butter ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~O9DwYA2hW7PsNWEi0ooKGA~We went for a regular lunch buffet in Wynn, it's not bad but I feel it's a bit expansive for what they offered.  I do love the presentation and dinnerware used, it just made the buffet look more fancy and classy.  I didn't try every food since I just had a big champagne bunch the day before and we opt for something lighter.  The grill fish was good, I especially like the mahi mahi, tuna and red snapper, pizza looked nice but it wasn't warm enough by the time I got it, I know it will sound odd but my favorite dish was the grill corn on the cob, the seasoning was just right to bring out the sweetness of the corn.  The desert was my favorite part of the buffet, it has the best coffee ice cream and the chocolate tart was to die for.  I will go back next time for dinner or champagne bunch for sure.~tuna corn corn coffee ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~APYy_MX5wFtbmcH57hLsqQ~Made reservations here for my graduation dinner, and honestly did not see the hype.   Atmosphere - The atmosphere had more of a corporate feel to it, with several large business parties and golf buddies dining beside our large family party. Our server was very patient with us and was very attentive.   Food - The food was average yet pricey, with most entrees $20 and up. A few key plates we ordered:   Guacamole and chips ($9-10) -  very fresh but also very small portions. Could probably only serve 1-2.   Big Ass Burger - all hype. Yes, our burger was huge, sparked awe, but when cut, the beef was dry, the bun soggy, and the vegetables slid out on the first bite. Would not try again.   In summary, the food was just mediocre and there wasn't really anything I'd be back for. If anything, it was a cute restaurant to entertain my out of town family. Otherwise I would not be back here again.~chips burger burger beef ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~BAwLFT2mRCFnyBXMsgLIrA~This place barely earned a one star!  Went here on a groupon recently, it'd been years since we ate here.  I Remember it being pretty good then.  Let me sum it up: we ordered the 9.95 (sandwich, side & drink combo) the beef was burnt dry, the sauce reminded of a grade up from Arby sauce & the fries tasted stale. I Thought I was being  negative but my husband who's not too picky complained more than me. To top it off, we were charged extra for a side we didn't order when we presented this to the cashier she swore we ordered it, we didn't! She finally gave us 1/2 a refund saying we didn't get tax back because of groupon..... huh???? Our original order came to 18.00 the groupon was for 20.  Whatever!   We're never going back!!~sandwich beef fries ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~IDUVraIIywrAIbjlIOsx6w~Probably THE best buffet on the Strip.  The decor was very beautiful.  At the entrance, there were these huge columns of fruit and flowers arranged up to the ceiling, almost.  Then, these professionally dressed and friendly host and hostesses escorted us to our table.  Everything was good there, even the coffee!!  The wait wasn't as bad as Bellagio's buffet, but there was still a wait.  The service was great.  In fact, the salads, the meats (ofcourse), ice creams, were all served to me in the buffet.  There were these salads in these glass cups.  I tried the greek salad which had marinated beef at the bottom of the cup and it was very good.  The Asian Chicken salad was also good and served to me on my plate.  Everything was very tasty and satisfying! :)~coffee salads salads salad beef chicken salad ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~aEjWIhTZYnkUPq5wabA8EA~A great fine dining place! 4.5/5 J and I were there this Saturday with AJ and J. That was my first time to the Elements and I was totally in love with the restaurant's location and surrounding. What a view!  We were seated on a cute bench overlooking at the mountain and sunset that evening. The service was excellent from the moment you stepped inside the restaurant. We started our meal with steam mussels in a delicious creamy sauce. The sauce was a little salty but it was perfect to dip your bread in! (bread was fresh, crusty and warm!). Among 4 of us, we had salmon with asian twist, pork chop, halibut and honey orange duck breast. I have to say among all of them (except pork chop, didn't try that one), the duck breast was my fav! Probabaly the best duck breast (in western style) I'd tried before! Will definitely get that one again next time.  One thing to mention is they have very creative coctails list. J got a suger snap peas martini and it was amazing~ you can taste the subtle fresh sweetness of the snap peas I had a rasberry martini and I enjoyed it as well The experience was memorable and amazing You can watch the sunset while having a superb dinner and great conversation I would go back again for its brunch ~salmon pork honey pork peas peas. 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~z5JyuxnEszwvPwjUKtGlBA~Very nice decor food was good,desserts really good green tea,lychee,peachcobbler ice cream crepes made to order ,over priced and seating to close to everyone everyone is crammed in there it was worth the try and won my money back on keno so it  worked out well.~desserts tea lychee ice cream ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9_xEtzL7n30nqXiz5D0NzA~I am so, so pleased with my experience here today. Three of us were walking around the Strip on a Saturday and we got pretty hungry around 1pm. I quickly pointed over across the street to this place since I've never been here. We walked in and were waiting on the hostess to seat us. I was looking around and most of the tables were full. Large TVs had march madness stuff going and orders were being delivered left and right. We waited not even five minutes to be seated, but the hostess appeared frazzled over so many people coming in.  We were seated at a table in the back left. It was a spacious table with comfy chairs. Our waitress walked over within a few minutes and she was so quick to get our drinks. I got water and unsweetened iced tea. I looked over the menu and became way too excited for sushi. It's absolutely my favorite thing to eat so I was ready to order the whole menu. I narrowed it down to miso soup, seaweed salad, tuna & salmon sashimi. The two other people I was with ordered fish and chips, a burger, and an Alaskan roll. We chatted while we waited and I felt like our orders came out fairly quickly even though the place was busy. Also, I noticed how it wasn't insanely loud. A plus for sure.   My unsweetened iced tea tasted strong and I liked that because most iced teas taste very watered down to me. Heidi, our waitress, brought over my miso soup and shortly after my sashimi and seaweed salad were delivered. Oh my gosh my sashimi was beautiful, fresh, and extremely delicious! The same goes for miso soup and seaweed salad, which was the tastiest I've had so far in Pittsburgh. I was head over heels for my food. I've finally found the sushi I've been dreaming of. Heidi was fabulous at keeping our drinks refilled and coming back to check on all of us. I liked that she didn't abandon us after getting us our orders.  Towards the end of our meals, I decided I wanted to try a rainbow roll and asked if I could have it without rice. I wasn't trying to be a pain in the butt and I rarely ever ask for substitutions of any kind. Heidi said she'll see what she could do. She didn't say no and she didn't ignore my request. She put my order in and I was treated to an incredible modification with rainbow roll filling surrounded by a cucumber shell. It tasted amazing. I went over and praised/thanked the sushi chefs because they got creative and they provided excellent customer service. I thanked Heidi as well. She was so kind, bubbly, and an overall joy that added to our dining experience. We all adored her! Praise for the customer service, the food, and overall atmosphere. I was so happy and I'm definitely coming back for more of that sushi!~tea sushi miso soup salad tuna salmon chips burger tea miso soup salad miso soup salad sushi cucumber sushi sushi ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~jnbQRnmyZyqS7Kt5eY9a2g~$10 for a medium drink, chicken sandwich, and a small salad = MEH! Overpriced and nothing special of this BBQ chicken sandwich.  I'll go back for a second try, someday...~chicken sandwich ~2 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~_vhf-J8b85bvk1yP452QUQ~Pork cutlet is bomb!  My other choice is BBQ mic plate!  And gotta have my Thai iced tea!~pork thai tea ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tZOPsHa1_CAaUEkHPqToNw~Their fries are fantastic. Seriously. You'd think a French fry is a fry, but it's not. When I get an entree with fries, I always eat those first. So crispy and salty and hot and not overly greasy. The truffle popcorn is a great snack during cocktail hour. Their cocktails are original and fun. Menus are a bit limited (especially if you're a vegetarian) but what they offer is very good. The atmosphere and view makes up for the limited options. I've had brunch, lunch, dinner, and cocktails there multiple times. Never had a bad experience, although sometimes it takes a while to get your drinks because everyone slams the bar with orders for foo-foo cocktails instead of keeping it simple with wine and beer. Whatever. Sh*t happens. Instead of getting bitchy I do something really drastic: I relax and enjoy the people I'm dining with and admire the view, and if we're going to order a second round, we do it earlier rather than later.  ;)  I also like that they feature local and seasonal foods. Keep doing that.~fries fries popcorn ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bOrw7bVCZRQQYi62qRo6CQ~Well, thank you very much Graze! All other burgers have been forever ruined.  The Graze Burger is simply amazing!  Seriously, my boyfriend and I savored every single bite....and when there were no bites left, we cried a little inside.  This $21 burger is the most expensive burger I've ever had the honor to eat and it was worth it! Yep, completely worth every penny!  The Graze burger is a delicious blend of local meats (ground bacon, ribeye, short ribs and sirloin), with perfectly caramelized onions, some sort of out-of-this-world sauce,  SarVecchio cheese, a light and tasty bun and homemade fries with garlic aioli.  Do yourself a favor and eat this burger!   We also split the Bipimbob which was a new flavor for both of us.  Love the crispy rice squares and the spice was perfect.  The overall flavor was powerful and exciting.   This is a must try! I appreciated the short wait for our table (only 10 minutes) and the personable wait staff.  Multiple interactions with various employees (hostess, waiter, a supervisor) were appropriately fun and light hearted.   I can't wait to return to Graze.  The food is amazing, the wait staff is attentive and I love that this is a local restaurant that supports local food sources.~burgers burger burger burger burger bacon ribs cheese fries garlic burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~_89pokAAh44za7aRPXOwIw~Shrip, crab, steak, cheese, cake what more could a girl ask for. We were looking for a vegas buffet and we definitely found it here. The chicken was a little dry and some of the meat was okay.  But over all very good. The best buffet I have ever had and I felt like I was going to a tea party!~steak cheese cake chicken tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~g6RzWV_nV7QJRPn-_uxkZQ~Big Ass Burger was awesome! Great $5 mojitos. Service was excellent. Best place to go in Scottsdale!~burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~qYkNEDyRjJ1q4EycNf3g3A~I really dislike their cupcakes. The cake itself is flavourless, and I've always found the icing too buttery and sweet. And no wonder with 700 calories and 30 grams of fat in their regular cupcakes. That is so disastrous and isn't acceptable in any way. 300 calories - ok. 700? No way Prarie Girl. This is not the age for it. I can honestly make far tastier and healthier cupcakes at home. There are places where they do it better but those are mostly boutique shops a little far from downtown.~cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~p-Wd_g69688CC2Vx80bqog~We went to Aloha Hawaiian BBQ for lunch on Sunday.  We had the Chicken Cutlet.  The Gravy was ONO.  The BBQ Mix plate.  The BBQ Chicken.  BBQ bowl and spam musubi.  Have to say it was delicious.  Why can I say that...When we go the food there was no noise from us we were too busy eating.  Fast service and good food.  Very good we will come back soon.~chicken bbq chicken ~5 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~HNU0-xK3-qbXZIwJEnYw6A~Loved, loved, loved this place.  When we sat down and looked at the menu and the nice micro beer and wine list and thought man if this place had cocktails it would be perfect.  Guess what, they have a secret assortment of liquor and a great kick ass Manhattan that is the trifecta of large, strong, and tasty.  Ok because I am also about the food, the food was amazing.   We started with the Charcuterie plate of 2 cheeses and 2 meats (I would have liked some more interesting cheeses and would love to see some more creativity with a chutney) the Caprese Salad, and the Fingerling Potatoes.  All three were nicely sized for sharing and nicely priced. We moved on to try three of the salads. The Italian was a nice assortment of meats and greens with Parmesan. The roasted veggie salad had beets, onions, green beans, summer squash with greens.  The Ashland was baby spinach with bacon onions and Parmesan. The dressing choices were a nice Parmesan peppercorn and a weirdly gloppy fat free Italian (just about the only miss tonight). For our next round we tried the tasty Sausage and Mushroom and the more interesting and even more tasty pesto prosciutto flatbreads.  Both were crisp and chewy and perfect.  I had the Green Chili Pork. This little casserole of tasty was had pork chunks and onions in a nicely balanced green chili sauce with just a bit of heat (I would add jalapeos next time).  Next to this I had the AuGratin Potatoes. Shaped like a load of corn bread, these were some of the best AuGratins I have ever had.  We split the bittersweet chocolate cake with vanilla gelato and raspberry sauce.  Nice balance but a slight miss with too cold gelato but still very good. Great service with good recommendations, wine and beer and the $140 bill seemed like a steal.  We will be back for sure.~cheeses cheeses salad salads greens salad green beans summer squash greens spinach bacon sausage mushroom pork pork corn bread chocolate cake ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~ND_Yowv2DicEyAp5MmwNGw~Another great Mad Mex location right in Robinson close to the mall. I met up with my father who was staying close to the airport overnight, and I actually had a bit of trouble finding the place (it's cryptically hidden facing the highway on the first floor of an office building. Once I found the parking lot, though, it was smooth sailing, good company, and good food. One thing I will complain about, which happens at every Mad Mex location, is they put small tables incredibly close to other tables- which means that you're essentially immersed in both of your neighboring tables' conversations (and vise versa). However, the food was really great- I had a taco salad and they allowed me to substitute the beef for tofu (which was above par). The waitress was incredible, not even considering that it was a crazy busy Friday night. I probably won't eat there again because I live closer to the Oakland and Shadyside locations, but I definitely recommend it.~taco salad beef tofu ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZA9MBvFVCoQ9t_V-qd-dWg~Terrible bank like atmosphere.   Best burger in town.~burger ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~EWi9Lk-XImHOFGlNry0gXw~I've had good, and I have had bad.  The good, actually the best, were the Oysters.  Fresh, clean, chilled, and tastes like the ocean.  Having grown up on the ocean, I was shocked to eat oysters in Madison, WI that tasted like they had just been pulled out of the water.  I've had both burgers, and I think either one is ok.  The spendy burger, as I like to call it, just has WAY too much going on to really appreciate any one component.  I appreciate the ambition of this dish, but too much gets lost in the process.  The average burger is, well, it's average.  Far better burgers in other places around town.  The trout plate was simply amazing, and I was again stammered by it because I have been a fisherman for most of my life and trout have been my primary catch.  The bone marrow is something that you think might be gross, but once you've got it dressed up on the bread it all comes together well.  I'm not a person who easily deals with soft textures, but the marrow had me wanting more.  The cheese curds are hit or miss.  Some days, they are simply amazing.  Light, crispy and not overdone (I mean this in terms of cooking and size of curd), the first time I had these I knew they were the best I had eaten.  The pork entree, quite frankly, sucked when I ordered it.  I was shocked at how tough the ribs were, but the pulled pork was great.  The liver appetizer was good, and you'll probably love it if you're a liver person.  The fries are usually amazing.  Pork bun was good...I don't know what else one can say about a Pork bun.  I've eaten a couple of other items, but I can't remember enough about them to comment here.  That's not a dig on Graze, but I have found myself thinking that the biggest issue there is consistency.  Service has always been great when I have gone.  Alcohol selections are good as well.  I'll definitely be back because it's usually a good experience.  I've had some bad experiences, but I'm not going to hold those over Graze's head and get all uppity about it.  There are few restaurants in this world that are perfect.  Also, as much as people loved Soleil...I find the new location to be FAR better.  Ditto for L'Etoile.  Even though they just moved up the street, the ambiance and views are exponentially better.~burgers burger burger burgers cheese pork ribs pulled pork ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Q3I7iHXtgA32O2fudBzv1g~Excellent!  Stumbled across this place on trip to Madison - I may have to do a road trip just to return to Graze!  Beautiful view of the capital in a trendy atmosphere.  Server was just wonderful and very knowledgeable about everything on the menu.  The beet salad is an explosion of diverse flavors and textures: sweet beets and figs, buttery crunchy crostini, creamy goat cheese - wow!  Being informed that the Graze Burger won best burger in the U.S. by James Beard, I had to give it a try - it held up to that reputation!~beet salad cheese burger burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~txi7qRlpHFMxLPSF1CmXgQ~Torn!  I'm always torn with high end buffets!  The decor was beautiful, and the variety of foods that you have to choose from is enormous!  But in the end, MOST of it is just breakfast food!  They did have a few items that were unique, stood out, and were delicious, but if you tend to stick to traditional breakfast fare, you're really not going to get your money's worth!  The service was average, but they were friendly and polite.  But for as much as this places charges, it wasn't that crowded, and it took quite a while to receive our first cup of coffee.  I was expecting a little more.  But if you're looking for the wow factor when it comes to selection and decor, this buffet is perhaps the best that I've been to.  Overall, if you're looking for a Vegas buffet experience, it's worth the visit!~coffee ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~4BCkBcVeFnLwniDHcIyICw~It is the ever changing menu that brings me in to Elements about once a month and my confidence in Chef Beau's creations. The ever changing menu generally changes about once a month. With every change I am there!!  Although the menu changes nearly every month they're a few items that to the core stay the same but has invited new guests to hang out for the "Mouth Party". Every menu change focuses on whats in season, what's fresh locally and I'm guessing Chef's mood. The core menu items that will usually make it to the dance are Foie Gras, Escargot, Elemental Soup, Duck Breast, Filet Mignon and Seafood. Sometimes he knocks these dishes out of the park while other times they FAIL. The most recent menu 3/2011 was not particularly my favorite. The Elemental soup was basically a water based Mushroom Boullion and it was weak. The Calamari was very, very, very amateure and the Duck failed to impress. Some highlights of Beau's recent menu were the Foie, and the 5 spice pork osso buco??? The pork with the Buddah buns really hit on all points.   The reason I give this place 4 stars is because it well deserves it. The reason in which I don't give 5 is because I order around 7-8 dishes and every time most impress but there is always one or two that are complete misses and I get pissed. Foie Gras pudding....nope, Dayboat Scallops were really missing there nutty, buttery sweetness and the sear on these gigantic suckers was not present. Others however like Escargot pot pie / Escargot Wontons and the most recent Escargot spring rolls wrapped in phyllo was killer. I trust Beau with every Foie dish and any Pork dish. The Kurabata Pork Belly Fried Rice is Killer.   Make your reservation for an outside table about 40 minutes prior to sunset for what I consider to be one of the best locations to enjoy an excellent dinner with a beautifull sunset. Enjoy!!~soup soup mushroom pork osso buco pork pie pork pork fried rice ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~02c6UETmG6iXHnN0Ymqddw~Not the best in Vegas but pretty good. They deliver too and that's awesome, especially if you lazy. Love their hamburger steak and musubis!~hamburger steak ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~smqCWNz6radCV5y6C46hNA~We went for lunch, and had the fried cheese curds. I also had the Korean Reuben (i.e., a Reuben with kimchi instead of sauerkraut). The variety and creativity of the menu is fantastic. The price is good for the quality. Recommended.~cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Lo9BTvu38k9IdChzGjcJXg~its actually a no star buffet.  It was all gross. prime rib was over done, i only stuck with the fruits and desserts, i guess they can have one star for good coffee.  Come to Wynn for clubbing, not eat, very very disappointed for this level of casino.~desserts coffee ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ctUwqEksMQ1CD9fF1KtRpA~I gotta say I was disappointed.  We went for lunch. Ordered a half sandwich and soup - grilled cheese and sweet pea. Definitely not impressed. Soup was fine but too much cream. Grilled cheese was uninspired. Hardly any cheese. Grilled onion flavor dominated.  My friend orders the pulled pork sandwich and substituted fries for the cheese curds.  The sandwich had hardly any meat. How is that even conceivable?  The cheese curds were meh, sent them back for a salad. Mixed greens.  Service notes:   ... The waitress didn't tell what items weren't available. Of course I picked the one not available.  ... I asked to taste the soup before I ordered it. Kitchen said no. I said fine I'll send it back if I didn't care for it. It was ok.  ... They brought us the wrong meals.   Unimpressed. And honestly, I was so looking forward to it.~sandwich soup cheese soup cheese cheese onion pulled pork ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OImbV6JMRlBAdNIcREpqFQ~If you haven't been here yet....then you're missing out!!  Big Ass Burgers, Fried Chicken, and a happy hour that is worth every penny.....shall I say more??~burgers fried chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~LMK7PhOLUiB_0ctSH8SRcQ~What a fantastic dining experience!  Graze caters my company's annual anniversary dinner so we had a pretty good experience with them about a year ago.  After seeing that our normal brunch was overloaded, we wandered downtown Madison and wandered into Graze.  This place is joining our restaurant rotation.  Everything here is local and they list the farmers and local organic places they support with the food that they're producing.  The results are really delicious foods that surprisingly won't break the bank.    I had the Ramen noodle bowl and my girlfriend had the Nutella stuffed French Toast.  Both were really, really good.  Graze additionally has lemonade that is flavored with a seasonal fruit (in our case, Plum).  This was also delicious.  What really took the cake was the vodka battered cheese curds.  Amazing.  Probably now my favorite cheese curds ever.  The housemade dill ranch they serve with it was out of this world.  So far I've used yelp to highlight the best and the worst places only.  If I could extra star highlight Graze, I would.~ramen french toast plum cake cheese cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BxuCkMSfVl38uhCZ--aabA~My favorite neighborhood restaurant. Food is awesome and the staff is very friendly. Green Chili Pork and the Big Ass Burger are amazing with a Goose Island Belgian Style Ale.~pork burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~o7sb3qiomB6nuHZOsVsWSw~700 calories per $3 cupcake. Firstly expensive. Secondly with 700 cal, Prairie Girl what are you guys making... Cupcakes or BigMacs?! Honestly, the  cupcakes themselves are overloaded with frosting and the cake portion tastes plain nasty. I would not recommend this place at all. Save yourself the bad experience and go elsewhere.~cupcakes cupcakes cake ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~drDpZLseIf7M0iZiYsnl5A~The downtown location has turned into a dump!!!  Waited 1 hr for a beef sandwich.  People actually applauded when they called their order.  All trash cans were full and stacked with plates.  Sauce container was empty with plastic forks at the bottom that had fallen in.  The food was sloppy and they had a bunch of teenagers running the business.  The filth was gross!!  I used to be a fan but now I'm taking 1 yr off before I return!!~beef sandwich ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~6tPlN3t4YTLLinroF1rYuw~I have yet to taste better pakistani food in my life!  Lahore Tikka House is good, Ghandi Roti tasty but neither comes even close to the flavours served up at King Palace.  Give the ginger chicken a try (packs a punch of heat and complex flavor), bhaji kashmiri and and any of the curries.  We tend to order the 3 veg on rice and 3 meat with naan to go (both come with salad, yogurt dressing on the side and drink) and there is sooo much left over between 2 people even eating like complete pigs.    It usually comes out to around 20$, insane!  I am in love!  If you are eating in it's pretty no frills, more of a cafeteria style setting.  Parking out front and easy to walk to from bloor and yonge.  Make sure to get a plastic bag, that reddish oil seeping out of the containers is hell to get out of anything if it spills.~ginger chicken salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~MigB3TFosWbhOIOANIFuhQ~hands down - BEST buffet in Vegas! :)  The selection and quality of food really surpasses the other mediocre buffets. The selection is so vast that you can't taste everything there - so choose wisely! The best thing is that you can sample all types of foods from just ONE buffet. I tried so many things that I've been meaning to try from one trip to Wynn! Kobe beef sliders, cerviches, indian curry, smoked trout, korean kimchi, mexican salsa/guac, sushi, greek salads, brie, salami, pancakes, french toast, etc etc.. and thier dessert selection was immense!  The service is superb. You ask for hot tea, and you get a whole array of tea bags and honey to choose form. Order a coffee, you get a whole pot to yourself. You can have salads tossed for you and ice-cream dishes made for you on demand.   Go for lunch! Prices are decent~ 24 with tax and the food you get is very similar to dinner may be w o crab legs ~beef smoked trout, salsa/ sushi, salads, salami, pancakes, french toast, tea, tea honey coffee, salads 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rvlNrpw-2fSu4zRNRLG0xg~The atmosphere is great as well as the service. I had the burger and the Mac and cheese. The Mac n cheese and the fries were awesome! But the burger  was average as best. Overall above average.~burger mac and cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JqTjb6WEF5M5JxEafgMyGA~I love the cozy feel of Roaring Fork, but what's even better than the atmosphere is their incredible happy hour menu. I think they have one of the best happy hours in town, especially when they start their all-night happy hour during the summer months! That's right, I said all night happy hour! Their happy hour menu includes their signatures items including the pork stew, fish tacos and the Big Ass burger...and yes friends, it's truly a Big Ass Burger! Keep an eye on their updates because a little birdie told me that the all night happy hour is coming to town very soon!~pork tacos burger burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~Z86UMxhkV8DRwWU-3dRY4g~Prairie Girl Bakery is no doubt esthetically pleasing.  Clean, crisp and picture perfect cupcakes are displayed with an operation that resembles a magical cupcake factory that only Willy Wonka could conjure up!  Their cupcakes however, leave something a little less to the imagination.  The cake itself lacks flavour and could probably be replicated with a storebought cupcake mix.  The icing, (leaning on the sweeter side) is generous and satisfying.    Since opening, this little cupcake factory has definitely skyrocketed among the Bay-Street types with immense popularity and I don't see it fading any time soon.  Even bankers need a lil' bit of sugar with their latte's and for that, Prairie Girl delivers.~cupcakes cupcakes cake ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9VR6jCw-fqHh3-CMzxwkcg~Decided to finally try this place, so glad I did! I was really craving a lobster roll but they are only available for lunch and we arrived around 7. I knew I couldn't get one but was excited to eat there anyway. My boyfriend and I both ordered the special... Alaskan king crab legs caught by the people from The Deadliest Catch! It cost $100 for 2 dinners but so worth it. They cut the crab so the meat basically falls out on it's own. They were insane. So sweet so meaty. Red skin smashed potatoes and charred asparagus were the sides served the crab. Everything was delicious! We also enjoyed the mini crab cake appetizer, complimentary, thanks to checking in on Yelp :) The staff was friendly and knowledgable on the menu. We also had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Wholey, he came to our table and introduced himself. They have a nice selection of craft beers. I had an All Day session IPA and loved it. 5 stars no complaints!!~lobster roll asparagus crab cake ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~ccYhCXB8GVGjDnbUueAtOA~Very prompt service during happy hour on a busy Friday. My waitress Alysha was super attentive and polite even though she was working a party of over 15 next to me. I went especially for the seasonal Summer "Watermelon Mojito" and I ordered a Jalapeo turkey burger. Everything was delicious!~burger ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~j1B2bzL2raHsHOy3eAaYPA~This is my new favorite place for Indian food in Toronto. They're open till 6 in the morning and are a great alternative to a 24 hour Mickeys for those late night cravings. They also have parking right in front of the restaurant and so that headache is taken care of. The food is excellent although some dishes are really oily. All the food including the kebabs is prepepared and heated up in a microwave before being served although i don't think it reduces the taste of the food too much and everything is still pretty delicious. The chicken shahi is one of the extra oily dishes. While it tastes really good, the amount of oil in it is disgusting and makes you feel a bit sick. The chicken tikka masala isn't what you'd expect. Instead of chicken tikkas thrown into a butter chicken like gravy, it has a completely different gravy that is a lot spicier and a bit too harsh for me. The Kashmiri chicken has methi (fenugreek) in it and since i hate anything thats green, this is my least favorite dish on the menu. I usually get the butter chicken though which i really love. It is still really heavy but tastes really good and doesn't seem to have the floating oil problem that a lot of the other dishes have. They also have a lot of dishes that most places don't have on their menu like haleem and even brain masala which is exactly what you think it is. I did get the mango lassi once but wouldn't recommend it. It wasn't thick like its supposed to be and was a bit of a waste tbh. Overall though i have never left kings palace unsatisfied and i believe almost everything on the menu is really good. Kings palace also seems to be pretty popular with the cabbies of Toronto and there are usually a couple of cabs parked outside. Their food is priced really well and so maybe that is a factor in involved. The combo system seems like the way to go with 2 naans, a drink and a salad along with your food coming up to about 12 bucks. They also have an option to have three dishes instead of one for the same price which seems like a really good deal except they're all still put into the same bowl and so by the end of it you're eating something that has a little bit of the other two dishes in it as well. My only complaint with kings palace is the bathrooms which are absolutely filthy and unfortunately a must to wash your hands after the butter chicken. I usually try to sneak into the ladies washroom which is a bit cleaner for some reason. Overall a great place and definitely a better bet than lahore tikka house which i never liked to begin with.~chicken chicken chicken butter chicken chicken butter chicken mango lassi salad butter chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UmUN3xNsG6h294r2NZojMQ~Forty dollars per person is pretty high for a Buffett.  This is just an average Buffett. I had the salad which tasted like it came out of a bag. It was ok.  We were there for Sunday brunch and had the orange juice-I was expecting fresh squeezed but it was not even something I wanted to drink, tasted like it came from a powder mix.  The French toast was very good but my coffee was bland and watery.  The croissants were excellent.  The freshly chopped up fruit is nice too but all in all a pricy Buffett for the overall quality of the food.~salad french toast coffee ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~B467kNv1WwSQBJlKJRmdYA~The absolute highest creativity and quality you'll find in Scottsdale.  All the regular items are wonderful and the rotating dishes like the BLT salad are outstanding.  The ribs - YES.  The barbequed chicken - OH YEAH.  The green chile mac and cheese - HMMMM.  In the dining room or bar (best deals), you'll love it.~salad ribs chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZFSaiRh7JH-YJ1NtUGhcdQ~Great space directly across from the State Capitol. Great vibe and decor.  If I worked nearby, I'd want to hang out here after work.  Enjoyed six of the many cheeses they offer for their cheese plate, but the cheese plate was not as good as the one at Eno Vino in Middleton.  Graze cheese plate comes with a sweet blueberry jam which I didn't think was an ideal fit for the sharp cheese they offer.  I feel that sharp cheese requires a stronger flavor such as apricot jam or honey. Cheese plates in other restaurants often include grapes, apples, pears, olives and/or nuts. Graze's cheese plate seems skimpy and boring in comparison.~cheeses cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese apricot honey cheese grapes cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~VHrebfF1MEOe5OYpt5nlvA~solid 4 stars  pro tip: go right before 1pm to get in for the transition where you get to try both brunch and lunch/dinner meals together!  they honestly had great prime rib and almost nothing else...however, the dessert section more than made up for it...green tea ice cream, creme brulee, panna cotta, tiramisu to die for~tea ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Qn0uG2yTzBVm8W5OQ0melg~Named one of the best buffets in Vegas, we were not disappointed. We came for the Monday holiday brunch, after going through the waiting line took ~40 minutes but I felt it was definitely worth the wait Decor of the main dining area is breathtakingly extravagant resembling an Alice in Wonderland setting where all the pieces are made of flowers however we were seated off to the side decorated in vibrant warm colors yellow orange reds With the exception of the sushi everything I ate tasted amazing was flavored and cooked well Their juice bar includes fresh mixed juice drinks I even overheard a gentleman asking for a pitcher of it The meats station offers many hot cuts of meat sliced to order The desserts are not overly sweet include interesting flavors of ice cream although I think some of the chocolate desserts are too much chocolate Overall service was pleasant and efficient My favorite dish was eggs in purgatory a poached egg yolk still runny plus points served atop a tomato mixture ~sushi, desserts ice cream, desserts egg ( tomato 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~X0-IY8qjLrNSsHCR5c9TDA~Valentines day is supposed to be a pleasent memory. This one was not, courtesy of Luke Wholeys.    After arriving early for a reservation, we placed an order at the bar for old bay peel and eat shrimp. 5 mins after placing that order we were ushered to our table. The bar staff assured me that the shrimp would be sent to the tableside. It took them another 45 mins to present half a dozen peel and eat shrimp and no old bay seasoning. Cocktail sauce tasted more of horseradish rather than a traditional sauce.   Lobster bisque fries: arrived 20 mins ahead of the peel and eat shrimp and  whilst visually appealing, it left much to be desired. Lobster meat was rubbery and overcooked, almost artificial in taste. Fries were limp and soaked in grease as well as the bisque. Bisque had an overpowering sherry taste to it. Almost drowning any other flavor profile.    Main course, had hoped that it would have rebounded the already dismal experience so far, but was as inadequate as the rest of the meal. Baja blackened shrimp and scallops with a jasmine rice bed and four grilled asparagus. Rice was covered in a sweet balsamic reduction that tasted more soy sauce then balsamic vinegar reduction. Shrimp and scallops were overcooked and had the feel of rubber bouncing balls.       It will be a very long time before i ever decide to return, if at all~shrimp shrimp shrimp horseradish fries shrimp fries shrimp jasmine asparagus soy sauce shrimp ~1 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~2VrT60b0y81yaHcv0p3BGA~Tuesdays is 1/2 off oysters so the sign outside the restaurant caught my eye. You can't beat $12 for a dozen! My 2 little boys had the chicken tenders and grilled cheese. First of all, the chicken tenders are made from real chicken (not like those freezer tenders or nuggets) and the batter was just the right amount. I had the mahi-mahi tacos and it had just the right amount of heat to it. My husband had the fish & chips. There were 3 good-size portions and there was definitely more fish than batter. My husband, who is normally a big eater, could not even finish even after I helped eat 1 of the fish portions. The batter is not the deep-fried batter and it was delicious. The restaurant makes their own sauce and this definitely even added points. I had the mahi-mahi tacos which on the menu it said you only get 2. I expected the portion to be tiny since they are appetizers but the portions were enough for it to be a meal for me. Finally, we had the pumpkin cheesecake which even with 4 people was a big portion to share. We had to take 1/2 of it home, along with the fish & chips. The icing on the cake for us was Angie, our server. She is the best server I have ever had. She was very attentive, always refilling our drinks (soda only) without us asking. We would be halfway through our drinks and in she comes with our next round, and even filling to-go cups for us. She was very friendly, and for her alone this review is more than 5 stars!~chicken cheese chicken chicken tacos chips tacos appetizers pumpkin chips cake ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~3i-XOxgqzO2WmdTn0UHqOg~Cool Spot in a Hot Town. What a hidden treasure. This place has atmosphere, great service and "big ass" food. The service was tremendous sitting at the bar. We ordered the Big Ass Burger and shared it because it was one "big ass" burger. Ceiling fans and misters keep you nice and cool on the patio in temperatures over 100. The bartenders are friendly and deliver great service.  The food is out of this world.  We recommend the BLT salad and Big Ass Burger. Stop by this restaurant to cool your heels and fill your belly.~burger burger salad burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~jdfZ9gOzmPauCr3zicErqw~Went here for the first time for Sunday Brunch. Brunch without bottomless glass of mimosa or Bloody Mary was $37 per person. We arrived around 11am and was told it was an hour wait. I had friends rave that it's the best buffet in Vegas...so we waited. It was more like an hour and a half before we were seated.   The decor is lovely with colourful (albeit fake) flowers and the room is very bright with natural light.   I started with breakfast foods. Eggs Benedict was good, but I prefer the Bellagios hollandaise. Omelette made to order was the best part of the breakfast selections. Weirdly no type of breakfast potato or hash brown. (Actually now thinking back no potatoes of any kind at the carving station either). There was a fruit and yogurt bar for lighter choices and interesting little carafes of juices like watermelon ginger.  Returned to the table to find juice and coffee. OJ was fresh. Coffee not so much.   For the lunch options I tried their roast beef. The carver was spaced out and I had to ask repeatedly for a med-rare piece. He first placed well done on my plate without looking at me or listening to what I was saying. The piece I got was pretty good. I also tried their charcuterie board that had some nice salami and pickles.  By the time we got to the dessert station we were too full to enjoy. There is a homemade ice cream bar and lots of little pastries.   Overall tons of options of general good quality. Best in Vegas? Not for me, but if eating decent food until you break the elastic in your stretchy pants is your thing, this is a good option. For the price point, I'd rather have one course of seriously delicious food.~eggs benedict potato brown ginger coffee coffee beef salami pickles ice cream pastries ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~oVZpT0NdKxApXrsAUKpBqQ~Food was amazing, crab cake was phenomenal. We ordered the calamari, mussels, three rivers sushi entree, Maui mahi taco, mini crab cakes.  Everything came out great and tasty, except the mussels, while it tasted delicious, there were multiple dead and stinky ones.  A older gentleman walked around and talked to customers, and he asked how everything was and I told him. He said it would be taken off, however the manager (different person) took off 50% for the dish after we told the waiter that brought our check at full price. Now I don't care about the $7.50, but it's more about customer service. I've managed restaurants also, and I wouldn't ever refund for a dish if there was no problem and it's just the customer being difficult, but the mussels were dead and there's practically nothing inside, except for the lining of the mussel. Don't tell me you'd refund me for the dish that you made with dead mussels and then not do it. It's a matter of principle, the money is not an issue.  This is the first time visiting Pittsburgh, and I heard good things about this place. Food was good, customer service, not that great. And customer service/experience is a big part of my dining experience. Waiter was good though.~crab cake ~2 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~vgKa5I5ffkRST2z_PAMsug~Stopped in after reading reviews. I had 1/2 tuna & salad bar. Partner had 1/2 pastrami & salad bar. Both 1/2 sandwiches huge & delicious. Salad bar full of fresh veggies, greens, potato salad, mini muffins. Ice cream too. Had their own brand flatbread crackers that were outstanding. Employee Jason came to table to make sure we were happy, very personable. Hostess Pamela who took our order was top notch, friendly, gave us good suggestions from menu. Even gave me sample of tuna before I ordered. Great place to go~tuna salad pastrami salad sandwiches salad greens potato salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~fZWPCgBrVEfP-2tHvYlQ-A~Oh my happy happy mouth and belly!  I think I can happily put this in the category of some of the best food I've ever eaten. The restaurant is great and the service was impeccable. I was there with a group of other Yelp CMs and we were treated to an absolute feast! I can't do justice to the massive amount of food we ate, but everything was unbelievable.  I shared a steak, and it was tender and perfectly cooked and the mashed potatoes were insanely good! They were creamy, smooth and rich. The chicken flat bread was very tasty, as was the green chile mac and cheese. Every dish was heavenly and I don't think I've ever been so full!! Yet I wanted to eat 100 times more!  This was truly a memorable experience and I'm really excited to go back!~steak chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~h8wHXFALgloI0By4nh_4hw~Food was great. Macaroni noodles were maybe a little over cooked. I would stay away from the chicken was a bit dry. The pork is the best choice. Tall, bald, older man who seemed to be a manager was rude not only to me and other customers but I heard him chew out the bus boy.  I would go back but maybe a different hour in hopes to avoid the rude cashier/manager.~chicken pork ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~C0LRjcS_UglnxsNr939f5Q~Great service- even better food had the loaded breakfast sandwich the egg was cooked perfectly the hubby ordered the bagel and lox -very fresh. Has the cheese curds to start with- best decision ever. Very happy with food and service.~sandwich egg cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n3hbehzq_Lut-rllTsihZA~Amaaaaaazzzing every time!!!!  4th  visit today.  Happy hour is ammmmmaaaaazzzing!!!!  I have had the chicken flat bread,  fish tacos,  and tonight  a special grit,  quacamole salsa cake that was a daily "special" !!! Those items are amazzzzzinggg !!!  Ingredients are fresh and the items are consistent every visit.  The huckleberry margarita is  amazzzzing every visit!!  The drinks are cheap during happy hour and definitely good!!!  Yeh!!  Best happy hour place in Scottsdale"!  My friend loves the "Big Ass Burger"!!~chicken tacos salsa cake burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Qj5XEKv1naLqTeax9P8FBA~This place is okay.  Food is fair, service fair but slow, drinks ( weak ), price a little high.  I have gone for happy hour a few times and the burger is good but after that very disappointing.  Modeled a little after Houston's that where the comparisons stop.... Food is nowhere near Houston's.  Drinks are all water and they charge you for a double if you order vodka on the rocks... Really!!!  My advise head down to old town.... It is 1 mile south!~burger ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~3brA4CRMWggdo2F_LZHvRg~I had expected a top quality dining experience and got a prepackaged meal.   Evidently, the meals are made-ahead and reheated. All I wanted was a piece of grilled salmon. This is NOT a culinary challenge, especially since they had salmon with crab stuffing on the menu, so I figured how hard is it to make the salmon without the crab? It's impossible, evidently, because the meals have been made in advance. This would be OK at a strip mall chain place, but this place is trying to be fine dining.  The decor was trying to be urban/arty but the art was oddly hung and uneven in quality, as if some actual art had been purchased but other pieces had been painted by somebody's retired aunt. Also, there is more to decorating than exposed brick. Just sayin.   Drinks were very expensive (like New York City expensive) and the pour was very light.  Waitstaff was eager but sort of giddy.   We won't be returning.~salmon salmon salmon ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5oSM_SiVLc8SdJ02mrNfOw~Ambience: Bright, colorful, and comfortable. The enticing colored furniture and unique chandeliers made this buffet stand out from The Spice Market Buffet. There are probably 5-6 large dining areas. The booths and the leather covered seats were very comfortable.   Service: The attentive staff was remarkable. Much better here than other buffets in Vegas. I ordered coffee, ginger ale, iced tea and water and the staff kept them coming and cleared the table when needed.  Food: THE MOST important thing about buffets is that the food MUST NOT BE OVERCOOKED and/or DRY(especially if you are going in late after the lunch or dinner rush)... Everything I tried was not at all those things. There were a few items that needed salt but I preferred adding my salt rather than eating an entree that was too salty. With buffets there are always certain items that are a hit or miss due to personal preferences. Highlights: Chilean Seabass- melted in my mouth!! It was an absolute a delicacy and my favorite. The red snapper was very delicate as well. The steak, salads, and breads were good. Out of all the desserts my favorite were the wonderful gelato/ice cream selection with a homemade crepe and the moist chocolate cake. FYI- they only serve crepes for dinner, so after 3:30pm. Also, since we had a late lunch the chefs had to turnover to dinner so they put out crab legs and other seafood items. The nice thing about this buffet is that they cut the legs in half so it's much easier to just pick the meat out of the open shell rather than having to deshell it yourself.  This is a pricier buffet but definitely worth trying at least once!  I will have to try some of the other buffets and come back to give this one an update.~coffee ginger tea steak salads breads desserts ice cream chocolate cake ~5 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~L8uPI5AT4HkxACpNu6u7YQ~I went back last night for some late night food and drinks after a movie, and need to update this a bit.  The food and drinks are great.  Seafood Chowder and potato pancakes with smoked salmon are amazing.  I am addicted to their steamed mussels.  The food is still excellent.  Enjoyed some Two Brothers on tap, Baily's and Coffee for my buddy, and they had an Irish like folk band playing that was really good.  The service was horrific.  There might have been two other full tables besides us, along with just two or three people at the bar.  The place was not packed at all.  It was damn near impossible to get served.  The waitress would not even look at us most the night.  I don't know what happened?  During a nearly full lunch hour, the service was spot on before.  We could not even get our bill after asking several times.  Really, you guys don't want to get money for the meal and drinks?  OK, fine with me.  We ended up just putting some cash on the table and left.    I am thinking of taking off another star.  Though the food, vibe, and drinks was still excellent.~chowder potato pancakes ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~PV9-pp1N2LvFb4hX473yyg~The Wynn Buffet is kind of a Sunday morning ritual for me - I like to go before 9:00 am while the club kiddies are still sound asleep - there's usually no line at all. The food choices may seem a bit exotic to visitors used to plainer fare at breakfast, but the omelet station is always reliable and the coffee is good. Meat selections are outstanding. Desserts are kind of a weak point - they tend to feature lighter, less sweet, pastry-like choices that may appeal more to dieters and Europeans than Americans who want their mega-blast of sugar. Service is excellent here, and you never have to wait long for drinks and refills. The dining areas are a lot nicer than in most other Strip buffets.   Price is a negative - the food is good but probably not quite good enough to justify the premium they charge over other buffets. Certainly if you are staying at the Wynn it's better to eat here than to walk to Venetian or TI just to save a few bucks.~coffee desserts ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~8pjl1RMtPx0czaewTQtmHA~My first visit to a Jason's deli and it's wonderful! Love the little nods to southern food. Anyplace with sweet tea and gumbo are okay by me. It's clean and well maintained.   I had the pastrami sandwich with grilled onions and au jus. It was sooo good. Also some potatoe salad and broccoli cheddar soup. The tea options are great too for a tea lover like myself. Awesome prices too. Only $15 for the two if us.   The best part if the meal was the employees though! We were greeted by Russell upon entering with a great smile and a warm hello. Both Russell and Andrew helped my friend and I decide on our order. They were not just helpful but so sweet and came by our table several times to make sure we were taken care of. Great personalities.. Great staff! Thank you Russell and Andrew for making my first Jason's Deli experience awesome.   I just wish they had one close to where I live in Orange County California!~tea gumbo pastrami sandwich salad broccoli soup tea tea ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~k2hEtrGdU1m2Wvvpqqv0JQ~Went here with some friends for some drinks and appetizers and had a nice time. Great place for a more trendy and upscale experience. I mainly wanted a few drinks, but couldn't pass on trying some appetizers. I had the mac n cheese with pulled pork. The mac n cheese was incredibly good, as was the pulled pork, but I definitely preferred the mac n cheese by itself. If I ordered it again, I would ask for extra bread crumbs...no pork.   I also ordered the Elderflower margarita, which was pretty good. One of my friends ordered the popcorn with truffle oil, which I thought was "ok". It definitely had a nice flavor, but I think some of the other menu items would have been a better choice. Another one of my friends ordered the cheese curds, which were the best I've had so far in Madison.  I defnitely want to go back when I'm more hungry and try the Moules Frites, fried chicken and waffle, and Graze burger. Also, they have a great dining specials, one of which includes oysters and infused vodka shots!~appetizers appetizers cheese pulled pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SWoBUATdzQq8ybdnzEFZNQ~it's been a while since we've been back. and i'd have to say since sampling other happy hours, i have to renege my initial "best happy hour in town" excitement. it's a tad pricey for a happy hour menu...10-15 buck apps and drinks for 5 bucks. the fish tacos are tasty, and the ahi tuna was ok, not the best i've had.   we've been here half a dozen times since moving to scottsdale and it's always been a reliable place. especially for a higher priced dinner. i hear the 'big-ass' burger is very good. unfortunately, we'll probably stick to a happy hour that leaves our wallet a little happier somewhere else.~tacos tuna burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~BS6AxWZ8YeyEKoFncCa9mQ~Still youda youda best! Best I ever had. I have yet to meet a Buffet as good as here. Still the same delicious king crab legs and rare prime rib with kick ass horseradish! The only problem is the price, it keeps going up and up dinner for 2 $92! But I have a generous hubby so we ate to our hearts content! I also loved all the new dessert items, the tapioca with mango mousse, to die for. I also loved the cinnamon pumpkin cake, wowza. I forever love this place. Happy New Year! P.S.  Didn't care for the ice tea, tropical flavor, I'm a plain girl!!~horseradish mango pumpkin cake tea ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~QaF36hZcp5NQn6ZoNQiXvQ~Great tasting flavourful cupcakes.  I wish they offered more customizable options. They sometimes have an eod sale sale on Friday evenings where they sell they sell cup cakes at 50% off regular price which is worth it. They can be a tad too sweet for some people though.~cupcakes ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~hIkk7j_23ZIzpXi-SaXy3g~We were so excited to try this unique concept and it was excellent!!! We had the pizza cones and they were yummy!  We also had the fries and tornado fries...both were great. We tried the pizza and the crust was so delicious and crisp. And we had the mild wings and they were so great that we were sorry that we had only ordered 1 pound. The owner was so nice and friendly. We WILL DEFINITELY  be going back really soon. You should try this place out...you'll be very happy you did!~fries fries ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~88tw80pnH8JcAoy5vWgGrQ~OK, here's my try at a comparative review of the Bellagio & Wynn dinner buffets - the two highest rated of the Vegas casino buffets (& the priciest). Was lucky to try both during my trip - reading previous reviews, looks like food selection varies slightly daily. My review is based on what I ate - there was alot that I did not try.  Price - Bellagio is cheaper ($30) vs Wynn ($35)  Interior/Atmosphere - Liked Wynn better - garden decorations, more airy brighter & comfortable, less noisy. Bellagio layout seemed more packed & noisy.  Service - Wynn servers were faster & more attentive and efficient (refills, plate  removal, coffee).   Food - Crab goes to Bellagio. Wynn only had split King Crab. Bellagio had King Crab & Snow crab. Both served the crab split & cold - straight from the box (Wynn server kept refilling the buffet straight from the box, they could have done this better). Flavor of both about the same, both very fresh tasting. Wynn provided drawn butter - Bellagio did not.  Shrimp was tie - great at both places.  - Red Meat goes to Wynn. Wynn prime rib was seasoned better - Bellagio tasted like any other buffet. Both offered leg of lamb but was dry. Bellagio offered Kobe sirloin - not memorable. Wynn offered lamb t-bone & osso bucco, both dry.  - Sushi goes to Bellagio. Wynn did not offer. Bellagio also offered Steak tartar - was not appealing or tasty.  - Salad/Fruit/Cheese/Cold meats - tie. I did not eat any green salads or fruit. Salad layouts looked great - I'd rate them a tie. Wynn had cold meats - very nice. Cheese at Bellagio was very nice (esp for dessert).  Desserts goes to Wynn. Preparation of the deserts was better & more variety - loved the mango lychee tapioca. Wynn had more variety & was nicely presented in individual plastic flutes. Coffee was hot at Bellagio, Wynn was warm.  In summary - Close Tie based on food alone. After trying both, I'm happy to report that both had very nice buffets & can highly recommend them both. If you are crunched for time & need to pick one, go for Wynn - based on atmosphere & service.~coffee butter shrimp lamb lamb sushi steak salad cheese salads salad cheese desserts mango lychee coffee ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~suTdWkNRVTjnHy_ZnXK8lQ~This used to be a great place for all hours Pakistani food and was frequented by many taxi drivers who needed delicious food to keep them on the road. Centrally located behind Toronto Reference, it was a go-to spot for me in my first years in Toronto.   Sadly , the indomitable Mr Butt has left for a new place at Sherbourne and Dundas and the food at King Palace has taken a dive. The Buttee chicken and the aloo gobi were decidedly meh and the place was in a state of disrepair. Also there were no cabbies to be seen.~chicken ~1 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~3Kji5RCyA5KebkGU2NWYlQ~Great place for Cuban food. It's a little, ahem, north for Southern Vegas peeps but definitely worth checking out. Like many other great restaurants in Vegas, the place is tucked inside a weird strip mall. But don't let that deter you.  It's on the smaller side and casual.  I had the ropa vieja (shredded beef) sandwich, which was really, really, REALLY good. I love ropa vieja but it was particularly tasty here; not too salty and very tender.  My husband had the pork sandwich but kept trying to eat off my plate. (That's how good the ropa vieja was.) I didn't taste the beans (not a fan of black beans), but hubby said they were also good.  We also had maduros, which were equally tasty and Materva, Cuban soda that has a citrus-y flavor. By the time we were done, we were too stuffed to get dessert.   Note, this food is good but if you're looking for healthy or cholesterol free....uh, this may not be the place for you. But you'll definitely be missing out!~beef sandwich pork sandwich black beans ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~s6_Yls_m7nFMoY976diC-Q~Ok, I gave Graze a 4 because for brunch, they're probably about a 3. But the Graze burger is a surefire 5. I'd skip brunch here and just save room for dinner. The graze burger is honestly one of the better things I've ever tasted.I mean.....  fresh ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs, caramelized onions, Worcestershire-cabernet jus, Swiss Emmental compound butter, SarVecchio sesame brioche, with fries & aioli (Modify to GF/DF)  For brunch, I was fooled into getting the pub burger, thinking it was the Graze burger. DO NOT MAKE THIS MISTAKE. The pub burger is just a burger. The Graze burger is otherworldly. The beet salad is also really nice. The curds are probably top 5 curds in Madison, and I LOVE the truffle popcorn.  Ok so for brunch, I've had the chicken fried steak, and others have gotten the pub burger and the corned beef hash. All of them were pretty good, but the portions aren't too large. The chicken fried steak is definitely a favorite of mine, but I wouldn't hate if it were a little bigger.  It's pretty tough to get a table at Graze- you should always have someone go at least 30 minutes ahead of when you want to be seated to put in your name (they don't take call ahead reservations). One nice thing is that they'll take your number and text you when your table is ready, so you can explore the area around the capitol while you wait. Also the people-watching from the tables is top-notch. I usually will wait a few more minutes to be seated against the windows. Last thing is that the wait staff comes off as a little pretentious... I've found that it's very hit or miss. Sometimes we'll get someone really relatable and nice, and other times there will be people that I imagine rolling their eyes at me as soon as they turn around. Also what's up with the tiny dishes of ketchup?! I'll take the full bottle, please.~burger burger bacon ribs swiss butter fries burger burger burger burger burger beet salad popcorn chicken fried steak ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~uvOZlHJ_yGh0ijHfOxHxOQ~I had the green chili pork dish. I was amazing. The staff was friendly. She asked what we thought of the place and the food. Place was small but cute. I would definitely come back. Have nothing negative to report.~pork ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~5r7XlelUEDU-z8monF-BMA~I was here when I was celebrating a birthday. We ordered a delicious aged mac and cheese with panko breadcrumbs. Absolutely delicious. Great atmosphere. Open concept, glass tables, and superb lighting.~mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~QTsRTYWbezAcB8BeNV4xJg~Food was ok. I think I had set my expectations too high, good variety, good quality and very clean. The wait staff was off tonight. The main job was to clear the dishes and refill drinks.. I had to ask on 3 different occasions for ice tea and I only had 3 ice teas.. And I was not alone the 2 tables down from me had similar issues.. I tried it and next time I will try rio.~tea ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~6uMaV_6255zN520ALwtawg~My husband and I decided to check out Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille for our anniversary this past Friday night.  The food was truly excellent. The lobster bisque was robust and flavorful, featuring two very large pieces of lobster claw meat, as well as plenty of other small bits of lobster.  My husband had yellowfin sashimi.  It was hands down the best thing we ate on Friday evening.  Sliced paper thin, nearly melt in your mouth, the presentation with fruits and veggies, it was just fantastic. My husband had an upgraded Alaskan white salmon for his entree.  He could not stop raving about it.  It was light and flakey, very flavorful and grilled perfectly.  My entree was grilled sea scallops and shrimp.~white salmon shrimp ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~5SxgH_FdaV2B5zAcIOxRwQ~Had lunch here and was amazed by the food and all the options. The menu had a nice selection for vegetarians. I loved the potato taquitos. Went back for dinner the next day. Only downside is the place had a small smell of old beer.~potato taquitos ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JLyujdM9d97ayoWFV1Z-qA~I've had the pleasure of enjoying a delicious meal at the Roaring Fork in Austin and this one, conveniently located across from my Hotel (Firesky) is just as good.  Our party of 8 started with lots of apps. Everyone was super psyched to try the green chili, but I just found it so-so.  However, the mac and cheese was unbelievable. Unfortunately, I don't think many other people at the table got to it because I devoured most of it. Oops.  Their guac totally hit the spot too.  I was pretty full after the apps, but still had some fish tacos coming my way.  Three generous sized flour tacos filled with fish, veggies and rice. I found more room in my tummy for these!   It turned out I needed to find additional room in my stomach because the manager was sweet enough to send out a few comp desserts for our table. You can't go wrong with any of their desserts, but the pineapple cake (apparently a favorite of the Manager's wife) was the best.  Days later I'm still full from my delicious meal at Roaring Fork, but I'm looking forward to filling up again the next time I'm in Phoenix.~mac and cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~hTgLp7Gn4g1MQ9VVL2dq0w~This place was recommended to me by several colleagues that have visited Madison and I am glad I checked it out. There is a very fancy french restaurant to the left of Graze (Etoile) but this one is a little more casual.   We had the mac and cheese with pulled pork and the "The Graze Burger" which had "fresh ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs, caramelized onions, cabernet jus, sesame seed-SarVecchio brioche, fries." I didn;t really think for a $21 burger that it was that amazing. I also would have preferred a stronger cheese because you really couldn't taste the servicchio cheese that was baked into it.   Something that did kind of bother me is that we asked for the onions on the side for my friend but it came with the onions on the burger. When I mentioned this to the server he said "Well does he have a food allergy or just not like onions?" In my opinion it shouldn't matter what the issue was, we asked for onions on the side and it should have been taken back and corrected. My friend was cool about it and said he would just scrape them off. The server was otherwise pretty helpful and friendly.~mac and cheese ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~TWPCPnlbiOwwItKdUQJK8Q~I have to steer myself away from here every time I am in the building during lunch time. Prairie Girl offers a ton of flavours (including your usual vanilla, chocolate, red velvet in addition to some daily special ones).  The large cupcakes are $3.50 and they come in a cute little box which make the perfect gift for someone.. you can also purchase a plastic message with *Happy Birthday* and what not for $0.50. They also have the perfect plastic bags for different cupcake box sizing to prevent the cupcakes from tilting... which is great as a lot of us commute home after work and bring these delicious cupcakes with us!  As others have said, their cupcakes are literally 1:1 ratio of icing and cake..which is exactly what I like.. now if only cupcakes weren't so bad for me... :$.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~aNE2Gzurx453V9j5zZvGhg~I am sold on their lunches, dinners and weekend brunches. This is a must-go regardless of the time of the day, they have great stuff to fill you up for your meal of choice.   Their menu changes with the seasons since they source locally. So the best thing I would suggest is to look up their menu online before heading down if you like to have an idea of what to order in advance. There hasn't been any item on their menu which I do not like so far, and I have been there more than 15 times in total and still counting.   Some of their specialties I like include the now-in-season bimbimbap burrito (served during weekend brunch), pork belly buns (appetizer), korean BBQ pork (lunch) and rigatoni & emu meatballs (dinner). Feel free to order whatever that excites you on the menu, they haven't disappoint so far!!  Service has always been excellent for me. I also love how they are so knowledgeable about the menu and so willing to make substitutes for your orders. They really go out of their way to make your dining experience with them as enjoyable as possible.   They don't take reservations, so as you would expect summer Saturdays will be super busy for them since there is the outdoor farmer's market. If you just happen to be craving some freshly baked pastries or a coffee/tea/lemonade, just stop by their little stall right outside the restaurant. They have awesome croissants, cookies, danishes etc.  So are weekday dinners, yes, even Monday to Thursday too. That goes to show how good and popular Graze is!! My tip would be to go for early lunch )before 11:45 am, or early dinner (before 5:45 pm). Oh wait, now that I openly share my tip, maybe they will start getting a bigger crowd during these 'non-peak' periods ~~ 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~DPZsPm2Llrt2nzCYp4B4-w~This place was really nice with high ceilings. My friends and I went for dinner around 9:45 pm on a Saturday night and as it was late, we were seated immediately.  I didn't have any drinks but my friends did and they said there was a large variety and they were pretty good. They also served beer in wine glasses which was interesting. The entire back of the menu listed where the restaurant obtains each ingredient which reminded me of portland.   We started off with an order of cheese curds with ranch. They were absolutely delicious and cheesy! They tasted amazing with the ranch. I think the full portion ($9) would be too much for 2 ppl FYI (assuming you each have a main course coming). For my main meal, I got the "Moules Frites" ($17) which was a huge bowl of mussels in a tomato white wine sauce. It was a tiny bit spicy but it was pretty good! The waitress convinced me to get bread for an extra dollar to dip with but i thought the bread was too hard and didn't absorb the mussel sauce very well so I would not recommend that. The fries tasted really good with the garlic aioli sauce as well. My hubby got the "Graze Burger" ($21) with a salad. He said the burger was pretty good but he wouldn't get it again for $21... It was a bit pricey. I had a bite of my friends Mac and cheese, it tasted pretty good too but I would not get the pulled pork with it.   Also, the waitress charged all of us a 20% service charge. I'm used to an 18% service charge for big parties and we would have tipped her 20% anyway but it was just unusual. We also split 3 orders of cheese curds among 10 ppl and she charged each of us 3/10 appropriately and gave us all separate checks which was nice! Overall, it was a nice dinner!~cheese tomato white fries garlic burger salad burger mac and cheese ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~MyE9sja22SfE2q6OYWw2Og~I love this place,  best hawaiian food. The chicken katsu, the loco moco are grate, and they have really  good spam musubis I recommend this place!!!!~chicken ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~zbAlTXfCPP4o7qFBtBld5A~I was getting my car serviced and decided to eat here. I ordered the spam fried saimin and mini kalua pork. They give good volume for the price and I was happy with that. It doesn't seem too busy though. When I went there was no one there and the cooks was just sitting down on one of the tables.~pork ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~frYYWyY1sO_Jj7gOLQF9dA~I have to give props to Chef Beau McMillan for doing "fusion"  right. "Fusion" is a dime a dozen nowadays, and only a few can do it well. For dinner, I highly suggest the salmon with the udon noodles, if it is available (menu changes depending on what's in season). And for dessert, please try the banana concoction. It is just divine! So, yes, I'm a big fan of Chef Beau (he is not pretentious and seems fun). Afterall, he did beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef.~salmon banana ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kjytXM07vWPLE69BMF5u7w~So unbelievably delicious! This was my third visit to Roaring Fork even though I don't live here. I keep coming back because the food is always good but last night our meal was my favorite so far.   I ate 2 new creations from the executive chef. The beet salad was the best beet salad I've ever had. And yes,  I've had a lot of beet salads! Red and gold beets cooked in their wood fire grill served with an amazing citrus infused whipped goat cheese and chive oil made in-house with pine nuts.  The second was the pork belly that was just divine. In addition we ordered the green chili mac and cheese. While this is not one of the executive chef's creations it really is a delicious dish and now I know how it's made. Roasted poblanos blended with spinach. To die for!  Go to Roaring Fork and sit by the kitchen so you can talk to the executive chef. It will enhance your experience greatly if you're a true foodie.~beet salad beet salad beet salads cheese pork mac and cheese ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~FYm57NlZfOQZDJxQfS-_Lw~I have been here a couple of times and each time has been great.  The guacamole is great and I highly recommend the Margarita.  Last time I had Fajitas and thought they were above average.  Tonight I got the carnitas burrito and it was superb.~fajitas carnitas burrito ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~836cG61iz6EvC9urThSowg~Great happy hour and great service!  Big A$$ burger was excellent - certainly enough to split between two. We'll be back for this when a burger craving arises. Pork sliders and chicken flatbread were very tasty too.  A bit of an older crowd upon the start of the 4pm happy hour (NOTHING wrong with that, simply noting).~burger burger pork chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~pwjSxwA8t9_x8tR9TNN_tQ~Good service, you pay after eating. Creative idea with pizza cone, got BBQ chicken and Hawaiian. Was a little cold in the middle, but delicious anyways! Onion rings are solid too. Limited seating, around 3 tables.~bbq chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~g83cyvxr7V3Oj5t4-Y8UVg~the pizza cones has a great amount of filling, it looks small but very filling. the cone is a but too crunchy and less soft like actual pizza crust, but I don't mind.  the tornado fries is so yummy, Crispy exterior with a chewy centre. The onion rings are big with a very nice crunchy shell.   Staff was very friendly, didn't rush us or anything, we paid after we were finished eating.  there are 3 bar tables with 4 chairs each. tastes better dined in.   check-in on the yelp app for a discount!~fries onion rings ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~020q030b3MlxFbpjvOj0fQ~BJs is hit and miss...I've had good food there, and I've had mediocre food there. I've never had a "great" meal, but that's not really what you're paying for or should expect.   Everything is pretty ordinary, salads and appetizers are alright, entrees are alright. Service and environment is good typically, and they have some really good beers and good specialty items. Their draft root beer is amazing, and I would end every meal with a BJs pazookie if doing so meant I wouldn't drop dead from heart failure at 35. I like their burgers pretty well, but they took their classic burger off the menu, which was a bummer. It was really good, so that's too bad.   It's a good place to watch a game or to grab a bite if you're in Chandler, but it's never going to wow you. I'm sure I'll be back soon enough, because it's a solid, reliable place to get a pretty good meal.~salads appetizers burgers classic burger ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~KTxNVTtcJhaBEqWt-bQpig~I want to love Elements so much. Because I do love it. Parts of it. Well, one part, to be exact. The scenic view. It really is only good at sunset in one of the booths around the edges with, yes, THE VIEW. It's pretty much the only reason to come to Elements.  The interior has a very modern, contemporary feel (and decor and art to go along with it). We shared the filet mignon and a salmon dish (which was not even wild, a real turn-off for me for this caliber of restaurant), both of which were good, tasty, but, honestly, I wasn't that impressed with either dish. From the appetizer, salad, and dessert that we had, I kind of got this impression with every dish...you can't really go wrong, but don't expect to be totally blown away by the food itself either, considering how well-regarded on a whole it seems to be by the critics. I thought service was lacking, perhaps too busy and not enough/overworked staff.   If you come here with good company and orchestrate the view, you're probably set with just that. Just don't focus on the food or your server, otherwise you'll lose the mirage.~salmon salad ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~njByaW6hE6pwFEX6bO7OHg~YUP, here again !!   Their seafood is so fresh and they make an amazing bloody mary!!  Gee, what more do you want in a seafood restaurant.   Staff is always very friendly and helpful, place is clean and I love the outdoor seasonal seating.     Went for a late lunch, as I always do and ordered crab cake app., it was 95% crab meat with a tiny bit of binder to hold it together, super good.  Their shrimp is always HUGE and weather I get it cooked or cocktail it tastes amazingly fresh.  They have a $12-13 lunch special menu which we ordered the Ahi Tuna with wasabi sauce; another hit.  I got a few raw oysters ... because I just can not pass up their yummy brineyness-as always.  Downed a crisp shrimp Caesar salad with a flavorful anchovy dressing.    Aside from their totally rocking bloody marys, today we ordered a Paloma; a very refreshing grapefruit/lime/tequila drink.  I like it better than a Margarita, just make sure you get it with WHITE tequila (Blanco) it is MUCH better, I promise you that.    The only issue I have with Luke Wholey's is the food is so delicious, I want to try everything so...... When we go for lunch, our bill with tip is usually around $80.00.  I am not saying they are overpriced, just so darn good that we order many plates to share and ...well.... it adds up fast.  That being said, at other establishments, I have had awful food and terrible services and paid the same.  I Do NOT mind dropping a few on awesome food and service.  We will be back Luke Wholeys !!!  Sure will.~crab cake ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~bXegRCnRCYJiETQfaOuxBw~Amazing green pork chili appetizer!  Amazing green chili Mac & cheese, picky about Mac & cheese! Waitress was very knowledgable. I'll be back soon~pork cheese cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~uPBa8dSzpfA7wD9tfEexdQ~I just need to start out by saying... BEST HAPPY HOUR ever! Especially in the winter, it is just so cozy! The Big A$$ burger is $10 and absolutely incredible. I DO encourage you to share it because it is MASSIVE (hence the name). I am also a huge fan of their guacamole ($7) and wedge salad ($6). Cocktails and wine are $5 and I highly recommend getting the huckleberry frozen margarita. Two of them will send you off smiling from ear to ear. :) Roaring Fork is one of the best places in town when you're comparing quality, quantity & price! Enjoy!~burger salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~j5HMiyA2x22N0u5hJwK47A~Someone should have told me about this happy hour! This really is the best value for happy hour that I have ever seen. You get food off their regular fantastic menu at a discounted price and they don't skimp and give you tiny portions like many places do for happy hour. I shared the "big ass burger"  and the green chili pork and they were both really good. The burger really is huge but really good and comes with fries. The green chili was good spicy and flavorful and I want to go back for more!   Drinks, they have about 5 signature drinks for happy hour that are $5 and a few wines as well. Great value. The guava mojito was amazing and I could have had several! The margarita was a dissappointment, too much sour mix. Stick with the mojitos! They are great. This really didn't feel like happy hour with the full meal we had at such a great price for such a nice restaurant. Service was good and not pushy or trying to rush you at all which is a nice change! I will be back very soon!~burger pork burger fries guava ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SlR7mVzb6goCs5IckYQghg~The "Big Ass" burger was delicious I would recommend that to anyone. This was my first time and I was very much pleased. Would definitely come back and have dinner here.~burger ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~6GJEZc8dkFx3QZDTCetYBw~Went with a friend for lunch before a holiday performance. We arrived a few minutes late for our reservation, but they had our table prepared and ready. After waiting a few more minutes than I thought we should have, our waiter acknowledged us and, from there the service was fine - attentive without being intrusive.  My friend ordered the salmon beet salad and thoroughly enjoyed it. The salmon was cooked to the desired temperature She was pleased with how the citrus worked with the other elements of the salad. I had the crab cake sandwich. While the flavors were good, the middle of the sandwich was refrigerator cold. Hopefully, this was an isolated incident and not a matter of overall inconsistency.   I would go back again to give the restaurant another chance.~salmon beet salad salmon salad crab cake ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3H1bBkXXQaSF9zj3mWKS5w~$10 for a dinky pub burger with a side of fries, good & tasty, but it didn't register too high on my OMG -this-burger-rocks-radar. Decor was cool, service was pretty good-altho somewhat slow. My group seemed to enjoy their meals.~burger fries burger ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JFDuY7548V5rWPn4kWFlow~Seriously!? Food this great at a buffet?? I will go to this buffet during every trip to Las Vegas. It was like eating at a 5 star restaurant. Pretty much everything was amazing. Not too over-seasoned, under-seasoned, or dry. All the dishes melted in your mouth and left you wanting more. I cleared every single plate and bowl I brought to the table. I even finished their huge coffee cup full of coffee.. it was delicious.. not like other brewed coffees. It's a little expensive but it's worth it for what you get. You can ask the chefs to customize any dish due to preference/allergy and they'll make it on the spot. This restaurant is worth the trip.. just try to eat a lot to make up for the cost.~coffee coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~cQB-wkbkk48qcHAGSJfN7g~It definitely is living by it's name (or I am not fancy enough.) We went for breakfast. The french toast was delicious but tiny. My spouse had a burger. He said it was good but the fries don't live up to what others have said. They are just fries. I did like the cheese curds, mostly the size of them. They are not too flavorful. If you like delicious cheese curds head to the old fashioned. We ran out of water and it wasn't replenished but we lived.~french toast burger fries fries cheese cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~LHYzkCZcReNzN9y_CemLKA~Graze, oooh Graze! If you are lucky to get a table, you are in for a treat. There is a reason why you waited for an hour to get a table. Graze works closely with local Wisconsin farmers. That means that the food is made out of fresh local produce. Everything on the menu is simply delicious. And the cheese curds are THE BEST IN TOWN!!!~cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~wk2pDMjG33DRC-FtSRz3Cw~Let's start with the positive. Service is excellent and for the most part, the food was good. However now for the completely appalling part. We ordered Steak Frites which was listed on the menu as market price. It showed up as about 3 - 4 ounces of tough, gristly sirloin. It was literally less than a half inch thick and totally over cooked. (I mean how can you control temp on a half inch). We ate it despite our disappointment but the insult added to injury was when we got the bill. Thirty four dollars. I'm not even kidding - for 4 ounces max of 1/2 inch thick sirloin. Do the math on that. That's 136 dollars a pound. I know there were French fries and overhead mark up but any way you look at it, that's taking advantage and completely fraudulent as far as I'm concerned. I love good, local food and have no trouble paying for it but if you are going to charge $34 for a steak dish, it better be rib eye or filet or have something about it that justifies the cost. I am truly disgusted on principle alone.~steak french fries ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JWI4gNAugu7U2Ibe9eLSwg~We went to Roaring Fork for dinner on Mother's Day because the brunch was booked and we could not get reservations.  Two members of our party ordered  the chicken fried chicken and it was basically 3 chicken strips for over 20 bucks.  Needless to say we were very disappointed in our dinner.  We have eaten here before but this time it was not worth it.  Will need to think twice before returning.~chicken fried chicken ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~r2oQivz1bCC5aaqYx12L4A~Graze is my favorite local gastropub. It's a great place to take just about anyone--they have dressed-up and dressed-down options, and they can adjust their menu to accommodate everything from veganism to gluten intolerance. Plus, half the dinner menu changes every month or two, so you can go back repeatedly and not see the same things. The other half of the dinner menu stays put, so you have some go-tos if you aren't into options accompanied by root vegetable puree. It can get a little pricey, but there are also cheaper options, so it works out.   Some of my favorites include the Graze burger and the bibimbap (a spicy Korean dish that's basically meat or tofu + veggies + rice), both of which are on the perennial menu. For appetizers, you can't beat the cheese curds, but the deviled eggs and popcorn sure try. And for dessert, treat yourself to some milk and cookies. They take a bit because they fresh bake them, and they're worth every minute of the wait.   Besides dinner, Graze has a decadent brunch menu (Nutella French toast, anyone?) and an inventive drinks menu that changes often. They also locally source everything they can.~burger tofu appetizers cheese popcorn milk cookies french toast ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kUaTvvQqjJ4Q2CkZ_OuLuw~My husband and I came here for a private business function and we were completely blown away by the food. Green chili macaroni and cheese, fondue pot with butternut squash & chili-pecan bread, and huckleberry margarita's I could go on we were at this function flowing with food & drink for hours. It was all excellent and so were our servers. The restaurant itself was beautiful and had a wonderful atmosphere. My husband I don't eat any meat except for the occasional chicken or fish. We tried the lamb that night and it just melted in your mouth and was so full of flavor.   That was a just a taste of our first experience with Roaring Fork and it was by no means the last. We don't get to go often because it's no small trip but when we do it is such a treat. You can see how special this place is because since I've been a member of Yelp it's the only restaurant to earn my fifth star. Bon Appetit!~macaroni and cheese ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~Op2PLz6lo96kB4M7nyo88g~Lady behind the counter was extremely rude, walked in with two friends,  the only other two people in the place besides the workers were already eating their food.  Not once did this lady smile,  she actually had a scowl on her face.  The iced tea was out and she explained she was too busy to change it out.  They only changed it out when we asked for a refund. It took over 30 minutes to receive our order and when we asked for an extra hot sauce, she bellowed NO!~tea ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6pHytgFUqdn6kAibNlLcHQ~I went there with a group of friends to try their happy hour menu but that was only available at the bar. We didn't really cared about it so we say at one of the tables. I got a guava mojito and the 'big-ass' burger. I thought the guava mojito was very delicious but the burger was not so great. The burger was very dry. I heard great things about this place but the food was just okay. To top it off, the service wAs bad. Our server was an A-hole and he kept on pushing us to order appetizers even though we already said we were going to wait for our friend. Was he thinking that we were not going to get any food??~guava burger guava burger burger appetizers ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~w_Ezv_cX5RzEuwdKsmDuxQ~Amazing Indian food, loved the butter chicken and the fresh naan bread. They are open all night!!  Until 6am~butter chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FYcuBnku9xC7IjD_h6tQlg~I've visited Graze a few times since it opened and enjoyed everything! I'm a vegetarian and I agree that there should be at least one additional meatless sandwich and/or entree. We've loved the popcorn, the bread basket, the deviled eggs, both the wedge and beet salads, and the sundae. Those all make a perfect, comforting meal in my mind! Go in with a plan to actually graze rather than stuff yourself and expect to pay slightly less than you would at L'etoile, you'll leave happy.~sandwich popcorn beet salads ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~ZYV1ARVR1zmGUJfdtYA69w~A little confusing when you first walk in because it's so big, but the salad bar is phenomenal and the menu is huge.  Everything is fresh!~salad ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~7wpqj58Oe8Jo5IL86weTTA~Graze is the cheaper sister establishment of L'Etoile, one of the fancier restaurants in the Capitol area. I came here for brunch. Graze, as the name might suggest, is yet another one of the farm-to-table restaurants that has been sweeping the nation as part of the organic/local/GM-free/anti-corporate food movement. And indeed, they do a good job embracing this idea. I have never really appreciated pork in the East Coast, but here in the Midwest the pork is delicious.  The order for my party was: Eggs Benedict with hash browns and greens; a bowl of noodles with roasted pork shoulder; and cheese curds to start. I've had cheese curds at other establishments, but Graze tries to separate itself from the crowd by using finer processes and ingredients in their cheese curds. Your mileage may vary here. Ditto with the Eggs Benedict. Now the noodle bowl was comparatively better. The pork shoulder was intensely tender and flavorful, and I could tell that the broth was made fresh instead of (gasp!) dissolved beef bouillon. The only thing holding back this establishment from a five-star rating is that compared to all the other restaurants in the area, it lacks distinction. Sure, the food is good, but there is also good food next door. Merely good garners four stars - to be a five-star restaurant, one must be special.~pork pork eggs benedict greens roasted pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rtf0cNCxaXIHJ-D2BYQtPw~Well what you know. The day after writing a review on Harvey's I got the burger itch. Luckily my good friend was down to meet up for a quick bite. My review is based only on the burger, haven't had anything else or been there before.  "Big Ass Burger" and yes it was. It's 4 hours later and I'm still full. Be ready to make room for this if you're planning on eating it by yourself. I'm guessing it's somewhere around 12oz of top grade sirloin with bacon and the usual fixings. I asked for mine on the side, as I've said before I prefer to taste just the meat, cheese, and bun when I eat burgers. I had a couple bites with the bacon and it was pretty good, didn't overpower it like bacon usually does, but still liked it just plain. Great flavor, great quality meat, cooked perfectly, and super juicy. I could have used a touch more cheddar, but it was ok. Fries were just right too, crispy extra battered style. Washed it down with a Fat Tire and I left a happy man.  If you can make it during happy hour, it's prob best way to go since the $9 price tag is much more manageable. I think it's $12-14 otherwise. Ambience was okay, similar to a Houston's, Bandera, etc vibe.  I will most definitely be back when the craving returns.  And yes...that's prob by next week.~burger burger burger bacon cheese burgers bacon bacon fries ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~h_6aDVcw9W1xm4gWe5044Q~Went with a large group so we had to wait for a little while which we expected so no biggie.  The staff were polite and the waitress was quick especially with such a large group.  For apps we ordered the Truffled popcorn, fried cheese curds, cheeese and meat plate and the deviled eggs.  The popcorn was good but really it was just ok not great or amazing and not something I would really order again.  The deviled eggs were good nothing over the top but I would order these again.   The fried cheese curds were pretty good, not sure what to compare these to since it was my first time trying it.  The dish that had everyone raving was the Rainbow Trout and Muscles.  Three different people had this and there wasn't a drop of anything left on their plate. Someone also had the tofu korean bip bop and thought it was unique and a good vegetarian option.  The view is kinda the iceing on the cake with the capital building all lit up at night it's a great.~popcorn cheese popcorn cheese tofu cake ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~DOC_sYUJ01PyORHozbVyiA~This place is awesome!!! I found a new hang out YAY!!!  So the happy hour is really really good. Here's What I got   Kettle of pork Carmita's with melted jack cheese and bettered flour tortillas   7.00!! = This pork literally melts in your mouth this was the most tender meat I have ever had. I wouldn't have though to order pork I'm soo glad I did. I was also surprised I wouldn't have thought of this place as having mexicanish food?  The tortillas were sooo thin and soft and buttery. Very good dish, perfect for 2.  Fish tacos 9.00 = This was very good, I have never in my life ever ever ever ordered fish tacos, since I hate fish. It was grouper   and  it came with very fresh avocado and thin sliced red onion and a very good salsa. The salsa was like blended, so it wasn't the typical tomato chunks salsa.    They also have a 7.00 "big ass burger" Yes, that's really what they call it.  I saw everyone order it and every time they brought one out I got jealous.  It was about the width off two burgers and came with a side of fries that looked soo good. They too were served in a kettle and were very thin but not the crispy gross thin ones.   We came in before they opened at like 2 and we were told that happy hour is when they open at 4pm.   This guy came in at that time and was telling us how he couldn't wait until 4 because they have the best burger ever.   So I'm excited to try more off the menu and especially try the burger~pork cheese tortillas pork pork tortillas tacos tacos avocado onion salsa salsa tomato salsa burger burgers fries burger burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-1WjG7YHC5NjBDKa2dmArg~This was my first time to this place and probably the last! When you walk in to any service business you expect a certain amount of kindness and professionalism. Well not here. we were met with a rude cashier who kept screaming NEXT as if there was no one in line. Next I saw all these signs telling you what you can't do in this place like do not dump anything in the soda dispenser drain and check your order before you leave and so on. Finally when we were able to place a order the extremely rude cashier seemed so irritated that we actually had the nerve to enter this place that she had no desire to even take our order or answer any questions that we had. The price was decent but on the expensive side, 20 dollars for 2 people without drinks. So we finally get our order and knowing that i have to check my bag because i read the sign that had it printed in BOLD letters, I noticed that I was missing my potato salad. So the rude cashier looks over and says WHAT. And I said I'm missing my potato salad so she opens the cooler and basically throws it at me with very good accuracy as if she has done this many times. So then my brother asked her if she missed his potato salad also and she screams out I DON'T KNOW CHECK YOUR BAG, As if she has somehow forgotten what she put in there 30 seconds ago.   Bottom line food is good but it's not worth the effort you have to go through to get it. The staff is so bad that I will go out of my way to go somewhere else. The owners should be aware that the service of this place has gotten to the point that people won't even go there so they don't have to deal with the worst service they have ever had. In todays economy where people are choosing carefully where to spend their money you need to have something special and this place should put up a big sign that says:  GO AWAY WE DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY!!!!!  They will never get anymore of mine.~potato salad ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~KhpGJYmR2H3rs_ogjjPjCw~I would agree that this place is a 3 star restaurant for sure. No paper towels in the men's room. NO BEEF?!?!??!! For real?! I mean, how can you call yourself a BBQ place, if you don't even have BEEF. I mean, last time I checked there was no National Beer Shortage. The pork was a little bland but the BBQ sauce was good. The chicken was OK, but made the bun soggy, and not from the sauce. And the potato salad was ok. We will probably not visit again, unless we have to.~beef beef pork chicken potato salad ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tqr9pTBTFqQMTsOcRRDMSQ~Managed to grab a car for the evening and immediately hopped on Yelp to see what's good in Scottsdale! Roaring Fork is on the ground level of a generic office park. I later realized that this is a chain restaurant!  The interior was upscale. I tried my coworker's ribs and have to admit that it was the best part of the entire meal!  The Big Ass Burger was so big that I finished maybe 1/2 of it? I ordered it medium rare and it looked like it was still half alive... Maybe I'll order medium next time...  The Seared Ahi Tuna was good, although somewhat bland.  The green chili was good. The warm soft tortillas were a nice touch and the chili had a slight kick to it.  Service was top notch from a uniformed waiter.  Make sure to check out the loo, it's just like the one at the office! ;)~ribs burger tuna tortillas ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Bz3180aiBxBPXe4kRDKsBw~The service was great and everyone was super friendly but the food was not good at all. We got lunch entrees which were the sweet soy ahi tuna on a bed of wild rice & book choy, 2 orders of lobster bisque fries, 2 bloody Mary's, & 1 bourbon on the rocks and our bill was $70!! The tuna had no flavor, you couldn't even cut the bok choy with a knife it was so hard, and the rice was not good either. The fries were just okay. The only good thing about the meal was the shrimp on the Bloody Mary. It was totally no where near worth $70 plus a tip. I would give 5 stars for service and 1 for the food and the price. Go down the street to Wholey's, get fresh seafood and make it yourself...even if you've never cooked a meal in your life, I'm sure it would taste better!! So disappointing!!!~tuna wild rice fries tuna fries shrimp ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~2qy369dyY6LVLCwHHRaEuw~We arrived in Vegas pretty late in the day and we were dog tired, so we decided to just eat at the Wynn Buffet since we were staying there.  When we arrived at the line, it was close to 9pm and they were closing at 10... The line was also about an hour long!!  But we noticed the sign that gives you cuts if you are staying at the Wynn or if you are a Red Card Holder... so we just walked straight in!  The buffet is really pretty... it is decorated with a victorian flower decor that looks like it would be a tea house of some sort... the buffet itself is also very pretty and the food is put out in a plated fashion rather than pans of food all piled up...  There was a huge line for the seafood/sushi side, so I was pretty excited that there was gonna be something good... Why would people wait in a line that long unless its something good?  so... i waited in that line... and what they were mainly waiting for were crab legs... disappointing!  They do have a lot of great foods including a pasta bar, a pho bar, pizza, meat, sandwiches, and a great dessert line up including gelatos, ice cream, made to order crepes, and cupcakes!  I'm not a buffet type of girl but I'm glad we got to try it since we didn't have to wait in the long ass line.~tea sushi pasta sandwiches ice cream cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FwcIMvLDRKCqdadPRWrwPg~Food was tasty but heavy - mac and cheese, cheese sampler and cheese curds were delicious but the house burger was wonderfully flavorful yet straight up soggy with grease.  Ordered two of the quirkily named game of thrones cocktails and honestly both tasted like medicine. Drank two sips and tossed the rest. Stay away.  The place had a nice ambiance and attentive service though so overall decent experience.~mac and cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PHAMMK-JXpOM_ZbCULrnww~I went here for happy hour with my group of girls on a thursday after work. We got a table on the patio right away and really had a great time. The prices were *amazing* and so was the food, and now I'm dying to go back and have a full dinner here as well. Everything tasted amazing, but my favorite was the fondue lamb chops. We got something like 5 appetizers (including the big ass burger), 3 drinks and 1 dessert for around $65.  The only thing that was a bit lacking was the service. Two times the gal walked away as we were still trying to tell her what we wanted, and my friend's soup didn't come with our first round of appetizers so she had to reorder it when we ordered burgers.~lamb appetizers burger soup appetizers burgers ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~u7ygqiIW3Ebo3bqiLQLdzg~Gr8 place for drinks and food. Open till mid- night so if u r hungry n looking for a decent place to eat with less crowd, this is the place. Chicken wings r very light and not too much sauce. Must try - Pizookie~chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8b1AU6rgXoJ0WtcMUAMt2g~Great place for Happy Hour!  They have delicious margaritas and the Big Ass hamburger is second to none.  A must stop anytime I'm in Scottdale.~hamburger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mJccYKUwpXI21aSevruazg~Fantastic food + impeccable service = 5 stars, baby.  Let me just say something about Lauren, our server.  She was incredible!  There were ten of us at the table and by the end of the dinner had learned all of our names.  Just absolutely great service.  The food is upscale American classics, like green chile mac & cheese.  Go here when you are in Scottsdale!~cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aqRgFLBmWT8z0k_2ShScxQ~We ate here twice for breakfast and the food and value were truly outstanding. A nice selection of seafood, sausage, bacon, rolls, pancakes, waffles, etc and more exotic breakfast fare like crab cakes and enchiladas. The food taste and quality varied from "hmm, not bad at all" to "WOW! That's great"   Alas, our first visit was marred by vacant service, to the point my honey had to fetch water herself from a bus station. Also, observed a bus boy fling a wet rag across the room to another bus boy, (who looked shocked and embarrassed) Getting coffee took hand singles and a flare gun.   Its just odd that such a great property as the Wynn has such big blemishes at times. Its like walking down the Yellow Brick Road and stepping in pot holes.~sausage bacon pancakes honey coffee ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fz4rJ0_ShsiofEBCbiXugQ~My favorite place to dine in Madison! Excellent food, great atmosphere and the best cheese curds in town!~cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~SgwLI-KH07cn80MePbz4sw~I usually come here for brunch because they have the best Bibimpab Britto with affordable price. But I came here for dinner for the first time. Their cheese curds is phenomenon !! I would say its the best in Wisconsin !~cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~S25vhqXhUGdRMGl4z_zokQ~Happy hour here is great. High quality food for very little money. The service was prompt and friendly. I had the Big Ass burger. It was good once I removed the thick onion slice and the pepper.~burger onion ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CDCMzC9hJOTqgn7yPpVybQ~We've come here for Happy Hour over the last 7yrs and to be honest, it's no longer impressive. $10 for a burger isn't really a happy hour price. While their happy hour food is great, it's really not worth the price. The drinks aren't really awesome either. I don't think I'll waste my time on this happy hour anymore. If I come, it will be for a nice, expensive dinner inside ;)~burger ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~dJu0OyJA4WSgjNo6mm4DBw~Absolutely amazing. The view is to die for. Right under camelback mountain. We sat on the patio and it was just relaxing and beautiful. The service was also top of the line. Our server was very attentive and the staff helped with clearing out table and refilling water. The whole team worked together so we had an amazing experience!  The food also was great!!!  I had the Cobb salad. It was fresh and I loved the dressing. My friend had soup of the day and the Cesar salad. I will be back. It's a great place to dine!~salad soup salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~opV1yv3weuTm7pQrWSLdVA~Worth the hourlong wait until seated for Wynn's lunch buffet? YES! Delicious, and stations had different/varied selections of meats, mac & cheese, & more when we returned for second helpings.   Cons:  the Muzak/ elevator music! And, although waitstaff brings an entire pot of coffee to the table, it was weak for our tastes, and we always had to ask for water refills. Observed one diner get up from his table to refill his empty glass from the water pitcher at the server station. I was tempted to take the entire water pitcher for our table.~cheese coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eYq1Pm3w-BKdAJnrLfXx7Q~YUM! YUM! YUM! YUM!   As a visitor to Madison, I ate with some work colleagues at Graze on a Monday evening.  We were lucky enough to start our dinner during happy hour (great local beers at buy one -get one? Ok, I'll have a few).  Not only was the drink and beer list artisanal, there was a fine selection of wines as well--something for all diners.  Even though it was busy were were able to snag a reservation and have a great, centrally located table for 10.  Our service was impeccable, as was the meal.  We started with a few appetizers--deviled eggs, pickle platter and the vodka-battered cheese curds. All delicious, I really liked the presentation and selection of pickles, but the true star was the vodka-batter cheese curds.  I had tried curds a few other places (all good), but these were next-level--super light and crispy batter with the stringy, fresh hot curd.  I STILL dream about these a month later.  I might be able to live off these alone for a month or so (until my hear gave out).  Dinner was great. I was torn between the lamb and the mac and cheese with pork--the waiter was very helpful in describing the various dishes, and I decided while in Wisconsin, better eat as much cheese as possible. The mac and cheese was very rich, great sauce and al dente pasts topped with a large amount of bbq-sauced pork. The sweetness of the bbq sauce played well against the richness of the cheese.  Really good.  If I am ever lucky enough to be back in Madison, I want to try the bibimbap--several diners with me got it and raved about it.  The gnocci also looked light and delicious (and lived up to their appearance according to another dining companion).  The dessert list was very tempting, but after several beers and a dairy cow's daily cheese production, I opted for affogato (ice cream topped with espresso)--delicious end to a great meal.~appetizers cheese pickles cheese lamb mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ENbkZ9pOzja30mddT1rW2A~I admit I was skeptical about this buffet, but hey girl, HEY...it's delicious! Fresh and healthy dishes, plenty of options, and not your typical casino buffet. The space is very clean, staff are incredibly kind and helpful, and buffet prices are very reasonable. They have everything--a variety of salads, hummus, babaganoush, sushi, various meat options, chile verde, beans, Chinese short ribs, ox tail soup, and more!   Unlimited wine and beer, and champagne/mimosas on Fridays for prime rib brunch?! Yes!   The dessert station has a wonderful array of choices, some are gluten free, and they post the ingredients for each item. Try the coffee gelato!~salads sushi ribs soup coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~M-GNMdUzOJDr6wJh1ufeVw~Brunch at Graze did not disappoint!  The Nutella French toast with apples was superb as was the cheese curds and the open, clean atmosphere.~french toast cheese ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~-DvzAtOHR8ffN2dB-tsMwA~We took our three kids on a road trip during summer. It was difficult to find a restaurant that provides good food, good service with reasonable price. This was the only restaurant that satisfied our taste bud but didn't cost us a fortune. You can see the price from the menu that other people posted here. The restaurant was not fancy, but clean and comfortable. We ordered the Teriyaki Chicken, Hawaiian BBQ Chicken, BBQ Short Ribs and few other items. I definitely agree with other reviewers that the sauce was delicious, and the portion was good too. During the time we were eating there, we saw quite a few group of people came in to pickup their to-go orders. If this restaurant was near our home, I might have ditched my kitchen already.  :)~chicken bbq chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8Fxx23hj9qMnyKa-Ti3wJg~Roaring fork has a great happy hour.  I really liked the huckleberry margarita.  I did try the "big ass burger" because so many people have told me that I have to try it.  I actually wasn't impressed.  I would probably come back with friends for happy hour but I don't think I would take visiting guests here for dinner.  The restaurant is really nice and seems cozy.~burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~uUXDAmU00aFJ4ydxb8cEeQ~Went on a Sunday for brunch, minus the champagne, $25 or $29? per person. This was our first stop in Vegas, famished.  We were fed, but THE BUFFET is overrated. It has all that you would expect from a Las Vegas Buffet--crab legs, shrimps, sushi, ribs, beef, etc.--but I expected much more.  My favourites were the beef, which was so tender, and the garlic bakchoy. The decor was beautiful. The service was great as well, but I went to Cravings at Mirage for $20 lunch and it was more intimate, less crowded for my liking.  Pet peeve: better coffee, please!~shrimps sushi ribs beef beef garlic coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~jYlfcEE_4MP7DjpecX-A8A~Visited the Wynn buffet for brunch on a Saturday. Stood through the usual line and was seated in requested dining area. I was underwhelmed by the brunch buffet, and would only consider visiting for normal lunch or dinner. We paid ~ 33 person For this I would rather go out for a nice brunch where I can specify a dish and it be made to order for me It felt like this brunch buffet s dazzle effect wore off The atmosphere was clean and service responsive The main buffet area is dimly lit which makes me feel like I m walking into a cave or a recovery bubble after a long Vegas night Overall the stations are kept clean and well stocked There were a number of stations dedicated to breakfast offerings such as fresh pancakes eggs and egg whites bacon french toast and smoked salmon and bagels Consider coming here on a weekday if you would like to avoid these dishes Now back to lunch There was two soup offerings There were salad options including a glass filled with cherry tomatoes celery and carrots The celery had brown on it There was a mescaline red beet and tangerine salad in individual serve dishes There was a charcuterie areas with two types of cheeses and two types of salamis smoked mozzarella and a plain looking yellow cheddar This was really disappointing because I can get these offerings at home from a supermarket The meat offerings were carved ham carved prime rib and carved turkey breast All of these meats were delicious and I would say highlights of the buffet Seafood was limited only bulk shrimp were available There were a variety of international stations as well Asian with wontons and a congee stand Mexican inspired and Japanese with sushi The variety is great but none of the dishes were amazing which defeats the purpose of having such a variety An example of this is the shrimp tempura sushi There was very little shrimp tempura and avocado and A LOT of rice No one eats maki rolls for the rice I would have preferred to see a number of well executed dishes vs a few highlights and a bunch of mediocre food for the masses reminiscent of standards that nice Chinese buffets now even surpass Dessert stations was very large My favorite was the bread pudding hands down best of the mini desserts All of these mini cakes look very beautfiul and appealing but they don t taste amazing or like desserts worth eating This go around they had a raspberry cake strawberry shortcake chocolate cake etc Another notable dessert was a tapioca pudding with a passion fruit glaze yum ~pancakes, egg bacon, french toast, smoked salmon 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tIVNOpDbZlB5dIHkWfqUcQ~+1 star - Price: $26.99 for buffet lunch in one of Vegas's nice hotels isn't a bad price in my opinion   +2 star - Ambiance: love love love the whole vibe of the restaurant! Very whimsical like "Alice in Wonderland". I'm a sucker for fleurs so I enjoyed the dining room experience very much. My favorite part of the restaurant hands down!  +1 star - Service: waiter was fast and very attentive; always asked between plates if he can grab anything else for my party.   -2 star - Food: selection of meats and desserts were great! Enjoyed the unlimited Korean bbq, as well as the banana/toffee/caramel cakes (pairs well with coffee). HOWEVER, I ate some dishes from their seafood selection (shrimp shumai more specifically) and that night I got FOOD POISONING and spent my last evening in Vegas stuck in my hotel room.~desserts banana caramel coffee shrimp ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~OpUv-caiIV1RfnD4rQ_gTw~This was probably one of the best buffets I've eaten at. The only complaint I have is the RIDICULOUSLY long lines. There's an inside and outside line so note that the inside line takes about an hour. so for the Christmas eve dinner we had to wait a total of 2.5 hrs starting at like 4:30pm. Even though I wanted to poke my eyes out and pull my hair out of restlessness, the food was pretty damn worth it.   Crepes. Gelato. Prime rib and Precracked crab that makes it easier and faster to eat.   Salad bar was really yummy but they overdress it a little bit.   After dinner coffee wasnt too bad either for a buffet.   Holiday Price was $50 though -___-'' extra $10-12 or something for the VIP line. Maybe you can go gamble and win that extra $10 so you can save yourself 2.5 hrs of waiting.~salad coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~pfC-XoYJKsHIBu-f7JJGXw~My second pick for best buffet in Vegas. Some of the dishes weren't my cup of tea, but the quality of all of the food is awesome. Kind of like having samples from all of the fine dining restaurants in the Wynn. Nice way to sample different foods without paying an arm and a leg.~tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iLPEilGtWNfECjDgZOBq6w~OMG   GRAET VALUE!  The happy hour here is awesome. Do try their big Ass burger as it's the best! The ambience, service and every  item we ordered was most excellent !  Inexpensive drinks too.  Happy hour is first come first serve....and busy as the word is out. Get there early!~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UPO5xPG9wk5YSTvCxhH9uw~It took me awhile to come around to Graze. My first visit (probably 5 or so years ago) was underwhelming. Not bad, just not as spectacular as I expected from all the buzz. I went during brunch and ordered the Nutella french toast. I received a few tiny (one inch by two inch) thinly-sliced and nearly-blackened pieces of baguette with a schmear of Nutella. Not exactly what I envisioned from a ten-dollar plate called "Nutella-Stuffed French Toast."   Next up was a couple of years ago for a birthday slice of Hickory Nut Bourbon-Caramel pie and a cocktail. The pie had a sophisticated flavor profile that I enjoyed but it wasn't quite knocking my socks off (just due to personal preferences, not any lack of quality or talent on account of the chefs).   Third visit: lunch. I had an amazing seasonal cocktail, the name nor details of which I can't remember, and the Farmer John's Provolone sandwich. Flavors were on point but it was so messy that I was able to eat about three bites during my lunch meeting. The baguette was very crusty and difficult to bite through, causing the saucy, juicy ingredients to squish out everywhere. On my most recent visit (details forthcoming) a friend ordered it and subbed sliced sandwich bread for the baguette and it looked phenomenal. No lost insides!  Visit four: the turning point. While Graze's menu isn't huge, it does span a wide range of styles and I finally found something that really spoke to me - the Thai Crispy Rice. Bacon, avocado, peanuts, radish, and a host of herbs are served on top of a sliced block of crispy rice. So, so good, and the perfect portion for lunch. I ordered mine without the egg, and I think in the future I'll request some extra avocado in its stead. Seems like a fair trade, yeah? I also had a tasty hot cider & bourbon cocktail.   Next on the list: those amazing-looking cheese curds to seal the deal.~french toast french toast caramel pie pie sandwich sandwich bread thai bacon avocado radish egg avocado cheese ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~uE7RxoqO4hLoYBZ15DiXSQ~For the price I payed for 4 cupcakes I was a little disappointed. While the frosting was delicious, the actual cupcake was dry!? For a $3 cupcake I was expecting something a bit better. I have made cupcakes that have been much more moist and a whole batch only cost me $3.   Overall, I think I would give Prairie girl another try. Maybe for someones birthday at the office as they did have a good presentation. Added bonus: the boxes were cute and practical~cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~7y-20f0avtJg-mM92-LOYA~This place is located on the NE corner of 4th St and Garfield. Outside seating as well as inside seating. The food looks beautiful on the plate. It also taste great.  The area is in the Garfield area. Some might think it's unsafe but actually it is safe and clean. We had a nice lunch. I had the Churchill Club, my wife had Southwest Salad we love it.  Enjoy Anthony~salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~-1tMZE_73vDcYuslzlQTVg~I loathe waiting in buffet lines, but having this one comped at ~ 40 a head was a little more tolerable It took about 45 minutes to get through on a Monday night so plan accordingly There was no king crab but the snow crab legs were split so that was a good compromise Everything I tried was tasty There was food from every genre imaginable and even indian dishes which is rare for any regular buffet As others have stated the lack of sushi variety is surprising but don t let that deter you All in all if you re looking for a buffet go here and you won t be disappointed ~sushi 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~0d-9GblZSCZ-1Q1VK7Vmhw~TL;DR Pizza cone was cold in the middle! A small cone for $$. Wouldn't go back without a Groupon.  Saw a Groupon for this place, and I thought that the idea of pizza in a cone was worth a try, so I checked it out today. And also because the business is "Hot and New".  Came here around 6:30PM and the place was empty. The guy at the shop seemed like he has been sitting there for a while and smiled finally when a customer came in.  We had a Groupon for $10 worth of food for $6. My BF got their Yummy Cone Special (he requested extra spicy) with onion rings combo. I got myself a Canadian pizza cone with no mushrooms.  Contrary to other reviews the wait wasn't long at all. Took only 5-8 mins for both orders to be completed. We got the onion rings first to eat, and I was surprised at how small the serving was for the onion rings. Well, it was a side, but still very disappointing amount of onion rings.  Pizza cone is NOT large, okay? It is a rather small amount, so don't expect huge servings in this place at all.  The Yummy Cone we ordered wasn't really spicy, though my BF requested it to be spicy. It's just okay, but for $5.30 I wish the size was bigger.  I can say the same for the Canadian cone, it was packed with ingredients, but I was disappointed as I reached the middle part, it was COLD!! They did not prepare the food properly! Well, that was a let-down......  I would go back just because I have another Groupon, but I will not be coming back for any other reason. I don't know if this place gets really busy, but when we went it seemed like it has been a slow, slow day all day for them and we were the first customers for a long while.  Review 55 of 100~onion rings mushrooms onion rings onion rings onion rings ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~iuS9AGAhNQQWyv2xPlV7cw~Beau knows the culinary arts...and service and scenery.  The Valley is littered with great resort based dining options but this is the pinnacle.  The special occasion place that is down the road but a world away.  I recommend going with several people so that you can share and more adequately explore the menu.  The foie gras benedict is decadent but in a good way, the salmon mild but filing, and the peanut butter dessert experience was akin to a kid discovering ice cream for the first time.~salmon peanut butter ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~cnbZH9SEsUrYNovejOCmgw~Had the chicken and waffle,pork shoulder,both really good!!!drinks weren't fantastic though...expensive for such small portions~chicken waffle pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~8jSUPiUtJtSHrNggdXdc6g~The buffet (breakfast) is a one and done type of thing. Pay/try once, but don't repeat. You learn fast that there are other less expensive/better options albeit with of course less variety. The coffee is weak, omelette stand is great, and the bread selection (danishes, croissants etc.) can be delicious. The specialty fruit drinks for breakfast are a nice unique option.~coffee ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jJKiElH5RlzF3I3rqJ3mOg~I've been here before for dinner, but this time we stopped by for a early happy hour dinner.  I was thoroughly impressed.  The food, ambiance, and service was all top notch!  We stopped by yesterday and ordered a few drinks.  We then ordered the green chili stew, and fresh guacamole.  Then we ordered the big a$$ burger.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection.  They have an awesome happy hour and I would highly recommend this place.~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~HCe1lVxUxcT4idwdRCbuYQ~Their cheese curds are my favorite in Madison. Ive come here a few times for brunch and tried a lot of their offerings, but the only thing that really has any wow factor to me are those cheese curds.  *update*  I just finished eating non brunch here for the first time. Im not a big burger fan, so i cant say much about it, but the mac and cheese was a masterpiece. Medium, al dente shells in a rich, thick, garlicky cheese sauce. It tastes like some seriously aged cheese!  *another update*  I just became the duke and realized that ive eaten here a lot of times (forgot to check in for some of those times). If i'm eating here so much, i must seriously love it, so im bumping this up to 5.  This time around, i just came back from a heavy day at the gym and was craving something with some meat, big flavor, and lots of fresh vegetables for my post workout meal. The bibimbap really delivered! I think it couldve used more rice to be more similar to what my korean grandma makes, but it was perfect for my veggie craving because it was packed with fresh cucumber, radish, and carrots. This was the perfect follow up to my protein shake.~cheese cheese burger mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~c0o76XcyM8hleCPYGzX2RA~Decent food in a nice setting, but it's kind of disingenuous to call it a "gastropub". It's neither pubby nor particularly epicurean. We sat at the bar, as we like to do, but it was just kind of a strange experience and the servers/bartender were awkward. I ordered the moules frites, which were actually very good, and I appreciated that there were no closed mussels in the bowl (major pet peeve). Fianc had the pork bibimbap, which was somehow lacking flavor and the rice, formed into a brick and grilled, had a gluey, compressed texture. He liked his beers, but I was turned off by the wine. First, when I asked the bartender for a suggestion and said my only dislike was Chardonnay, he steered me toward the Chardonnay, which was the most expensive by-the-glass option at $15, saying "It's not like other Chardonnays"...ok...gave it a try and it was exactly like other Chardonnays. So I ordered a glass of Pinot at a more reasonable $8 or $9 per glass, and it was tastier but oddly warm. Like room temperature warm. The other bartender said that since they have a tap wine system, the wine just tends to be warmer than if it were in the fridge. Gotcha, but a) you aren't the only restaurant in the country with a tap wine system and yet others still manage to chill their wines properly and b) offering me a glass of ice cubes as a solution was just tacky. With tax and tip dinner ended up being in the upper $60s/lower $70s.~pork ~2 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~FRog7qUkkQ_wQZGB4UDWEg~Their pizza cones caught my eyes ever since the first time I saw a picture of it on Instagram. I didn't pay much attention to them at first until more and more pictures of them started appearing on my feed. I've got to admit, making a pizza into a cone is a really unique concept because eating pizza can sometimes get really messy.   Anyhow, I went for a visit with a Groupon deal. My first impression of Yummy Cone was that the place was really small, had limited seats, and the layout of it was a little bit awkward (maybe because I was the only one in the restaurant at the time). I ordered the Yummy Cone Special with Tornado Fries and a drink. The Yummy Cone Special is made with pepperoni, bacon, sausage, green peppers, red peppers, hot banana peppers, mushrooms, cheddar & mozzarella cheese. The food is freshly made with each order, which also meant the waiting time is a little longer than usual.   The size of the pizza cone was relatively small. You definitely can't have this as a meal, only as a snack. However, the taste was actually pretty good, I'd say even better than most of the big pizza chains out there. There were a lot of toppings inside the cone, probably twice the amount of toppings you would get on a regular pizza slice. Surprisingly, the cone did not get soggy and remained crispy throughout. However, I was a little disappointed with the Tornado Fries because it was over-cooked to the point where most part of it was black. Every bite of it was bitter.  Next time I visit Yummy Cone, I will probably try their poutine since it was recommended by one of their staffs. Nonetheless, it was a great experience and perfect for an "on the go" snack.~fries pepperoni bacon sausage banana mushrooms mozzarella cheese fries ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZOGNTA3RPzJPXF0NxOfkRQ~A big fan or Tory Miller and what he's done for the Madison foodie scene, I was pumped when he opened this place!  Killer spot on the square with awesome views and fresh urban "farm to table" type decor.  The focus is just good quality seasonal food!  We had the pickle sampler for an appetizer and it was fantastic, inventive, and fun.  The graze burger was out of this world, and I had the pulled pork macaroni and cheese which was equally amazing.  The last time we visited I felt like they were short staffed so I will give them a little lee-way on timely service, but the quality was there.  The bartenders are always great with an ever changing drink menu...and the bar area is a great place to see and be seen!~burger pulled pork ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~o2uaVUmPUwUB21oIFgYAcg~What a beautiful setting for luxury dining and sunset watching! Just as the sun is about to set, the electronic shades lift seamlessly and very Bond-like to reveal the sun kissed mountains and orange blush sky. People who often say that Arizona is dry and barren should come here and see just how different it can be!  Memorable food items included:     Braised short ribs entree with sticky rice, brussel sprout and bacon kimichi with Korean BBQ sauce.  - This is a must order!      Duck confit mooshu chickpea crepe appetizer -unique in flavor and texture      Fiery calamari appetizer - just the right amount of spice      Lobster bisque (soup of the day) - Rich and delicious       Truffle whipped potatoes side dish - Addicting and irresistible   Summer prix fixe: (this menu changes daily and must be requested)      Rock shrimp over pork belly and Basil fried rice - really good      Chicken breast dish over mashed potatoes, but not the truffle whipped potatoes - my friend enjoyed her dish, but also just described it as "good"      Lava cake with vanilla gelato - Perfectly done!  Our group was celebrating a birthday, so the waitress brought out a special PB Bomb dessert on the house with the words, "Happy birthday" written in chocolate. They also brought out 4 yummy cookies along with our bill. We felt really spoiled by our wonderful, patient waitress (I say patient because it took us forever to decide what we wanted at first. She didn't rush us and thoroughly explained our dish choices to help us decide what to order). Thanks Elements and staff for making our friend's birthday so special and memorable!~ribs bacon soup shrimp pork fried rice chicken cake cookies ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AYiWFm3l3zgL7ygtX3Rkcg~Absolutely wonderful! Service was great. We had the mixed green salad & pork wings for appetizers. Both were great. For dinner, we got the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin (it was amazing!) & NY strip steak, which was good. The green chili Mac & cheese was the best dish all night--a must have!!~salad pork appetizers bacon pork steak cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~1imJ1BWS_b6qolDx4Vy1gA~One of the best buffets I have EVER been to.  The layout is very well organized.  Of course, a place like Wynn is going to have a certain level of quality and selection, but this was just OUTSTANDING!!!   Our server was very friendly (and spoke English) and took care of our plates as we emptied them. Kept out water full and made suggestions for combinations. He aso received the highest tip we have ever left for a buffet server.  Highights:  Kobe Meatloaf Venison Roast Rosemary Pheasant  Pumpkin Ravioli Great Sushi  We took our time, stayed for 2 hours and even had coffee. I will go back and I will bring many people. If asked, I will suggest this in my top 3 buffets in Vegas.~meatloaf pumpkin sushi coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~coYk-n1_W312nup5bIFYCQ~Stopped by just before 6:00 p.m. with my wife for happy hour Karben 4 Dragon Flute beers, pork buns, a pickle plate and mussels.  Good stuff.~pork ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~1VA_i9fj7BeD364Fupp0kQ~I went with high hopes -- we tried the strawberry daiquiri and the red velvet cupcakes. The cake parts of both were relatively flat, in that they looked compressed. I found the strawberry daiquiri one disappointing: it was too dense with too much icing. The red velvet one had a moister, lighter texture with nice cream cheese icing but it wasn't as good as the Costco red velvet cupcakes...   Probably would not return. Undoubtedly the cupcakes are a delight to see and smell, but nothing special to eat.  Update: I tried the mini cupcakes at a later date and found them significantly better than the large ones. I revised from 2 to 3 stars. The small ones tend to be moister and have a lower icing to cake ratio. They're just as sweet as the large ones but less daunting. Would recommend the small ones over the regular ones.~cupcakes cake cream cheese ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~q6xdw2DxFc3mloacnQyFOg~A very inviting space, Luke's was disappointing to me on food.  I ordered the seared ahi tuna appetizer, props to this being mostly discounted due to the yelp checkin but the tuna was overcooked and personally I think the dish would be much better leaving the tuna raw because the flavor of the slaw and sauce was a good compliment.  My crab cake sandwich was small and I was disappointed that they would not broil the crab cake but the waiter assured me that it was only quickly flash fried. We might have differing definitions of flash fried because there was a thick layer of fried crust which deterred what would have otherwise been a good sammy. The fries were excellent - well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  The bloody marys (although I didn't order one) had epicly sized accoutrements.~tuna tuna tuna crab cake ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Soy1dIDyr5xEkStGV16X1g~Roarrrrrrrr! No, it's okay prefer chopsticks :)  This oddly located restaurant is a delight.  When you first walk to the doors you know you're in for a treat -- I feel like making an entrance like Aragorn in LOTR -- you nerds know what I'm talking about.  I was feeling hungry that night and ordered me a "Big Ass Burger" -- no I'm not just saying it because it's big -- It's actually called the "Big Ass Burger!"  Yum!  Filled my little tummy :)  Service is bangin' -- Thanks Mr. Ryan!  The ambience is low and chill with a rustic feel.  No, not because of the age of the people :) - Enjoy!~burger burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~W-H6V5VLBKG73stj6kXNBQ~Of course its expensive!!! Duh, what was I thinking... It's the WYNN for goodness sakes!  My family was feeling spontaneous, packed a few things and headed Vegas in the pouring rain on sat evening! Since our trip was pretty last minute, we really only had half a day to spend in Vegas, but we still made time for one buffet so we chose to eat at the Wynn for lunch. While standing in line I told my dad i heard really good things about the buffet so he started to wonder how much it was going to be per person. My cheap dad thought it was only gonna be 18 bucks for lunch! ha ha  But I knew better, so after i told him my guess, he said "LETS GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!" of course we convinced him to stay!  And boy was he glad he did!  The Wynn buffet has such a huge selection of food. They had sea food, sushi, Asian food with a congee station, omelets made especially for you, pasta's, soul food, different kids of cheeses, bagels, breads, BBQ hen, prime rib, waffles, pancakes, parfaits, soups/salads/fruits, Mexican food, Italian food...u name it, they had it!  Oh and did i forget to mention their dessert?? They had a ton of different things there, felt like a kid in a candy store! the dessert selection alone is worth the $30+ bucks /per person.  Oh...I do have to say one thing though, pass on the candied apple, it 's really just for looks, the candy coating is a pretty red color but tastes disgusting! It's impossible to eat too, i almost hurt myself trying to get a bite of that apple!  Other than that, everything was amazing, even their unsweetened ice tea was the best i've ever had!! (i know, its probably all in my head..o well)  Oh yea, can't forget to mention we had the nicest server/bus boy =)~sushi pasta soul food cheeses breads pancakes salads apple apple tea ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~THXXUjyY7dORZgQ9txnuFw~Great little salad bar and would love to give them 5 Stars but no Organic Ingredients... YET,  I hope the powers that be see this and take note for those of use that prefer their foods to be clean and real. ;)~salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~2CzdoO-KLq2uji2cr12KQA~Great place to go for lunch...  but awful acoustics.   Everything echoes.   Best cup of coffee in town, but smaller than anticipated serving size ( need more than a few pieces pieces of  soggy lettuce to call it a side salad)        But this is where I will always bring my out of town guests for lunch for the million dollar view!     Beautiful location!~coffee lettuce salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~U8V6Z9bsHIy1i1qcx7xlLg~I'm always happy here and the wait times aren't bad, even when it's busy. They also have my favorite cheese curds in all of Madison!~cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Dihn6zt9096Kkw-8lhNsxQ~Graze is my one of my top 3 restaurants in Madison. The bibimbap is phenomenal, and their cheese curds are the best in Madison! Atmosphere is great too.   They don't take reservations, so go early on a weekend, or enjoy the wait by walking around the Square.  Their drink list is awesome too - and if you like wine, try their keg wine. It's delicious!~cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~wrXQKPLC_bS6g58w7li1ig~Adequate bar food; sub-par for Korean-inspired food, upscale looking happy hour. Graze is an almost average gastropub. (Alchemy, Weary Traveler, Harmony, even Old Fashioned offer more interesting, tasty meals.) If you want Kraft-mac bland, the Korean food is fine (seriously,  Kraft would have to skip the cheese to match the plain flavor of Graze). Kimchi is supposed to be fermented, not rotted. Without crispy rice, there is no proper bibimbap. Suits and hipsters circle each other nervously over cocktails; if this is your scene, you're keeping the doors open. Food sales do not. In a smaller pond this would be bigger fish food. There are many better options, some within a  block or two.~cheese ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~O-VqbCdaqMI2xjgYIpXFyA~Update: Having eaten here multiple times now, my experience is now a little more modest.  The Graze Burger is solid, but I realized it was a sloppy mess the 2nd time around. The bibimbap is probably the best Korean dish in Madison, which isn't saying much. The pork and crispy rice make it pretty interesting. The chicken & waffles are superb, as well!  The cheese curds are not my cup of tea. Something about the breading is just too thick. The cheese part of it is very good, though.  But, if you want a really good appetizer, go for the pork buns.  The prices are affordable and portions are filling, especially for a premier Capitol restaurant. There is always a long wait (we were trying to get dinner on a Saturday evening) but it is well worth it.~burger pork chicken cheese tea cheese pork ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a-WqwqcJrPEUJXLYeWzgaA~The sauce is good and they're always offering Groupons. I've tried their other food and its terrible. The fried chicken and catfish had absolutely no flavor. The bread is cold and soggy. The peach cobbler and mac and cheese were obviously microwaved (too hot in some spots, icy cold in others) and lacked flavor. If you're going for a pulled pork bbq sandwich with fries, you'll be fine. Anything else and you'll be really disappointed.   Overall totally overrated.~fried chicken ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aQkglCpqFytyW0XuGsIQYA~I just came back from Vegas for a short trip with my cousins and on our final day there we wanted a good buffet...Vegas style...and we found it HERE!! There was everything! It was Sunday so they have their Brunch buffet from 8am till 3pm. We got in line around 12:30 and were seated about 1:45pm the line was about an hour, it just took a little longer for us to get seated because we had a party of 10 and wanted to all sit together otherwise they will seat large parties earlier if you don't mind being separated.  We started eating as soon as we sat down and we ended up staying past 3pm for their switch to the dinner menu which was a total plus because they brought out king crab legs! And much much more!!!!  We paid 29.99 a person but if you want the champagne brunch it was 36.99 a person. And after 3pm the dinner goes up to 39.99 a person...my recommendation is to get there a bit before 3 pay the brunch price eat a little of one menue before they switch to the dinner you get twice the selection of food for a better price!! Happy Eatting P.S: The coffee ice cream is a must even if you don't like coffee!!! Its a complete must they make it themselves so its one of a kind!!!~coffee ice cream coffee ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~mw0x44dzX3p4q1J10KQm9w~Must go for lunch and dinner. I had salmon bisque soup that was fantastic! Then followed up with 1/2 dozen oysters in a half shell! Stellar! Then I had the Steel City Lobster Roll .... Taste great till I found a rubber band from the produce in my sandwich. The owner Luke came out with a new sandwich and apologized. He offered me a drink/dessert as well as no charge for the sandwich. Luke is a stand up guy and the restaurant is amazing! Highly recommend and I will be back:-) Thank you Luke and staff!~salmon soup lobster roll sandwich sandwich sandwich ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~HNr3CPZS72UU7beMu46g9Q~My favorite buffet in Vegas so far! Went here for the dinner buffet.  Sit in the garden area. It is so pretty and nice. It is kind of like Alice in Wonderland's tea party decor-wise.  The food is quite good for buffet fare. The salads that they mix for you have a touch too much dressing on them, but are great. Other good food items - Chinese shrimp dumplings, risotto, bruschetta, shrimps.    The desserts - this is where to spend your calories in this buffet if you have a sweet tooth like mine... The ice cream is excellent. Eat all of the flavors. Put toppings too! Candy apple is quite decent - it looks nice and eating it in the garden area makes it taste better. Lemon meringue thing in a cup = very very good. Strawberry shortcake recon in a cup was also very good. Black forest cake classed up in a neat slice - quite good. Apple crumble is sooo good and warm. Cream puff was so so - I have had better, but eat it anyway, it is not that big. The creme brle was not bad either, although the ones in Montreal are way better. Just eat it, since it tastes light and sugary. Crepe is good and ask for ice cream on it. Take a chocolate and sprinkled covered marshmallow on your way out the door because they look cute and are sweet.  Mmm. Go to this buffet and eat and eat and eat! Then sit and look at the pretty garden area, sip some tea, and eat eat eat some more. Make an evening out of it!~tea salads shrimp risotto shrimps desserts ice cream apple lemon cake apple ice cream tea ~5 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~8xMVXbS7-jBW_-qWWFFRFQ~My favorite place for spiked milk shakes. I always get the Carmel pretzel shake. It's the perfect mix of salty and sweet. The burgers are great too. I usually get farmer brown burger. It is awesome with the fried egg~milk burgers brown burger egg ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OcYtglu4jv4p0Lk1msFOUg~Awesome!  I was on a business trip in Arizona and this place was recommended.  Our group of 6 sat on the patio (they had fires going so the temperature was nice).  It was dinner and the waiter was awesome (I think his name was Paul).  We had the chili Mac & cheese and it was good (I am not a Mac & Cheese person - AT ALL).  I had the Salmon and tasted the pork tenderloin.  Both dishes were awesome.  The food is presented nicely.  One in our group had the fish tacos (which were actually shrimp that night).  he said they were awesome.  I want to try the Big Ass burger - maybe as a carb load before a run the next day.  The ambiance was perfect for conversation with business colleagues.  I will caveat that our dinner was at the same time as the BCS championship game.  The waiter even noted that the restaurant traffic was light.  We had a great time and I learned that there is a location in Austin in my neck of the woods.  Funny, I had to travel to learn of great spot in my own backyard.  I'm adding Roaring Fork to one of my favs!  Try it!~cheese cheese salmon pork tacos shrimp burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3K3o1HiboSlMUuwt8PnLbw~The pinnacle of Vegas buffets.    They offer all sorts of cuisines here at the Wynn and every single one is done surprisingly well.  Great meat selection at the carving station, and the seafood selection is ample as well.  Crab legs cut in half, piles of cocktail shrimp ready for the taking, and even a nice sushi selection on the side, with hand rolls being my favorite although you gotta get it when it just comes out or else the seaweed will get soggy and that's no fun.  A good deal of grilled items, which to me shows that they are actually spending to effort to make their items, rather than taking the easy road and frying everything.  BBQ sliders, hen, grilled pork chops, and roasted fish are just a few the good ones.  As for the carving station, definitely go for the bacon if they have it.  It is just a beautiful piece of meat done right.  If you go there for brunch, there's an omelette station and once dinner service starts at 3:30pm, it turns into a made-to-order Italian pasta station.  I love the pasta there, especially when you can have it made with the ingredients you like and the sauces to go with it.  Nothing better than to sit here for 3+ hours and eat different meals all in one sitting :P   As for the dessert selection, it beats all others as well.  Just the ice cream is a good enough reason.  Their coffee ice cream is bitter like real coffee and they offer good toppings for your ice cream.  Pile them almonds!  You can even order crepes which is just fun cause you can choose different toppings to overdose on sugar.  My favorite dessert though is the creme brulee just cause I'm a sucker for them hahah.  This buffet seriously stands alone at the top by itself.  I absolutely love coming here.  The quality is there and I really think everything is just done with much more effort.  At $30-40 it is a bit pricey and the wait can be long but hey, it's worth it.~shrimp sushi pork bacon pasta pasta ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ice cream ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~4tTP2eSIe6NnEss0g8oC9A~I really liked the food and felt that the quality and freshness of the ingredients produced flavors that were like very few meals that I have ever had.  I ordered the GrazeBurger and couldn't help but notice that the burger was obviously made in such a way that set it apart from almost every other burger that I have ever had.  With all that said, our cheese curds, 2 GrazeBurgers, Asian pasta entree and 3 nonalcoholic beverages ran $95.00. Everything was delicious but for the $30+ average ticket I probably won't be lining up again that soon.  As delicious as it was, $21.00 for maybe a 6oz burger left me feeling a bit out of my element.~burger burger cheese pasta burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5MAub7krLlDxYSFdc7HkkQ~Been to location in North Austin .... this is just as good.  Great drinks, helpful waiter and phenomenal chicken flat bread.  Reasonable cost for the environment and treatment.  Food is outstanding and employees seem to care about what they do.  Rest room is a long jaunt but nothing is perfect.  Well worth the trip and your money.~chicken ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~6ZXDKMNeu64BCNWGjm7v-g~Seeing that I can only recall having Cuban food once before this, I guess I really don't have much expertise in this area.  However, I was blown away yesterday when my mom, brother & I shared a variety of tastes here.  We all shared an appetizer, one of their lunch specials and the Midnight sandwich.  Which was definitely more than enough food! You most certaintly get your moneys worth!    While the multiple layers of the sandwich are like a party in your mouth, the slow roasted, tender sliced pork with onions was a tounge-gasim for sure!  I can't wait to go back and get this meat all packaged up in the Cuban sandwich form.  The appetizer was delicious too, I just can't remember it's name, but it was a shrimp and crab filled fried green plantain.  While the crunchy plantain may have been a bit too crunchy for my taste, the filling was so scrumptious that I had no problem finishing that last little piece that no one else wanted to claim, lol.  All the sides were pretty tasty too!   We also lucked out that my brothers friend's joined us a little late, because we all got a taste, of perhaps the most amazing fried chicken ever!  The breading was light and crispy, and the chicken was oh so tender. Then the cherry on top, he ordered a piece of the Tres Leche cake for everyone to share and one to go.  Upon arrival, he decided that one was simply not going to enough to share and ended up eating his to go piece right then. Even though I had originally said no dessert, I once again had no issue with scraping up that last little morsel of this light and lucious cake.  I also decided a coffee sounded like the perfect compliment, and the lovely waitress recommended the Cuban espresso. At first I hesitated, but of course, it was simply amazing, the perfect ending to a perfect meal.~sandwich sandwich pork sandwich shrimp plantain plantain fried chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4iLB64vVZ4dHHSoqN58O3Q~way overrated.  there were a lot of options, but there wasn't anything that stood out for me. the place is a little reminiscence of the tea party in alice in wonderland. and we only had our drinks refilled once.~tea ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~z8XmuTAU9eUXpUytYf5RcQ~0% probability cheese curds can be made better by anyone. If you are ever in Madison, make it a priority to stop in. Service, food & drinks were spot on.~cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~b9LV9b67uflgRS2VCWr4vw~Went during brunch hours on Sunday, February 13, 2011. The line was pretty long, close to bout an hour wait. Price was approx~ 35 per person We had a party of 11 people seating wasn t too bad Food was pretty good Ranges out from different sections The prime ribs was excellent Staff members were extremely nice I m not much of a buffet person but I would definitely come back ~ribs 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~xumqR4BfVu4fJncdcCZnnw~So I was soooooooo excited to go to this restaurant per the pictures on Yelp and the comments. When my boyfriend and I walked into the restaurant it was aesthetically pleasing and the greeter and waiter was very pleasant. Being from New Orleans the first thing to catch our eyes was the Asian catfish...actually it wasn't the Asian part JUST A TASTE OF THE YUMMY FLAKY CATFISH!!!! We ordered it and there was no seasoning on the fish (this saddened me) but hey the dipping sauce helped. He (the boyfriend) then ordered a mixed drink, but it was like a play on hot chocolate and it actually tasted like a lemonade. Lol I think I liked it! My boyfriend didn't.   Lol then I had to order the lobster roll (this is what I came there for). So I ordered the hot one with the gravy over it and guess what?????? I DIDN'T LIKE THE LOBSTER ROLL!!!! BUT I LOOOOOOOVED THE GRAVY WITH MY FRENCH FRIES!!!!!  2 STARS FOR THIS PLACE BUT ONLY FOR THE GOOD ASS GRAY!!!!  YUMMYLICIOUS!!!~lobster roll lobster roll french fries ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~qSuaf0Z6pAuVwcsdq6o_JQ~Super popular hip restaurant in the Capitol area of Madison.  Not crazy about the hour long waits, but I did enjoy the farm to table offerings.  Their seasonal lemonade was fantastic - mine was cherry raspberry.  For appetizers we had the mac and cheese made with 10 year old cheddar.  I realize the cheese was aged but I think it would have benefited from a blend of cheeses to make the flavor more complex.  The artisan bread was tasty, but the style was more homemade than artisan.  They were rolls like the kind you could make in your oven at home.  Truffle popcorn is a huge trend right now, and I was glad to try their rendition.  It was natural popcorn, a little salty and a hint of truffle.  I think I would've preferred more of a dunking of truffle.  Finally, the cheese curds.  AMAZING!  The breading was light and the dipping sauce complemented nicely.   For our entrees we had the warm farro salad and the fried chicken and waffle.  The warm farro salad was great - a lot of fresh vegetable ingredients and a nice tangy vinegarette dressing.  The fried chicken was a bit disappointing.  The batter was laid on very thick and so the chicken was encrusted with this coat of batter that didn't have the unevenness or crispy texture you'd get with a light hand battered chicken.  Overall, a good restaurant - high end and hip with good farm to table choices.  Next time, i'll stick with more vegetables.~cherry appetizers mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TxSSdJx0wuspTS8Sg7U5XA~Green mac and cheese! GREEN MAC AND CHEESE! GREEN MAC AND CHEESE!!!  If you can only have one thing while you're there, you HAVE TO HAVE the green mac and cheese. I am a mac and cheese fanatic, and I was in love! It was perfectly cheesy and the bread crumb crust was perfectly toasted. I can't wait to find a reason to go back to Scottsdale to have it again.  Now, on the drive to the hotel, our driver recommended the "Big Ass Burger," which I didn't order, because it was literally a BIG ASS burger. It was the size of my ASS! I couldn't bring myself to do it.  Our group did order the spicy jack fondue with apples, yams (?) and the best crouton thingys ever! In addition to loving mac anc cheese, I love all things with cheese in them, so this was perfect.   Dinner - I had the filet mignon. Come on, it was on someone else's tab, I had to do it. It was a piece of meat and nothing else. It was cooked to perfection, so I was extremely happy.   Dessert, well the chocolate cake was meh. Even though it had chiles of some sort in it for southwestern flair. It was WAY TOO dense! I could only handle ONE bite, and that's saying something because I love sweets and could eat them all day long. The creme brulee was much better.  But get the Green Mac and Cheese!!!~mac and cheese ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~mt8rjiv8ZFZ5aBZHPDqdsg~when i see a bunch of microwaves behind the counter, i get apprehensive.   i also read a few claims that the king palace isn't really authentic. not being pakistani, i can't speak to this. however, when i visited, the restaurant was full of happy regulars. like with chinese food, you rarely go wrong following chinese people.  i had the kashmiri chicken. it took a while, but it was delicious. but even more delicious was the naan. i loved it. i couldn't finish all the food.  dcor screams hole-in-the-wall. service is brusque (at least to me), but efficient.~chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~z0EuMBqKddIeH-iqvF0mmg~First buffet at Vegas (that I can remember...) and it was pretty amazing!  There's a good variety of items here but not as much as I thought there would be. Some casino buffets in San Diego have more variety of items than here, but what they lack in variety, they excel in quality.   There might be a ton of buffets out there that claim they have the most variety of items but the quality is horrendous! And when you take that into consideration, there's probably only a couple of things you can actually eat because everything else tastes like crap.   Everything tastes AMAZING here at Wynn! Some of my favorites have to be the FLANK STEAK. OMG! BEST TASTING STEAK EVER!!! I couldn't stop eating it! They used really good quality foods for everything! The fruit they served had some of the best tasting pineapple I've ever had!! There's a really nice dessert section with a made to order crepe station!! For dinner there is also king crap legs that are sliced in half for you already!! You don't have to work for the meat, which makes it all the more enjoyable to eat!!   I loved the presentation of all the food items. I tend to not eat salads at buffets but when Wynn arranges the salad in beautiful glass cups, I couldn't even resist eating some!   Drinks are unlimited as well, so you can pick from coffee, tea, sodas, etc.   I think lunch is around $24 and dinner is around $43 (tax included).   The only reason I didn't give this place five stars is because: 1) Lacking in variety of items (as compared to other casino buffets); 2) No watermelon (my favorite fruit); 3) No macaroons (which I saw on other yelper's pictures); 4) Our waiter changed shifts and our second waiter was really neglectful of us  Overall: I would totally recommend this buffet! The quality of their foods here is top notch!~steak steak pineapple salads salad coffee tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~e4NNpvUcFAYWPttiCbO3xg~We've eaten here many times and have always loved the food.  My husband gets the rib-eye steak and says they're the best he has ever had.  The Big Ass burger is not your average burger. It's huge and the beef has a wonderful flavor.  The chicken flatbread is delicious so much so that one friend ordered that as their entree.  The huckleberry cheesecake and hot huckleberry bread pudding with ice cream were amazing.  Their ingredients are always fresh and tasty.    We had an item, only once, that we didn't care for and management went above and beyond to take care of it.  They're very diligent about making sure the customer is happy with their meal.    It's a good idea to make reservations for dinner as sometimes the tables/booths are all reserved and you may have to sit out on the patio.  The dinner patio is large, with good size, comfortable tables/chairs and a fireplace if it's a little chilly. If you want to be there for Happy Hour and thus have to sit in the bar area, you better be there long before opening or you won't get a seat.  Even the small bar patio fills up.  We've taken friends and family from out-of-state there and know they'll be happy with their meal.  The noise level depends on where you're sitting.  If it's in the bar area during happy hour it can get a little noisy but the dining room and large patio seem to be quiet to average for noise.~steak burger burger beef chicken ice cream ~5 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~Sox6LZmn0BLw8qWzW2d-Yw~Food was delicious. Tacos were excellent and coconut chicken appetizer was great too. But while we were here for lunch we got bothered extensively by a group of guys that were beyond shitfaced. It was a Monday afternoon! One guy walked over to our table and said inappropriate things while another drank out of my water glass. Total disregard for personal space. Do not dine here unless you are willing to drunk assholes and a disregard for your experience. Food was delicious. Experience overall was awful. Have  never had someone come to my table and drink out of my water. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone over 21 years old.~tacos coconut chicken ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4od_jisnrWJCfshhWS8AiA~Went here with a group of 8. Kind of weird location because it in a business park area. Overall the food I ordered was amazing. Some of the other dishes seemed a tad bland but that could be my pallet.  The tortilla soup is a must! So great the way the avocado and chicken make the soup so creamy and filling. Plus the presentation is gorgeous. I ordered the dried chicken. Of the 8, it definitely won everyone as the best dish. Only comment is that I would of loved a green vegetable with it, alone it was quite heavy.  I appreciate that they have a pre fix menu option which is a good deal. There was a wedding party or something going on which made the place super busy on a Thursday but Overall I'd totally go back.~soup avocado chicken soup chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~G1UD7AUKVqAL-e2X-4JmWQ~No sushi :( I hope this is temporary! This was a main selling point for me. Bummer.  On the upside, the popcorn shrimp is quite tasty!~sushi popcorn shrimp ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~_PqYXu_Ea8Z1Nu2suicEPQ~My family and I were disappointed to see that the The Buffet seems to be slipping.  When we visited a few days ago, the quality was sub-par.  The eggs Benedict were hard-boiled, the fish was overcooked, and our waiter was not very attentive (we ran out of coffee and cream and never saw our waiter again to request more.)  I hope this is a temporary lapse, but if this is the new norm I don't think we'll dine elsewhere.~eggs benedict coffee ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~NiCW5_p-83eo1S_CcC7B-g~It tough times when coming here as it's all about decisions, decisions. ...and more decisions. lol.. Prairie girl cupcakes spits out over 20+ types of cupcake flavors from vanila, red velvet, and lemon to peanut butter, caramel and coconut.  Though this place is small, like a kiosk, it can definitely serve to satisfy your sweet tooth...........any time of the day. Just ensure you're there latest by NOON in case you wish to reserve a case for any work meeting.  Another thing to look out for is their flavors of the day (usually two type) that sell for $1.99 for two minis.~cupcakes lemon peanut butter ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~qxPF4QWBXpQFXXrKCSt-sw~Luke Wholey's is a great place to stop in when shopping in the Strip on the weekends. Especially in the warmer months, I love the open garage doors and the fresh oyster shucking outside. There's not many places in the 'Burgh to get great oysters, but definitely Luke Wholey's is one of them. Especially check out their happy hour when they have 1/2 price specials! I consistently have had great fish here - fresh, delicious and everything cooked perfectly. The lobster bisque and the old bay peel and eat shrimp are my favorite starters other than oysters. I've also had salmon and tuna here that was excellent!~shrimp salmon tuna ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FTdr1cHrYmJoq565SrpNBg~We had 2 comps to come here for dinner or lunch and we came here for lunch while still needing to pay for 2 other people.  The lady that was ringing us up was at first not that nice in knowing that we had the comps, because she had to call other mgrs, like we were trying to get in for free- oh wait, we were.  But anyway, once it was okayed, she smiled and said thank you.  i don't like those kind of people.  Buffet:  They make people wait in line when there are clearly room inside.  you know, it's like those friday night clubs in sf that want to look like they are so hot.  Did not like that either.    Food:  Things tasted good, variety not so much.  Fruits were really fresh and good, but it's just fruit.  Liked the personalized omelettes to order, but there was nothing special and not worth $30 for the weekend lunch.  Service is nice inside, but waiters were not fast in picking up dishes, mainly because I think the spot we sat in was far.    However I thought the gelato buffet was really cool and distinctive and everyone has to try the coffee flavor!    In the end, i only got 2 plates and had a stomach ache. : (  Derek says:  I had the dinner buffet here and thought the food was of high quality but like janice i thought the variety was not there.  THE COFFEE GELATO IS A MUST TRY.  its pretty dark coffee flavor so i like it.  i was stuff at the buffet had 4 servings of prime rib, load of crablegs, shrimp, mussels, clams, had some side dishes and finished it off with a crepe and 6 creme brulees.~coffee coffee coffee shrimp ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fO-6T529VJnN3imgFBlnAg~We love Graze. Excellent atmosphere, perfect view of the Capitol, and nice outdoor seating in the summer/fall.  Must haves: Pretzel appetizer, White Truffle Popcorn, Hooks Aged Cheddar Mac&Cheese, Pub Burger   Pros: Great food, fresh ingredients, locally sourced Excellent ambiance/cool decor Easy to fit large parties (as long as you're willing to wait!) Friendly Waitstaff Great Vegetarian Options!  Cons: No reservations, so if you go at a busy time, plan to wait for at least an hour~white popcorn burger ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~bCziG4S8hnNs0o2r6Inrxg~Went tonight for Father's Day dinner , was greeted by a very friendly staff and ambiance . Had the dumpling and oyster appetizer was amazing.for entree had the Chilean sea bass and honestly the best I have ever had !! My wife had the chicken very good ! Amazing dinner and service highly recommended !!!~chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~cI2CdW0DqgTW640gxRphNg~We were told that we needed to come to this restaurant, not primarily for the food but for the view. We were not disappointed. The restaurant is enclosed by floor to ceiling glass windows, and beyond the windows are a pretty sweet view of the capital. Especially gorgeous during the evening.   The first thing I noticed about this restaurant though, is that it gets loud. I'm talking, "I need a drink to tune everything else out" kind of loud. Just a note. If you're a notorious over-orderer like I am, then try to snag a seat at a bar or a booth if possible, the tables in the center of the restaurant seem a little small.  As for the menu, there are a handful of market entrees you have all sorts of options including beef, fish, scallops, and tofu. The farm to table concept here is huge. The backside of the menu showcases all the local food supplies that Graze sources their food from. Eat local! There is also a small selection of other items to choose from which include traditional favorites like burgers, fried chicken and mac and cheese. Just for good measure, there's also a bibimbap on the menu--us rice loving Hawaii people appreciated this!   While the Graze Burger seems to get all the hype around here, I wasn't in the mood to eat a full on cow so I decided to go with the Pub Burger and switched the regular beef patty with the beet and walnut patty. I'm no vegetarian (pls, I'm the girl who says a meal is not a meal if there's no meat in it), but I do love all beet everything and this was no exception. The flavor of the patty was certainly unique; it didn't replicate the flavor of a beef patty, but I don't think that was the intention here. I liked the subtle notes of sweetness from the beets, and the ground up walnuts did a good job in making the patty dense and moist. Using a toasty english muffin in lieu of a traditional burger bun was also very different, but I liked this change as well.  The cheese curds were delicious, deep fried goodness! I don't have much to compare it to, but it's hard to screw up cheese and fried stuff. Together with the house ranch, the curds are an artery clogging party--obviously the best kind.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. Nice ambiance and great food!~beef tofu burgers fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~wfLRy0OOlDDSd7OvhQMJeA~If you watch Portlandia then you know what to expect here. It is casual upscale dining with a hipster feel. Nothing really stands out as amazing, but overall it is okay.   We tried the cheese curds and Mac-n-Cheese with brisket. Cheese curds with Hook Cheese can't be bad, but the sauce wasn't as tasty as we'd hoped. The Mac-n-Cheese continues to be a let down in Madison, but I'd say this is the best of them.   Service was good and attentive. Seemed to know the menu well. The kicker here is the cost. It's high enough to make it not a watering hole type location, but not dressy enough for a night out on the town.   People locally love the place. I think it's a solid choice on the square.~cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~VLFxhkL0MrgGkWsRqxzcXQ~Come during sunset. So romantic. The view is amazing. I have never been to Arizona before and this view is just everything I would have thought Arizona to look like. Red, Rocky Mountains, blush pink, orange and blue skies. The food was very good. Had the miso salmon. Service was on point too. Is kinda upscale here so definitely dress more than casual (cute dress and heels :) Ahhhh, the ambience!~miso salmon ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~sHT_P4-UtARObXIZSM0UEw~The midnight line-up of taxi cabs out front lends this place some credibility as a solid, late night indian place. As a 3AM munchies spot, King Palace certainly takes the cake as number one.  Don't let the 75-item menu board intimidate you. I'm not sure why they've decided to list every imaginable combination of rice, curry, meat and naan bread, but they have. You can just order rice plus a few proteins from their huge, colourful steam table. Cold steam table.  At King Palace, the food is kept at room-temperature on a defunct "steam" table and freshly microwaved to order. My chilli chicken, chicken paneer and lamb korma with plain rice was seasoned well. A great melding of spice, tart and sweet. But the nuke gave the food hot spots, cold spots and made the rice soggy. An unexpected side of naan bread was probably the best part, drizzled to the point of pooling with clarified butter; lesson learned, don't get rice next time.  If it's the middle of the night and you want more than poutine or a hot dog, and something more exciting than 24-hour breakfast, this is the place. If it's the middle of the day and you want good Indian, there's many better options.  A laggy YouTube stream of Indian music videos provides the ambience.~cake chicken chicken paneer lamb butter hot dog ~3 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~ocZexaHYrHbbYLfP_7o8yQ~Great place to have a tuna melt. It is very delicious and nutritious.  The Texas chili hits the spot every time.~tuna ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~A0b5K7gOhhQcVMXDUzxYDw~It's everything everyone says about it, and it's a shame it's taken this long for me to try it, but I'm glad I did. In fact, It's so good I'm making Graze my first review after a long stint on the disabled list with stomach problems -- a nightmare for a wannabe foodie like me.   The beer and drink lists are so vast, you could spend your entire 45-minute wait for a table just deciding what to have; I had an old fashioned well made enough to rival those of Graze's eponymous down-the-block neighbor.   The menu was less vast, but everything looked so good it took just as long to decide. A pretzel seems so simple, but makes for an incredible appetizer when surrounded by Graze's house made dipping sauces. For dinner, I went for the Graze burger; I've been dreaming about it nightly ever since.   Enjoy the view, the attractive crowd, the drinks, the apps, the everything. Don't wait as long as I did to come here. Just go.~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dZZ3fmWiyODLFrcVWOXhrQ~Fancy place! With affordable prices!  Came for drinks and appetizers. Was very pleased. Clever cocktails and fun appetizers.  Their fried cheese curds have this fluffiness about them. Small clouds of happiness.   Their menu has some Korean persuasion which definitely intrigued me. Can't wait to come back for dinner one day and do another review!~appetizers appetizers cheese ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~wGAoQulO87QXK1WgcnCHsQ~Culinary perfection. I could stop there...  The Feng shui is evident from the entry walk.  The architecture feels like we are part of something important. The view is one on the best available in the Phoenix valley. The water served is crystal clear in delicate stemware. Let's talk food! OMG BOOM POW WOW!  I delighted in my omelet ranchero. I've never experienced better. Unlike anything I have ever experienced. The daughter revelled in what was called eggs benedict but was a ridiculous combination of salivary explosions.  The wife went for miso salmon salad. The fish was perfectly prepared and matched with greens and spice.  What a treat! If you have never, you must. If you have, repeat over and over.~eggs benedict miso salmon salad greens ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3CjzuwhNbRBJZrOHRX4jqA~There's something about Graze. That is to say, both on the good and bad side.  L'Etoile's sister restaurant, Graze has a great pedigree and an identical commitment to local sourcing and top notch ingredients.  The menu is eclectic and there's something for everyone on it.  I'm not really buying its "gastropub" moniker. Graze is bright and sunny [floor to ceiling windows bright and sunny] like a farm cafe. Bar offerings seem peripheral rather than central to the experience, and I can't imagine going there after 10:30 pm or so. Both the Old Fashioned and Cooper's (right on Capital Square) and Natt Spil or Opus just off the square have cozier seating, more extensive drink menus, and zero pretension, making them far more appealing for a late night bite even if their food might not be on the same level as Graze (and I'd argue that Old Fashioned and Natt Spil both put out food that is on the same level or above what I've had at Graze).   I often come here for lunch, and find the service at once overbearing and slow-- quite a feat.  Example from today's meal: "How were your first bites?" followed by "Still liking your food?" five minutes later... "Do you need more iced tea?"  two minutes later... "Are you sure you don't want anything else?" while I have a mouthful of food, then disappearing for 20 minutes as I anxiously peer around, needing a check so I can make it back to my office in time for a meeting.  There are some things I really like on the menu.  Magic Coffee lives up to its name.  Their slightly upscale take on fried cheese curds--phenomenal.  The deep fried pickles are kitschy and yummy.  All of their salads, while quite light for the price, are very tasty.  And I think their ramen bowl, which is made with Wah Kee noodles and served with a spicy chili oil on the side so I can make it as spicy as I want, is one of the best soups in town.  But other things on the menu (falafel po'boy, I'm lookin' at you) are completely lackluster.  Or they are inconsistent in taste/portion (something I've noticed frequently here).  Nevertheless, there's just enough good to outweigh the not-so-bad, so I keep coming here, and I think that once they settle into a groove as a fairly new (less than a year) restaurant, Graze will prove to be a favorite.~tea coffee cheese fried pickles ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~bRDekV87JCI68n1gBWeFZg~The food is above average, but it is not especially innovative or creative.  They use quality ingredients in standard combinations for a tasty product.  The tuna tartare was a standout, I had a venison special that was merely good. The waiter couldn't answer a few questions about the food and went to check for me.  I generally expect a little more familiarity with the food at "upscale" places.   You are definitely being upcharged for the view and the setting - but for a special dinner, it is worth it, because the view and setting are pretty killer. Stop by the Jade bar before or after dinner - it is my fave place in AZ for drinks.~tuna ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Z2AyGukX1JLUtf1oVzRZvg~Excellent meal!  I had pork shoulder carnitas with an excellent wine.  They have some interesting cocktails too.. I think my friend had an agave margarita?  Also tried the watermelon salad which was delicious.  Price was just right and the service was very good. Make a reservation for a weekend evening, it tends to get pretty busy.  Very nice patio also!  I'll be back!~pork carnitas salad ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~8btUhYRgM-cJvR2j48Nhmg~AWESOME selection of beer!!!!.. Check it out....  In addition, I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries and it was BOMB!!~burger sweet potato ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~toECli0UUdyHGZeoa3S4Wg~Got an email for $6.99 lunch so I decided to head on out. I used to go here all the time when they had a location on central and camelback but this one is a bit more complicated to get to by bus... since it is on the wrong side of the freeway from metrocenter. Either way I found the place and started off with lots of different salad choices. The wonton happiness is my favorite. I also got some of thier lemon broccoli salad and Joan's broccoli madness plus some of thier tuna pasta salad. All was good and I paid for my meal and got a water cup. It was pretty busy and was seat yourself so I chose a booth where I could see the soup bar. After I finished the salad I tried some yummy potato soup and some lemon soup which was interesting. Lemon seemed to be in complete abundance from the broccoli to the pasta to the soup to the lemon muffins to at dinner they had a lemon lava cake. A little overboard in my opinion. But either way some of the best things I had that day were the broccoli madness, the potato soup, the cornbread muffins....with real corn inside, their delicious sugar free chocolate mousse, and a brownie sundae.~salad lemon broccoli salad broccoli tuna pasta salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RUWauWz3Yc7db7I8ec4l7w~We got into Phoenix about 815 and by the time we reached our hotel in Scottsdale it was nearly 10.  We were all hungry and would have went about anywhere.  Roaring Fork was across the street so we walked over.   When we came in, it was five after ten and the waitress said no more food--kitchen's closed.  We were disappointed.  Then the manager came over and said they would seat us.  YES!!  We had a lovely waitron, Katherine who took especially good care of us.  We had a nice bottle of wine and began with the field greens salad with goat cheese and pecans.  It was wonderful.  The only part I didn't like was the beets (there weren't many) but I don't like beets.     I had a swordfish special which was divine.  It was late when we were done so we skipped dessert.  Someone had the pizza, which I didn't care for too much.    We are only here for a few days but we may come back, this place was great.  Ask for Katherine as your waitron--she rocks!!~greens salad cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~f10dwXHcNHTazJDBe9FioQ~I'm glad I had a Deal Chicken deal because the food was just ehhh.   With my credit of $24 and a few extra dollars, I ordered a full rack of pork ribs which included two sides (I chose collared greens & sweet potato fries-- small upcharge that I was not informed of), 1/2lb of hot links and a few free dinner buns.   The ribs were fairly good (3 stars) albeit a bit dry-- I guess that's why they drown it in BBQ sauce. The hot links however were dissssgusting. (0 stars). Just thinking about it makes me want to puke. It was so soft, I quickly tossed out the serving that was on my plate and what was left in the container. They are what I imagine vienna sausages would taste like (but spicy, of course).   Collared greens & sweet potato fries were edible.. not cringeworthy (like the hot links), but not worth the calories/stomach space either.   Service was friendly & efficient.   Warning: be prepared to swat flies if you dine in. There were several on the day I was in... ick!~chicken pork ribs greens sweet potato ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~KsOd97IBQ0PZaDDaIliK4g~Stopped in Pittsburgh on our way to West Virginia and was craving sushi so we found this cute little spot and I have to say I'm so glad we did. The decor was ocean themed and the staff were very attentive and friendly. We ordered a sushi roll and in addition got the Mahi Mahi fish tacos and they were AMAZING. Would love to come back someday.~sushi sushi tacos ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~CzFfZdd9CUqHhQmM5PGt4g~Have been to Madison only twice, but this my go - to. Farm to table deliciousness, an amazing cheese selection, knowledgeable and attentive wait staff, and great cocktails. Have sat at the bar and also at a table. It's open with huge windows and great views. They will have waits for busy times, but will text you when your table is ready so you can go for a walk, enjoy the farmers market, or grab a beer someplace else. Last night we had a cheese plate selected by our waitress, marinated beets, and Mac and Cheese. Last time we had their cheese curds and breakfast fair.~cheese cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6NxBX_NtADEMLLdEQqIRYQ~Started off with the pork buns... kim chee was really overpowering with a big pile of cilantro in one spot.  wasn't organized well because each bite either only had kim chee or pork.  Pork and sauce were both good though.  Secondly I ordered the Pub Burger.  I ordered it medium rare and got it medium well.  I asked for it with no mustard, but the waitress insisted that it was ok because the condiments all come on the side.  Little did I know that the condiments were all sort of mixed together so I had a hard time getting the ketchup/mayo without the mustard.  Bacon tasted very old.  On the side were the fries and aoli.  The aoli was tastless... sort of like mayonnaise. Fries were very over salted and also tasted stale.  I work in a restaurant so I know what stale fries taste like...  Service was very slow...  ...not planning on returning for a very long time~pork cilantro pork pork burger bacon fries fries fries ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4jYtdOKK5RXbBDLj994qAg~I went to roaring fork for a Sunday night happy hour with my husband and had a great time.  I had a glass of wine $5 and my husband had a mojito $5.  We spilt the happy hour cheese burger and guacamole, both were yummy, but we regretted not ordering the happy hour rotisserie chicken. It looked delicious and was a nice sized portion! I'm definitely going to go back and give it a try.  You have to sit at the bar to get the happy hour prices, but the ambiance there is just as nice as sitting in the main portion of the restaurant and the service was still very attentive.~cheese burger chicken ~5 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~3heS9bd4hNlZqDF6qX8MSQ~I went there when the truck was parked on de Bluery and St.Catherine for the Just For Laughs Festival.   I ordered the special of the day which was a roast chicken and bacon grilled cheese and I got a side of tator tots. It took almost 15 mins before the guy at the window came to tell me there was something wrong with their fryer and was unable to make the tator tots. I substituted with the gazpacho which really was okay.   You`d imagine that there would be better communication with the staff for such a small truck, I would have thought the guy that took my order knew there was an issue with the fryer. Maybe not. I waited more than 20 mins for my order. That`s a bit much for a grilled cheese and cold soup. It wasn`t busy, at the time it was only myself and a friend who had ordered.   I found they were extremely over priced for what serve. I think it was like $11. We`re talking grilled cheese. It was actually pretty good, my mother makes it better.   I did reach out to them on Twitter to see what time they closed at and they responded within mins. I`ll give them that! I wouldn`t go back but I hope others have a better experience.~chicken bacon cheese gazpacho cheese soup cheese ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~4UGI7-OKuXnGVeNk4U9BhQ~Got a family meal deal for home consumption.  Two slabs of ribs had plenty of meat on them (not baby back, but pork), came chopped up.  Two adults and 2 kids, despite gorging ourselves, only ate about 75%.  Their sauce is frankly exceptional.  But the sides... well... sucked.  The corn was watery (they must soak in hot water for a day or two).  The potato salad, while having the skin of red potatos and being pretty decent, had a strong dill taste that I liked but I couldn't get kids or wife to enjoy.  The rolls aren't good... but most aren't at these kinds of places.  What pissed me off the most was that they forgot one of the sides... mac and cheese.  Anyway, here's what i got out of the deal.. I will come back for the ribs.  And WILL absolutely come back for the sauce.  In fact, I may just come get a tub of sauce and BBQ my own ribs if I'm not feeling particularly lazy.    Meat = Good Sides = Bad Sauce = Exceptional (5 Stars)  Enjoy!~ribs pork corn potato salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~mLMHz9vpAMdIJIafd6S2BA~This buffet wasn't as tasty as I remembered. We went for the brunch buffet, about $35/head. Comes with basic drinks & super-awesome thermos pitcher that keeps the coffee steaming hot. The environment was very upscale & whimsical, like the rest of the casino. Selection was incredible. A lot of the food looked good, but didn't taste that great.  We started out with some seafood. DH did not recommend the oysters. "Didn't taste fresh," he said. The dim sum was really mediocre. Avoid like the plague if you've had real dim sum. Also, don't get anything fried that has been sitting under a heat lamp. Fish & chips hard & dehydrated. Yuck.  The highlight was the prime rib. It was moist & juicy, so nice with the au jus. "It was the best value of the buffet," said DH. The cocktail shrimp were okay, but the house-made sauce was awesome.  We tried a lot of the desserts and some had weird foam-like over whipped cream. Not too appealing. The lava cake was pretty good. Their ice cream was okay, but not as dense as the super premium stuff.  The guy who was our waiter was super attentive. If you don't leave a coat on your chair, they have no way to tell whether you're leaving for good. Be sure to leave a tip on the table for these hard working folks!~coffee chips shrimp desserts cake ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~h9_ykP1BKwT5SZbMYFmGrA~4.5  there is a SLIGHT reason why i give this place a 4.5... it would have easily been a 5 had the trout i had ordered had a side of rice or veggies on the side. you wouldn't believe HOW BIG the fish was...  anyways...  prior to roaring fork, i went online and decided to scope out the menu and noticed that there were 3 other restaurants by the same owner. so i called and asked what the main difference was... the other 2 places focused primarily on meat/seafood while roaring fork had both. why not enjoy the variety?  we started off with an upbeat, easygoing server. very easy to please with lots of suggestions.... we ended up ordering a side of GREEN CHILI MAC AND CHEESE and my gosh,that mac and cheese blew me away. soo soo damn GOOD.. i would have easily ordered it as an entree and took it to go had they had it on their menu....for $7, that was  no goner! :P  he ordered the $23 some INFAMOUS "DR PEPPER" BABY BACK RIBS.. with fries on the side... the fries on the side kinda killed it, but who is it say that it is not an american place to be...  good choice... it was def a nice size... i may be a meat eater but when one orders meat, i tend to go the other way and order fish.... never tried a "RAINBOW trout" so i figured that i should be adventurous. for $19, which is a steal, was OH SOO GOOD but that is where my experience went wrong. had they had a side of grilled veggies or rice, it would have been a 5 star experience. EASILY! it was too salty that i left a few bites in between and took it home... it was sauteed with roasted almonds and you wouldn't believe how tasty it was!!!   anyhoo, the portions were quite generous and im definitely stoked that i came here for dinner and oh, not to mention, kudos to playin the USC game!! and yes, the trojans did win! :)  RF also has happy hours and if i was a local, i would totally hit this place up... for the young ins, the crowd is quite ... hmm, what's the word? more of an older crowd, from mid 40s and up, and business casual attire is quite appropriate... but don't let that ruin your experience here...  valet parking is comp and nonetheless, because this place is located in a businessy district, parking is not a problem...  in fact, it felt like irvine, for those who are familiar with so cal.  if the trout had the sides i wanted, i would be a happy camper... i still am, but i didnt really get to enjoy my food.. :( maybe next time RF will hook me up? blah... my next visit to AZ perhaps? atmosphere/service great.. thanks RF!~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~eUh0TxuuZZztg30Il-3M0w~The Buffet at The Wynn is without a doubt the very best buffet I have ever eaten at. At $40 per person for dinner, it's somewhat pricy, but worth every dollar.  I dislike buffets because they tend to have crappier than average food, very little variety, and not a lot of things you really want. Inevitably, you pick a few things you like, most of which don't taste as good as they look, and maybe go back for seconds or thirds because you feel like you must get your money's worth.  HOWEVER, The Buffet has everything you could ask for and the food tastes positively gourmet quality as though (and probably) prepared by a master chef.  Just a few dinner highlights to mention: crab legs, prime rib, sushi of all kinds, pumpkin ravioli, gnocchi in brown butter sauce, chicken curry, scallops, pizzas with every topping you can imagine, beef brisket, Chinese dumplings, etc.  For dessert: creme brle, hot brownies, strawberry shortcake, mousse, assorted tarts, cookies, cheesecake, tiramisu, a crepe and waffle station, and tons of ice cream. Don't worry, there's lots more! Some of the cakes are topped with glittery sugar too, and you'll be mesmerized.  The waiters are also insanely attentive but not obtrusive. You'll never have to worry about a refill on your soda, wine, or coffee. Empty plates are taken away promptly.  If you have but one buffet to choose from in Vegas, this is certainly the one you want.~sushi pumpkin gnocchi brown butter chicken curry beef brisket cookies waffle ice cream coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~R-mPxwHUXjc2AvscChquVg~I absolutely love Roaring Fork.  It's Happy Hour is phenomenal, and I've actually never not eaten in the bar for this reason.  Also, it keeps the visit a bit cheaper, but this is no compromise.  The drinks are reasonably priced, the food, truly fantastic too.  I like to come here with a moderate sized group so that we can try to sample as many of the entrees as possible.    Some of my favorite Happy Hour Menu items are as follows...The Mixed Market Greens salad, Big-Ass Burger, Kettle of Green Chili Pork, the Fish Tacos, and the Chicken and Pepper-Jack Flatbread pizza is beyond wonderful.  You are still able to order dinner menu items from the bar as well, which is nice.  Roaring Fork has a mountain lodge kind of feel and decor, it's relaxed, but usually quite busy.  The bar is first-come-first-serve, so be prepared to stake out for a table.  A great place to start off an evening in Scottsdale.~greens salad burger pork tacos chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~eJz-8GMJd89IqVz46eXhxg~Great food quality, efficient service, and huge variety rate five stars here. Clearly something for everyone: sushi, stir fry, pastas; seafood; fish; lamb, foul, beef, veg. Loved the salads, cheese assortment, and desserts including scoops of ice cream and homemade sorbets. Juices and coffee are included as well. What's not to like!~sushi lamb beef salads cheese desserts ice cream coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OLloG0ld8IK-GAszpis3NA~We were in Scottsdale and starving.... looked on Yelp for something yummy...   RF is located in an office park where Chapperal and Scottsdale cross.   We arrived around 6 PM on a Sunday evening.... they were having Happy hour until 10 PM in the Bar Area!  YEAH!  The only problem was finding our own seat among all of the other hawkers trying to get the next available table... the wait staff and hostesses do not seat people in the bar area it is fend for yourself!   We got a table after about a 15 min wait--- but I hated that 15 min because I felt like a stalker!  Anyway...the food was great!   My fiance and i shared the Big A** Burger and the Green Chili... I also had the huckleberry margarita... we also shared the Huckleberry Bread Pudding for dessert... everything was yum-o!  We also enjoyed conversations with some older couple who sat next to us and shared all of their fav happy hour places!   Our server was also great:)    We will try it again in the future for sure!~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Un-Aq2WfhacpgZF_H3I-ig~Came in here for lunch and was not at all disappointed. They tick all the "locally sourced, farm to table" boxes which makes this bay area food snob happy. ;)   Very nice space with a walls of windows overlooking the capitol. I had the Bibimbap with pork -- it was quite tasty; good balance of flavors and nicely spicy. Washed it down with a pint of Fat Squirrel and it all adds up to a worthwhile excursion!~pork ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Lj2cX5zyWvhcVe4vH4sYRA~Their cheese curds and view of the Capitol are reasons enough to go! I don't think I've ever had as flavorful cheese curds and I've ate many a curd. Their menu has something for every taste and budget and their staff was attentive and fun! I will definitely go back for more cheese curds and the view!~cheese cheese cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_tPMO0P_wmP9ZHLnuzFVDA~The service was very spotty. Maybe this was because we were seated in the waaay back. We ordered the flatbread appetizer and it was both the least appetizing looking and tasting thing I've ordered from a restaurant in a long while. DO NOT ORDER THIS!!  As for the entree, I got the big ass burger. Big? Yes. Have any  taste? No.   I even saw another Roaring Fork all the way in Austin, TX when I visited a few weeks later and I avoided it at all costs.~burger ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~O7FBWPr25iCGh6XAcrfppA~First time here.  I'll give credit where it's due, they have apparently been reading the reviews because the staff made an extra effort to be friendly and courteous.   I had 2 bbq beef sandwiches because they were out of the pulled pork.  While eating my sandwiches I had the thought there should be laws enacted to constitute what restaurants can call bbq.  Boiled meat covered in BBQ sauce is NOT BBQ.   I grew up in the South, I've been to Memphis in May a couple of times, so my standards for BBQ are admittedly higher than average, but this was not even close to real BBQ.  Was it decent food.  Sure.  Decent, at best.  Was it the reason I got an upset stomach a couple hours later, possibly.   I don't care about the old decor, dirty looking bathrooms or anything else, if the food was good I would go back.  It wasn't.~beef sandwiches pulled pork ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~_C-VEKRQLvfz7O2Ti40wnw~This place has really delicious BBQ. I would have given it a 5 if the chicken wasn't a little dry and the interior of the facility was a little neater and cleaner. I'm not saying it was dirty, it's just the trashy sign on the fountain drink saying not to put stuff in the drain. I also didn't like the "real" trash can being turned around so there's no access to the door and a large "kitchen" grey trash can sitting right beside it. All in all a good visit, but not a 5.~chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~BFTXQPb11OBUoqIIZ1GpKQ~Good drinks and a great atmosphere. I had the calamari appetizer and it was lightly breaded and not over cooked. The basil marinara went really well with it! The lobster roll is delicious too! Not overly dressed.~lobster roll ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~xIExQSHJQjZnHp4pzPWC4w~Really nice place in the Strip district in Pittsburgh. Had a very flavorful lunch there. My wife had the biggest fried cod sandwich either of ever seen, and she loved it ! I had a fried salmon sandwich which was very good as well. Good service, decent prices. Next time in Pittsburgh we will definitely stop there again !~sandwich salmon sandwich ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~1kAtZXfDkRHRTTcUpT046A~I really enjoy coming here  after walking  around  the  mall and having a beer and a bison  burger this place is really  done right good food and the beer is really  good, The ale is better  than pretty much all beer place's  around here.~burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~H4_cHnFMzOeDvrmBuH7T_w~I usually stop by here before I go to Suns/D-Backs games with my dad because I really enjoy eating BBQ, though I admit the food isn't outstanding.  I've tried both the pork and beef BBQ sandwhiches; they're both REALLY bland without the sauce. I eat a lot and I just like how they have large portions.  Some people might be turned off by the cleanliness of the restaurant, which can be best described as dingy.~pork beef ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~I_9fDIyRZrB9ZnrRIVacyA~Awesome food! Possibly the best restaurant fare I have ever eaten of any cuisine. Had the mixed market greens salad, rack of lamb, grits, mashed potatoes, green chili macaroni and cheese, and boysenberry bread pudding for dessert. The tastes of all were just intense and pleasing. Place has an upscale feel to it, but the food is down-to-earth and high-quality. Wished I lived in Phoenix for a go-back real soon.  Will have to wait until my next trip up. Will probably have to make sure I have reservations, though. Very popular place, it appears.~greens salad lamb grits macaroni and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~KSqOmcd-3GbwBuK7npw1rw~Brunch on Sunday after New Years was perfection!  First, the setting is magnificent with splendid table settings, modern design and superb views.  We were warmly welcomed and given a view table.  Excellent Spanish sparkling wine promptly served while awaiting friends.  Fresh squeezed OJ brought in beaker to make our own mimosas.  Bloody Mary's can be ordered at a hefty charge, but not needed when bubbly is included.  Buffet is modest compared to some, but here quality wins out with nicely displayed salads, fruits, cheeses, cold meats, fantastic smoked salmon, cold shrimp, crab and bagels, breads, etc.  Huge omelets are included and made to order.  Do not miss the buffet of small desserts--all outstanding in appearance and taste.  The pecan pie miniature was my favorite.  Superb service with silver and plates changed as required without asking.  Will not wait for New Years to return.~salads cheeses smoked salmon ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~RHkfNIMxJYZNCc7O5HLcbw~If anyone needs to know. I get excited over food! The Buffet at the Wynn is awesome compared to it's competitors on The Strip! I love the atmosphere and decor.  It looks very new and clean!  I came here without any expectations and came out pleasantly surprised at their buffet.  They have sooooo many options in terms of food (regular breakfast stuff, salmon, omelet station. It's not just American breakfast food!).  Can't believe they had pork buns, congee and cruellers for breakfast along with all the wonderful desserts (and fruits to balance your diet).  They are fresh unlike the Flamingos, where they're all dried up and overcooked.  The garden theme makes it calming to dine.  The price is very fair for the amount of variety and fresh food they have here.  It came out to ~ 30 including 20 tip Highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good buffet The Bellagio one isn t as good as this one but much better than the Flamingos The waiter was nice and attentive ~salmon, pork desserts ( 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~1X6lnQQJ5px8QT1Hg7V9RQ~I have to eat at Graze every time I come to Madison for work. The cheese curds are the best I've ever had, the cocktails are amazing, and the mac and cheese is creamy and delicious. The veggie version of the bibimbap is also great. Awesome view of the capital. There's usually a wait, so plan to have a cocktail at the bar.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a5rHRqRXS7eWf1A62xcGWw~Came here Saturday for lunch at about 11:30 to find Honey Bear's BBQ nearly empty, but a friendly counter help ready to take our order. We had a brisket sandwich and sliders with sides of 'Cowbro Beans' and potato salad. The brisket and pork was really good and tender, but the chicken was dry and nothing special about the bread. I loved the pork and beans which had a unique sweet sauce that I've never tasted anything like before.  The potato salad was chunky and was good as any homemade.~honey sandwich potato salad ~3 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~pd7DVfvJd1qzLdDHQjzDrw~Tyree was the first person to greet us and he was VERY good at his job! It was my first time at Jasons Deli and he explained in detail what everything was like. I had t he chicken pot pie soup. By far thee best I've ever had, however it could have had more chicken it. It came with a pastry puff on top that was made to perfection. It was a little piece of heaven. My bf had a duffernt sandwhich th e carolina special it was very good and i had thr santa fe chicken sandwhich. Great guacomole and i got it on foccia bread. To die for! THE BREAD was amazing and thr bacon the 1000 island. Highly recommended. The salad bar had hummus even! Good hummus too! It had so many things you usually want but don't get to see at a normal salad bar. It has complimentary muffins snd a variety of organic crackers, pumpkin cheese jalapeo wafers, etc. The environment was fun and calm and nice for a little day date. This location however, EVERY employee I spoke to was more than willing to help me and go out of their way to make sure I was haply. I'm easy yo please but they were so sweet. Love this place!!~chicken pie soup chicken chicken bacon salad salad pumpkin cheese date ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~lbCHeg6EeYh-O-tSr0plWQ~Big Burrito is a well respected restaurant group, but this location damages it's reputation tremendously. The food is less than acceptable, the draft beer is warm, flat, and the overflow makes for a sticky drinking hand because no bar nap is supplied. This place would provide great material for the writers at SNL.~burrito ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8IfLXyp8jYbrfl8g7QXpJQ~outstanding....excellent food, cocktails, service, prices, and location.  everything our party ordered was delicious: pickle plate, popcorn, fried cheese, bim bim bop, lamb sausage, chicken and waffles, bone marrow, and even the uber expensive graze burger was yummy. so well seasoned and juicy.  yum.  they even have a drink that tastes like an orange creamsicle...heave.~popcorn cheese lamb sausage chicken and waffles burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~xXIdkmJV1HqeqJr6cv0AJA~This is a beautiful place to have breakfast, lunch, or afteroon tea.  We sit under the skylight surrounded by floral bouquets.  The food is beautifully presented and the ambiance is conducive to private conversation.  The service was prompt and accommodating.  Unlike other buffet with a time limit, we didn't feel rushed.  We will be back.~tea ~4 
La Ligne Rouge~onion rings-fried chicken~b79vNCs3ipAjTuHi6bTnXg~The Mullets!!! The old decor, threw me off the 1st time i stepped  into the place. But the food was good enough for me to loose focus of my surroundings. They close late which is a bonus! Staff was very friendly! The poutine was amazing, it was so much food and it hit the spot instantly! As for the chicken souvlaki humm, a bit soggy and bland. Ill try a doner next time. This place is convenient if you live in the villeray/ jean talon area and its affordable! I wouldn't sit down and eat there but that the clean freak in me , but I suggest you take it to go! The poutines are definitely worth going for!~chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sFA9CuvgPNkGpUR-dZZJbw~Loved this place during a visit to see friends in Madison.  Very organic and farm to table concept.  I had the Bibimbap, which had a ton of vegetables, pork, and a really nice spicy sauce.  It was a great portion.  My wife had the Beet & Walnut Burger.  She just couldn't get over how awesome it was.  We were in Madison 4 days and only went to Graze once.  Next time, I will go every day!  It was that good.~pork beet burger ~5 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~1wynTAjURkRUDFBjJuLQGg~I was excited that a new place opened up so close to my condo- I can walk there! I had the grilled veggie salad with chicken. The chicken was delicious- moist and slow cooked. The amount of food was much more than I would have expected as the prices are low. My husband had the pizza and loved it!~salad chicken chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5T2hffN81UYdOx_Mbh0DtA~As upper crust, trendy food venues go, I'm not usually a fan.  But the Fork is a great place.  One of the few to pull this genera off and do it right!  I'll be adding them to my "Best Burger" list.  As you would also expect, in addition to great food, the place is very clean, service is fantastic, and they do an outstanding job with beverages.  The bartender knows her stuff here!~burger ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~By3zwCnjInaokV-4E8rrEQ~I love Jason's deli I just wish they had more around town it's hard to find a good salad bar.~salad ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~DN7RBFIUwkuCNc5Bc_pQ-A~Such a cool place! Stopped in for lunch and had a wonderful experience. Even got a free appetizer for checking in! Split an order of delicious calamari followed by a lobster roll. The roll was messy but worth it. Would definitely return and recommend to friends.~lobster roll ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~185gCvnmGVzk3h4zFSZMfA~Ok, I'm going to start off by saying that I'm not a big sweets fan in general, so maybe that's what came between me and liking Prairie Girl.  I've had quite a few of their cupcakes, and they've grossed me out every single time. These little cakes are seriously 50% cake, 50% icing. Their chocolate one is ok, and they make a peanut butter cupcake that's actually pretty delicious, but I would have to say their vanilla is downright nasty. The cupcake has an almost sponge-cake-like consistency, and the mountain of saccharine icing does not help the situation. I always feel dumb paying $4-ish dollars for a cupcake, only to throw away half of it when I invariably end up scraping off the icing.   I don't understand why there's always a line when I pass this place.~cupcakes cake peanut butter ~2 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~FaEATfi-TUYVo_xe4d-fjQ~It's great!! Have the mini cupcakes , they're the perfect size and the icing to cake ratio is still reasonable. It's when the cupcake is bigger that it gets a bit out of hand.   The staff is fabulous, and is always so nice and enthusiastic! They are of great help when it comes to choosing the different flavors, and is fast and efficient.  Good place to go if you have a sweet tooth!~cupcakes cake ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~lNKvkVQ5nAZDJNRPnqlP0w~Great food, great wine, great service, and the celebrity chef is entertaining as hell.   If you have ever been to a restaurant where the food is made with care- and each dish balanced to the palate so that you can have the full experience of taste in your mouth -then you know what this restaurant will serve you. The food is thoughtful, modern, well balanced.   We were at a wine dinner for Red Stitch - an exclusive winery that crafts wines for those who have great taste- and that Chef Beau was able to get them to Elements is a credit to his sway as a chef. Their wines- if you can get them (and they have them at Elements) are amazing.  Scallops- perfectly seared and cooked, combined with a freisse salad with a bit of mustard provides a perfect balance of the richness.   Dishes I would never eat other places, I would eat here - scallops, fillet - simply because those are foods many restaurants do ok, but here the bar is much higher.   The view- my wife and I love it.   If you want to impress a business associate, client, wife, girlfriend, boyfriend- if you want an amazing  meal - with a view, and a world-class chef -- this is the place.~salad ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~jT6_7s2U7XvYNdTAYIytSg~My wife and I were exploring this area last month and Elements was recommended as one of the better Sunday Brunches in the area. To begin with, the view overlooking Paradise Valley is gorgeous and makes for a delightful ambiance. The service was very good as well. The menu selection was solid with several interesting choices but when they actually came out... they were very good. But not outstanding. The preparation was fine and the presentation was excellent. The flavors were just ordinary. In an age where we have access to and it's considered acceptable to use an amazing variety of spices and herbs, the dishes we had were more or less what you could have gotten a hundred years ago (well, plus some avocado). They were very well done by these standards, but there just wasn't much creativity going on. I'd call them vanilla, but I don't think they used any of that either. It's still a very good place and there is a lot to recommend about it, but it's still a few flavors short of five stars - at least for Sunday Brunch (we didn't have a chance to try dinner).~avocado ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~mWEz9UgjGK58NDiZHkdzyA~This is absolutely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! I have been to their lunch buffet twice and I loved it!  The restaurant is grand and very beautiful. The food are displayed delicately and even for lunch there is a wide range of vareity! All of the food was very delicious!  Usually in buffets, by the time I get to dessert, I am already super full. By for Wynn, I always save some room in my stomach for their dessert! I like their idea of putting dessert into small slices, into small cups, or into small plastic shot glasses. You get to try out so many different types of dessert because of the size! They even have freshly scooped ice cream for you!  My absolute favorite is the dessert with the mini plastic coffee cups in colors of green and orange. For some reason I forgot what the name of the dessert was at the moment, but every time I went there I always get two cups of that dessert!~ice cream coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~1_Kvv2AzweX9qsZ_C9Wjhg~A friend and I stopped for brunch here on 10/4.  I should have done my research to learn that they only do a limited brunch menu all day as opposed to their full menu on Saturday.  I was really looking forward to trying some of the items off the regular menu so I'll save that for another day.  I had a bloody mary that was good.  Very different flavor than what I'm used to, and I really enjoyed it.    I had the Burger.  It was ok.  Not bad, not the best I've ever had.  I would eat it again, but when I go back I plan to try some items from the full menu instead.  Service was fine.  They were busy, but we were seated right away.  Server was nice and stayed on top of things.  All in all, I would go back, nothing turned me off.  And the setting with the windows looking out towards the capital is fantastic.  I look forward to going again sometime!~burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PiZB9FHzywtvXwJDFD8TpA~Go for the happy hour, enjoy the drink specials ($5 martinis among others. Yay!) and order the Big Ass Burger, but before you do remember these points:  It's open seating during happy hour (which runs 4-7). There were people sitting and standing around showing various states of impatience when we arrived. We walked around through the bar and front patio (the only areas open for happy hour) searching for an open table. Finally, a very nice manager caught up with me and offered a booth in the dining area with the caveat that we'd need to finish up or move to the bar by about 6:45, before a dinner reservation came in. We jumped at the offer, likely pissing off some others who had been waiting as well, and probably longer . No complaints in the way it was handled, but be aware that it's popular happy hour with open seating and when you arrive for a table you are basically on your own.  Second, it's an older crowd.  They look more like Scottsdale golf course residents than workers from the surrounding buildings. No problem there, either. Just a reminder that the line between "happy hour" and "early bird special" continues to fade.  Third, it was busy so service was a bit slow, though not unpleasant at all.   I guess the message for y'all: This place gets busy during happy hour. :-)~burger ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~umGkOtxmkA2g3K1fw-B7dA~I ate here for the second time, it's good.  It's in a warehouse and has an urban psychedelic interior,  bar, outdoor seating and balcony.  The have a large varied menu with fresh seafood. If seafood is your thing try this place.  I tried the Captain Crunch Sushi Roll, good and spicy..  Then I tried the Steel City Lobster Roll. I got three words... DE- LI- CIOUS  It's a lobster roll with chunks of lobster, garlic buttered roll, ladled with lobster bisque and herbs! Comes with fries!~sushi lobster roll lobster roll garlic fries ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~KIlOFk9JJ1HMPsRVeA_3hQ~I came here for lunch because the last time I was here I was very happy.   I ordered a Cesar salad with extra chicken and no bread or croutons.  I really couldn't tell if there was extra chicken or if it was the normal portion. Also the salad was loaded with croutons. I really hate picking stuff out of my food but this is what I had to do today.    Unfortunately I can't give a better rating because I didn't get what I ordered and I wasn't really happy how the salad tasted as well. Such a shame since my last time here I was so happy.~salad chicken chicken salad salad ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~p80oeWJBMGNIIJXCxSfBdQ~We were told about this resturant by many of our friends.  We decided while running some errands downtown to stop in and give it a try.  The place was closed last time for some remodeling.  The place was bright, vibrant, and very clean.  It was definitely a modern style, fancy style place.  A little uppity I think for just normal folks wanting to stop in here.  Awesome views of the Capital and views of the hustle and bustle of downtown life.  That is the reason for the 3 stars. The menu was very small.  I almost thought when we sat down that we were given a lunch menu. Or specials of the day menu.  However, it was thier full dinner menu.  Not many things to choose from.  I understand what they do they do fresh and homemade.  But damn there was nothing to choose from.  They had a bigger beer selection than food.  We had the pretzel which was light and soft served with several mustards.  It was ok.  We had the vodka cheese curds which were uniquely pleasant.  We enjoyed those being they had a different twist  with.the vodka flavored batter to them paired with a homemade Ranch dipping sauce.  Last we shared the Mac-N-cheese.  Not our favorite, but again homemade with a twist of the cheese they used.  We thought it was dry and the noodles were a little undercooked.  Small portion!   We saw lots of good reviews of this place.  We decided that it was worth the stop, but not a place that we would have to go back too.  Service was very friendly and at tentative.  No complaints on that end of it.  We came we saw.  Alot of competition around thier location that also serves fresh food, cheaper prices, good cold beers, but much more menu items to choose from.~cheese cheese cheese ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~eehtwd-uF_glHq6AERUIdw~They served my girlfriend mussels that hadn't been cleaned. They were sandy and still had their beards attached. There were also plenty off closed and cracked shells. It tasted looked a lot like he first time I bought mussels at a supermarket and cooked them for myself; NOT as you would expect at a seafood restaurant.   I got tuna, which was better but still not great. I also ordered a Bloody Mary, which took 15+ minutes to arrive. The drink was good but had far too many garnishes.   I won't be returning. I don't understand where this place's good reviews come from....~tuna ~2 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~IhRG5-xKBtemyKae2YsAYQ~This is one of my new favorite places. A cool renovated 1940's house. Plenty of parking. Did you catch that? There's plenty of parking. Well, I suppose the lot could fill up, but I've been there 3 times, each on a separate Saturday night and found a spot in the lot each time. Yipee.  K used to work at St. Joes Hospital, just up Central. So some of her old coworkers come here to hang. We were invited the first time and loved it so much we came back twice on our own. 3 separate times, 3 separate experiences, all amazing.  On one occasion our server was Ronnie. We couldn't have asked for anyone nicer. Attentive when needed but not in our face all the time. Paced the evening just right. On this particular night, K and I just had drinks. A couple of glasses of wine each while we visited with our friends.   We'll be back. The friendly staff, awesome atmosphere, and amazing patio would be enough but add the good food and drinks and its winner winner chicken dinner for sure. Great Vibe, Great staff, Great Food, Fair prices. Parking. 5 Stars.~chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~BDMIWURdtzdQo9P8F8XxEg~We are generally big fans of all Tori, Traci  & crew's ventures. We stopped by for dinner on Saturday night of opening weekend and enjoyed our meal at the bar.   We tried several drinks and really liked what we had including the Rhum Fire and Seasonal Punch.  For dinner we had shared the beet salad, mac & cheese with pulled pork and the croque madame sandwich and all were very good - but I think the croque madame stole the show... And we split a piece of the banana cream pie for dessert .  Another person at the bar shared a sample his fried cheese curds with us and they were exactly what you'd expect fried (local) cheese curds from the L'Etoile crew to be - heavenly.  The space is lovely, light and modern without being pretentious. It's amazing they pulled it all together (seemingly) so fast!  The only issues we noticed were (1) the menu layout was a bit hard to follow; (2) there seemed to be a sunshade (or two) missing from the side windows (but it appeared they were well-aware of this problem); and (3) no purse hooks under the bar (while not a necessity, certainly an added bonus).   We plan to be back, hopefully often!~beet salad cheese pulled pork ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~0jHcsgeqoC0U6Z9wWI3qFA~Eclectic menu, great view, friendly service, and accommodating; what a great find!   The fried cheese curds are amazing as everybody says they are. The burgers tasted great! I had the pork buns which had amazing flavor and texture!  Our server was pleasant and the entire staff was welcoming. Everyone seemed to be helping one another! We felt special and taken care of, which allowed us to focus on our conversations and enjoy ourselves!  A must stop!~cheese burgers pork ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~vdHnEtOVT6uqF3xEAgMZAQ~Let me tell you friends, I've been on a MASSIVE seafood kick lately!  It's not just sushi though, it's everything and I want it well prepared and cooked to perfection.  So you walk into a place with the name "Wholey" and you expect it to "wow" you.  And you know what?  It did!  I was surprised to see the less than stellar reviews at first, but I had faith it was just the new restaurant jitters.  We came in on a random Tuesday night around 8pm and was surprised to see about 6 other tables full with diners.  Surprising to see in the Strip, but exciting, if you ask me!    It's an absolutely gorgeous space.  Nothing you would expect from the Strip at this point and time.  It actually used to be a club, so there's many different levels.  I love the sea of blues and mosaic tiles.  The tables are large, so it's great for big parties.    We started out with the Sashimi appetizer and it was so cold and fresh.  I loved the tiny mandarin oranges and crisp lettuce surrounding it.  We devoured it within 3 seconds of it hitting the table.  Good start!  The tomato salad will probably only be on the menu for a short time, considering the season for them ends soon, but it's worth having when you can.  You can easily throw together some tomatoes and splash on some balsamic.  This had a very well done pesto sauce and pine nuts.  I would have never thought of the combo together, but I loved it!    I ordered the Scallops and Shrimp, which came with a hearty helping of jasmine rice and grilled bok choy.  Both the Scallops and Shrimp were seared to perfection and the scallops, which I find hard to season well, had a great flavor and were large in size.  I loved the creamy garlic sauce drizzled on top.  It was as if every element of the dish came together in harmony!     While seafood can be expensive, and this was no exception for a $24 meal, I had no qualms about paying my bill for the amount of flavor that was packed into each dish.  Fresh is the word here and you won't have to reel me in... I'm coming on my own!~sushi oranges lettuce tomato salad shrimp jasmine shrimp garlic ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VB6PCYiMoMW5N6SexRe2RQ~My uncle (who is old school Arizona) recommended last year. Loved their selection and preparation of a diverse menu. The big ass Burger is still perfectly prepared,  as well as it was a year ago. We tried other the grilled shrimp and grits, grilled half chicken, green chili bowl, and well, all of their happy hour selections. Their HH drink menu hits the spot with well prepared cocktails (perfect martinis and margaritas ) with a balancedbalanced wine and beer list. Thank you Roaring Fork, for not letting us down. Great service,  food and drink, thank you Uncle Bob for this gift!!~burger shrimp grits chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~BKjlwdS7qrwvlylEeXV5MQ~ambiance is great.  Beer and drinks are fabulous.  But the food was just OK for us.  I had the Bibmibap and it just didn't make an impression.  My husband had the regular burger, and he thought it was good.  Of course we will return, but in hopes that our meal will leave a better impression.~burger ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~W2DYEB0lYq4UTcG5nYdW8w~Another place where 0 stars would be appropriate. Came in at about 12:30 with a medium  size group (8 people maybe?). We placed the other, it took them more than 25 min to bring it out (and that would be fine). A few of us got the eggplant sandwich, which turns out is pre-made (seriously? the food carts out there manage to make sandwiches on the spot!). The bread was so soggy I had to leave it (which for anyone who knows me, this is very rare). The fries were cold and greasy. I would have gotten better food at a gas station (and I would have not paid 12 bucks for it). Horrible, horrible. And the tip was included in the bill, so I could not even express my dissatisfaction.~sandwich sandwiches fries ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F-rsDADl_U4ylrtKUiTi3A~This buffet was just ok for me.  It was kind of disappointing, maybe because it was hyped up so much or perhaps because it was a Tuesday night dinner.  The line was 10-12 minutes long.  The presentation was great.  Service was just ok; we had to ask the waitress for refills on the drinks.    I liked the jumbo shrimp cocktail, dim sum, and cheese bar with grapes and dried apples.  The snow crab legs and skirt steak were on the salty side for me.  I was super disappointed with the sushi bar - only 3 kinds but no fresh fish that I remember.  I had the california roll and shrimp tempura roll which were tiny and flavorless.  Also wasn't impressed with the choice of soups, none of which sounded appealing so I didn't even try any.  No lobster tails.  There was a selection of 5 salads cutely presented in individual cups and the two I tried (thai beef salad and pear and gorgonzola) were nothing special.  Didn't touch the salad bar.  I didn't try the prime rib because my husband said it was "ok" and didn't seem too excited.    I felt like the dessert was about a third of my meal.  I really recommend the ice cream - the coffee ice cream was super strong and not very sweet, which was different.  I also had a coffee which tasted like a dark roast.  The made-to-order dessert crepe station was cool and the crepe was yummy, but there was only one guy making the crepe so there was quite a wait.  The strawberry shortcake and tiramisu were good but I've had better.  In fact, there were not too many food items that screamed out at me and that I feel I HAD to taste, which is a huge factor in my tepid rating of this place.  It was good but I wasn't blown away.~shrimp cheese grapes steak sushi california roll shrimp tempura salads thai beef salad pear salad ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~fzdh9USw7klcXDSlH9q5Ww~Umm can you say Gotcha Bitch. So, I checked yelp for a good buffet to eat at and found the Wynn - I should have read the reviews first or called ahead 'cause when I showed up, I was expecting to pay 20 or so for breakfast, but ended up paying $32 + tip. Apparently on the weekends the iike to rape you for more money and the price is the same all day (may cost more for dinner). I loved the food, don't get me wrong, but damn can I save a little money for drinking, gambling, or hookers? There were tons of vegetarians choices, fresh squeezed orange juice, and real premium coffee. Easily the best food that I had on the strip during my week here.~coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_yayUccXT0JcijxWYPptUw~I had been looking forward to going to Graze sometime for lunch, as their lunch menu peaked my interest personally a bit more than their dinner menu.  To start out with, you can't beat the view.  Graze has a great set-up inside and a wonderful view of the Capitol.   I was in the mood for a burger that day and ordered their pub burger.  Overall, I didn't think that the burger or the fries were memorable.  I did order grilled onions on the burger and that added some additional flavor.  However, I would suggest ordering something more unique on their menu - my assumption is that something out of the ordinary is where Graze will shine.~burger burger burger fries burger ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~hv16fAhq1zLd8cVjhLcyaw~My colleagues and I descended en masse on the restaurant after a long day at a conference on Saturday. Overall, the service was pleasant and the food was yummy!  It took a long time for the wait staff to get our drink orders, and then an even longer time to get our food orders, but once we settled in they took good care of us. I can't really blame them too much for the delay as there were 20 of us, and since they don't take reservations and we arrived in the middle of a bustling happy hour, it took us awhile to find enough seating spread across multiple tables. Still, it would've been nice if they'd taken our drink orders right away so that we could have something to nurse while we waited for our food.  In any case, our server was very attentive, friendly, and couldn't have been more helpful.   We ordered a wide selection of appetizers and entrees, although quite a few of us stuck to salads since we had had plenty to eat at the conference. I had the charcuterie, opting for the Manchego, Fontina and the Prosciutto Rustico, which also came with a small bowl of smoked almonds. It was a lovely, delicate dish, perfectly proportioned for those seeking a light but filling meal. My colleague who ordered the Ashland Salad raved about it as well.   We finished up by splitting Claire's Chocolate Torte, a luscious dessert fit for two hungry diners or even 3-4 light eaters. Not too sweet, not too rich, so a fitting end to a delicious meal.~appetizers salads salad ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~8m2FUHBJ04R7KJnJbkHJMg~Wow!  I had their special as a combo with a tornado fries and a coffee and oh God every one of them was better than the other! Pizza is really flavourful and filling. Really great customer service. It took them about 5 to 10 min to make it and cost me a little less than $11 for all that food! Definitely something I would recommend.~fries coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~-rBfdBrqOjOdRkTxdIGrpQ~I want to give this place more stars. I really do. However, I always leave feeling just "okay" for the hype, location and concept.   Love, love love the cheese curds. Try those - they are excellent. Cocktails are good. Menu is good, but somewhat small.   The Graze Burger is $21 and was SO disappointing. Not a bad burger, but for that price I want to be wowed! It was okay.   Graze for me is one of those places where I am glad I have been there, but they are never high on the list when deciding where to go out for a dinner. Nothing is too memorable other than the amazing views of the Capitol. I do enjoy their concept of using local ingredients.~cheese burger burger ~3 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~XidcVMcmVFyUaMy8SNVN-A~Great vibe! I was there on a Tuesday--- the first time I have been since the bar has changed owners. First of all, it was packed on both sides-- a good sign that this spot will make it.   Posh crowd in the typical downtown Phoenix fashion. Food took a little while to come out but the meals were great! I had grilled chicken and veggies on skewers-- amazing flavor! I will definitely be back.   ++Great beer selection as well.~chicken ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~WA82dKkI3pWZtglF3tR6WQ~Salad bar was decent, so I could have given 3 stars. But the vegetable soup was awful. It should run & hide from anyone who has ever tried Cafe Zupa's veggie soup. My friends decided this is no longer a deli since they don't offer brisket & the corned beef is just cold & not steamed, ready to slice like the good delis they used to enjoy. So they each ordered a $7 potato. Those potatoes might be big, but seriously $7??? This isn't one of the gourmet rooms. For that amount they could have gotten soup &  1/2 sammie at Zupa's. Found out there's even bigger salad bars at a steakhouse nearby for less $, so no need to ever go back here.~salad soup soup corned beef ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~GJb_xaZu0iX1J4rhQU0MwA~Stopped in here on a whim with my little girl. You never know if small places like this will have items for kids, and they did have one kid meal, which was 2 chicken strips and fries. I was starving, and not sure what to get so I went with a value meal - sandwich, two ribs and a side. It was pretty good, but I've had way better. The pulled pork sandwich was overcooked and dry, so it's a good thing they have yummy BBQ sauce to poor over it. For my side dish, I had sweet potato tater tots. They were OK, but looked like they came out of a frozen bag of Ore-Ida.   The staff was really friendly, and it seemed like they had a lot of regulars in there.   I thought it was really over-priced. Our bill was $21.75. And the food just wasn't good enough for me to want to go back.~chicken fries sandwich ribs pulled pork ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~IglkIbwVBBtcThigizX6Ew~It is quite expensive and I don't think I ever eat my money's worth, but I still think it's one of the best buffets Vegas has to offer!  Let me let you guys in on a secret for buffets in Vegas if you don't want to pay ~ 45 person for dinner Go around 3pm to get there before lunch closes and dinner begins and you ll get in for the lunch price but get to eat dinner Pretty awesome Their king crab legs cocktail shrimp and prime rib RACK OF LAMB get med rare it s SO good other freshly sliced cooked duh red meat is all I eat there and plenty of dessert of course so that is all I can really vouch for but those are definitely enough for me to want to come back again and again Gosh I love buffets Oh and if you come here for breakfast buffet their slab of bacon is enough incentive to make you wake up in time for breakfast in Vegas This is my favorite buffet in Vegas And trust me I ve eaten at almost all of them I know gross ~shrimp, lamb ( bacon 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~1a-x3FKG14zJ2pAMkqCUkw~I made a reservation to go here for my sister's 21st birthday, and overall, it was a great experience!  The food was absolutely delicious, and our waitress provided excellent service.  We were sat in the patio/dining area, and it was a great atmosphere.  My sister got to order her first drink, and she thought they were good-- her favorite was the Category 6 Lemonade!  We also ordered a white russian, huckleberry martini Martini, and a Chocolate Martini.   For food, we got the Scallops, Spinach Chicken Waldorf Salad, Lamb Chops & Fondue, and the Green Chili Mac and cheese.  The rest of the table ordered the "Big Ass Burger", which was excellent, and huge!!!  Since it was her birthday, the restaurant allowed me to bring a birthday cake, and they served it after dinner, and lit the candles for us!  Overall, it was an awesome dinner! I would highly recommend going here, and I am sure we will go back for more burgers!!!~white spinach chicken salad lamb mac and cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~PFvTJHMgQOa3rbDhWa9dDQ~The location is tucked away in the first Canadian place food court across from Davids Tea. I came at 5, about an hour before they close, looking forward to trying one of their weekly feature flavors. I usually avoid making stops during the evening rush hour because I'm headed for the train but with a few extra minutes and fingers crossed for a short line, off I went.  There was only one other person in front of me and even at that I was served right away. I asked if they still had either of their feature flavors and was told unfortunately not. Note to self, go on lunch break if the feature flavor looks amazing, as it did (Pina Colada and Black Forest). The girls behind the counter were very nice and rather efficient. The entire stop took no longer than 5 minutes if only because I was paying with debit and had to wait for the machine to do its thing!  I got two cupcakes, one double chocolate and one vanilla with vanilla icing and coconut shavings on top. They put them into a very cute little box with a plastic window on the side so you could see in, popped them into a bag (tied it nicely so that it would stay put) and off I went!  When we sat down to mow down on our cupcakes later, we realized just how BIG they actually were! I had a hard time finishing mine but they were really good! I got to try both, the chocolate chocolate is definitely for the chocoholic - it was probably too much chocolate for someone like me but my boyfriend scarfed most of it down. Rich chocolate icing and super moist cupcake. Mine was much the same except without the richness of chocolate overload. Fluffy icing, super moist cupcakes and nice toasted coconut on top.   My boyfriend did comment that he felt there was too much icing and as with many cupcake chains, this is usually the case. The vanilla one wasn't too bad but I could have done with a bit less icing. I still ate it though... every bite!!  For the reasonable price of about 6.50 for two gourmet cupcakes that were very delicious, I would definitely come back to Prarie Girl, but probably to try some of their more unique flavors. They only carry a handful of regular flavors and not much stood out to me as unique there. If you're not a baker and want to bring something to a party, this would be a fantastic idea. They look nice, people appreciate receiving them and they taste great too. I'll be back next time I have a sugar craving!~tea cupcakes coconut cupcakes cupcakes coconut cupcakes ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FRwkk3tf1lm2pxQwa5r0BQ~My buffet philosophy--I like to eat "light" in terms of food choice, not quantity.  I avoid heavy carbs and stick to light meats, fresh fruit, great salads, and the occasional light dessert.  Had the brunch without the champagne/bloody mary option.   Very pricey (I think about $75 for two people), but when I went in, I realized why: prime rib!  Not a huge fan, but never seen prime rib at breakfast time in Sin City.  The good foodf:  *Gespacho--fresh and tart--kinda like the bloody mary I would have had if I could consume alcohol (I'm 6 months preggars).  Added cherry tomatoes, chopped cucumbers and chives. Yum! *Chinese porridge--I stuck with the "healthier" ingredients, which included green onions, deep fried chives, cilantro, and thousand-year-old eggs (didn't add on the dried pork, cut up cruellers).   *carving station bacon--cut off the fat and added the pieces to my Chinese porridge.  Tasted like high-end ham, but not syrupy sweet. *fruit--loved the papaya and pineapple--juicy sweet! *shrimp cocktail--succulent--similar fare to other gourmet buffets. *ice cream--preferred the lemon yogurt (light and fresh), but the coconut and coffee (more like espresso) ice creams are good choices for the richer taste bud *friends I went with who are BIG fans of cupcakes thought their mini-chocolate cupcakes with chocolate mousse frosting was the best they've ever had. *didn't have this, but their candied apples added a whimiscal touch to their gorgeous array of desserts.  Comparisons to other fabulous vegas buffets (Bellagio, Paris)? *Comparable in terms of quality. *Not as many salad choices as Bellagio, but I only went for brunch, so not sure how dinner would compare. *beautiful decor--much more light and bright compared to Bellagio and even more cheerful than the faux outdoors at Paris.    Overall--I'd say visit the Wynn if you are a fan of gourmet AYCE buffets.  It has definitely landed squarely on my must-eat list when visiting Vegas.~salads cherry cilantro pork bacon papaya pineapple shrimp ice cream lemon coconut coffee cupcakes cupcakes desserts salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UAGeWvDdYVL1IBfmals6vQ~I have been to Graze five or six times and it's never been great.  The fancy burger is always a mistake, it tastes good for the first few bites but by halfway through it's just gross.  That's my experience of much of the food, in order to make it 'comfort' they kicked up the grease to the point that it's distasteful.  Now when I go with friends I don't know what to order because everything I have tried before was a dud.  Not a terrible place, but there are better in the same area and price range.~burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~lZe-oi__pVtZwtZxvbXcYQ~Great restaurant, excellent atmosphere. Heavy on the pork. Just a touch pricey.~pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~W_GShXaSSwuoHmps3dwCcg~I've always passed this restaurant when I'm being driven down scottsdale and I finally decided to stop there since its so close to Optima condos. I have to say, it was pretty good. Atmosphere was great and food was too. I suggest going there for happy hour and getting their macaroni and cheese. Or tortilla soup. Both are very delicious.  Nice work for a location trapped by offices~macaroni and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~b-aqPZsfQmkE2QCjlfZPRg~This is one of our favorite places to take out of towners. The ambiance, food quality and scrumptious drinks are all 5 stars. The Big A** Burger is the best in town and only $10 on HH. $5 well drinks, including standard vodka or gin martinis and more. Everything I've had on the menu has been excellent. You cannot go wrong here!~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~u08H41kqnmy9e-_81ERwEA~GRAZE was such a treat, from start to finish. Every aspect of this place was a win! It felt upscale but simplistic at the same time. We ordered off the happy hour menu- coffee, cheese board, pork bun, salad, and cheese curds--- a must! If you don't try the curds you are doing it wrong. Visiting from Seattle and just driving through Madison for the day, I'm happy we went here. Check it out~coffee cheese pork salad cheese ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~gsysgOZ_bkTx1MrEFrX7Uw~I had the salmon salad with the lemon ginger dressing and the fish bites. Both were delicious!  Cocktails were not great, Definitely don't need to have the Old Fashioned and the Moscow Mule was just okay.   I would stick with beer.  Great atmosphere and service.~salmon salad lemon ginger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~aLU-PpD6jiQA0C5GNcAqpg~We came here to "kinda" celebrate my birthday, we were starving by the time we showed up, we were seated right away, even on a Friday so that was cool, our waiter was very nice.  The bread and butter was yummy! The agave margarita was very smooth and good, just one hit me hard. I ordered the braised short ribs, and the hubby had the big ass burger.  I really liked my meal, the short ribs were great, a little too fatty, but thats just the cut of meat I think.  I will order the regular mashed potatoe next time because the horseraddish was too much.  The hubby's burger was good, something on it put it right on the line of being over salted, but it was still enjoyable.  The creme brulee was very very good, one of the best we have had.~butter ribs burger ribs burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~e5v6Eh5meswh7gLm9c-Nrw~Been here quite a few times with various friends and family. Their menu changes seasonally but in summer time they have Dr. Pepper ribs that my wife loves and a filet mignon that is very tasty. During winter they seem to be more about the fish and chicken entrees.  Their Big Burger isn't to bad either.   Not a big drinker, but when coming here I always get the Arnold Palmer with firefly vodka which seems to be the only place that has this drink, and is probably the best drink I have ever had, besides the pear champagne I had at my wedding.  Appetizer wise I have had and love the guac and chips as well as the tortilla soup.   The last time we went I took my parents out for their birthdays here and my dad being the person that is hard to please was even impressed with pork and my mother loved the carnitas.   The service is excellent and should be a role model of how restaurant service should be, with constant watch over my drinks, NOT bugging me on how the food was immediately after I just received it.   Great place for special occasions or just for a delicious meal.   Overall: I would recommend this place and is quite affordable for a nice night out.   Note: Would recommend making reservations to ensure that seating is available as on weekends they do get busy.~ribs chicken burger pear chips soup pork carnitas ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~nNDNrwQsTQds9XICsT_R6A~While we were in Madison, we kept walking by this restaurant and decided to check it out.  So glad we did!  We had an amazing meal!  We started with the cheese curds, that were hands down the best we have ever had!  Also had the bread basket and a couple of cocktails. For dinner I had the pappardelle pasta and hubby had the Graze burger. One of the meals we have ever had!~cheese pasta burger ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~e6sN8pLFx0T0ZsHNAJfFIQ~SPICY Food! Tried the Kashmiri Chicken Combo. Came with Salad (without dressing), and (soft) Naan, plus a Coke. I don't know why there was no dressing on the salad (maybe the greens where meant to be put on the bread with the chicken?!) The soft Naan was really good, and the chicken pretty hot.  Fast and friendly service, the price was great (13$), and they are open all night! The interior is "Take-Out"-friendly but nothing more. The counter looks great with all the different dishes. At least 30 of them (ready cooked), so I understand why they have to microwave them - always the same problem if a diner offers too many things...~chicken salad coke salad greens chicken chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tL34dItRmfpXhID1wSGQNA~The menu is very pretentious. It seems like every entree is over the top extravagant. I ended up getting the Mac and cheese which was good, but really only for it because I didn't want anything else on the menu. My boyfriend got pork and didn't love it. From a guy who will eat and try just about anything he had a few bites and couldn't finish it.  The cheese plate was the best part of our meal and popcorn was good but nothing to rave about. I'd try it again for brunch but that's the only reason I'd go back.~mac and cheese ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~SiOx1KsZheYg8CweD9HFBg~It was okayish. The person taking our order was pretty sweet, but the food was flavorless and mushy. The beef brisket was probably the best part of the meal but it wasn't anything to write home about. Restaurant itself was a little warm, despite the cool day. It was overall a really "meh" experience, and at $30+ for two people it's not worth it.~beef brisket ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mzOqVAiprhtIguGM7IUg_w~Great service, sat at bar and had beer went to order beet and walnut burger and was told that's only available for lunch very disappointed!! Had the veggie burger was ok, the English muffin made it very dry, better if was on another kind of bread.~beet burger burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SO-mAvTg_rRsOksRsMxStw~Great service! Highly recommend trying the green chili pork! Big a** burger was also delicious. Came to the table a little under but was quickly fixed. Would rather it come under than over. Only negative comment would be the distracted hostess when I first entered. Was talking with a couple servers about something one their phone. Otherwise a wonderful experiance will definitely be returning.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~12BaW9KkqhIYA-SYHEx6Ew~Went here when I was in Scottsdale last month on a business trip after hearing about it from co-workers.  Needless to say, the Roaring Fork didn't disappoint.  First of all the service was awesome.  Our waitress not only helped me decide on what to order, but her suggestions were spot-on.  My boss and I split the Ahi Tuna Quesadilla and the Green Chile Mac & Cheese.  Mind you, I'm not a huge mac & cheese fan, but this was really good.  If I ate this more often, I could learn to be a fan.  Enjoyed the Boneless Buttermilk Chicken with smashed potatoes and Peppercorn Gravy.  It was delicious.  I wanted the Big Ass Burger, but the Chicken was incredible and I'm happy I ordered it.  My boss ordered the fish taco's which he said were just perfect.~tuna cheese cheese chicken burger chicken taco ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~zHuNhR2cDljdSzGW52tEGQ~First time visitors this last weekend.  I've heard good things and we finally decided to give it a try.   It was busy and there was a 30-45 minute wait for a table.  Since going out to dinner for me means relaxing, not rushing and going with the flow the wait wasn't an issue and there were two open seats at the bar, perfect.  It took a minute or two for a bartender to come over, which gave me time to eye over the specialty drinks.  As a huge fan of gin, ginger and lemon - the sweet lou seemed right up my alley.  Unfortunately they were out of the ginger honey, disappointment.  I tried it with regular honey and not so impressed.  I'd like to try it again when they have all the ingredients in stock.   Once seated at our table, the service was FAST.  We ordered the fried pickles, they came to our table faster than I was expecting.  We loved them!  I ordered the pub burger with a beet and walnut patty.  I've always been a little mixed on beets to begin with but as a vegetarian, I like to try new things.  Not my best choice, still not a fan of beets.  The beet flavor was too overwhelming for me, I took about half the burger off the bun and that seemed to really make a difference for me.    We will return, I won't order the beet burger - but I look forward to trying some other dishes.~ginger lemon ginger honey honey fried pickles ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UABmCjLYWFEtztPYhZfpUg~Was visiting from Chicago and thought we check out something up to our standards with our preference to try something local.   Love the concept of farm to table and the map that greeted us with the pinpoints of all the farms they source from.  We ordered a variety of dishes since we had 5 people in tow. Here are my strong points:  - House lemonade was delish! That day was a rhubarb strawberry lemonade. - Daily cheese and meat is not be to be missed. Love the variety and presentation. - My daughter's Grilled Cheese was the best dish at our table! - Berry shortcake with ice cream = winner!  Weak points: - Salads were blah, though the dressings were unique. - Wasn't thrill with the appetizers. We ordered fried pickles, popcorn and deviled eggs. Wish I ordered the bread basket. - Menu concept. I don't know if they are trying to be innovative and it's obvious or they are trying to showcase a variety of offerings. Wish it was more home grown and basic - it's anywhere from farm dishes to diner to korean.~rhubarb cheese cheese ice cream salads appetizers fried pickles ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~D55llmlBEJtBGM2mbgj7RQ~We had unreasonably slow service that even though I did enjoy my meal, I felt the restaurant deserved a sub-par review. I went with the large group and we surprisingly didn't have to wait for a table on a weekend afternoon. Really like how they have huge circle tables for large groups. However, it took us three hours to finish the meal. Every part of the meal was slow - taking our orders, checks, etc. Our waitress forgot to put in our order, but was nice about it and gave us a free round of drinks.   Anyways, I ordered a Blood Mary to start, its highlight is that it's served with two plump shrimp! For my main, I ordered the crab cake sandwich and loved it. Perfect ratio of ingredients, with more crab flavor than breadcrumbs/filling. I'm a HUGE seafood fan, so the food and ambiance are worth a return trip, but I'll be wary if I have time constraints.~shrimp crab cake ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~g6_NdPxee9GQ4f-yzdm8SA~We started at breakfast and finished for lunch, so there were many different choices and cuisines!  Coffee, tea, hot cocoa, and juice are included.  Fancy coffee drinks are not included.  The waitstaff was excellent, so please consider adding a tip (10%) when you pay before being seated.~coffee tea coffee ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~zeq89u3rIYJKrHT4k6K8zg~I feel like The Buffet has lost some of its luster. I've been there many times (probably 4-5x?) since 2007 and it always has a delicious selection and friendly service. This last trip was a bit hit or miss. The food selection was not as great, and many of the items were "just ok" or pretty plain/standard. Additionally we waited at least 15 min just to get coffee!  Having been to Wicked Spoon twice and my most recent trip this past Nov, I used to think The Buffet was better but now I think Wicked Spoon has surpassed. Not only in selection and presentation, but also the flavor combinations are more interesting and unique!~coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~XNLkU2orItmXX5xWJHIzBg~Friday morning of our Vegas trip.  It was 11:15.  We figured by the time we get to the front of the line, it'll be lunch time.  The line slowly moved, but we eventually got to the front of the line.  Lunch was $24.95.  Or something like that.  The central dining area is brightly lit by a huge skylight and the faux fantasy forest provided a stepping stone for the imagination.  Typical buffet set up with various stations offering a variety of dishes and cuisines.  The prime rib was good, as was their fried rice, leg of lamb, the gyozas were decent.  The had other items such as pizzas and pastas, sushi, other Asian dishes, a salad bar, and a few other things.  I would have to say the star was the dessert station.  They had at least 12 different desserts, all in small, 2-3 bite servings but they all looked so delicious I wish I could've had them all!  Oh, they also had gelato, with as many toppings and syrups as you want.  I didn't get any gelato but I had a bite of my friend's coffee gelato and it was REALLY strong.  The only thing that irked was one of the ladies didn't know who the executive pastry chef of the hotel was when I asked her.  I later had to google it, finding out that is it none other than the awesome Frederic Robert.  Our server could've been a lot better.  She wasn't around much and we constantly had to flag her down for refills on our beverages.  One of the busboys was doing a better job than she was.  I would definitely have to say this compares to the Bellagio Buffet (review to come)~fried rice lamb sushi salad desserts coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kiMrLKCvGBym5ck_WQzTLg~Excellent meal, the rainbow trout was cooked perfectly, I highly recommend it, the green chile mac and cheese was delicious, Bob provided great service and everyone was friendly, managers asked if everything was good, great place. An easy walk from the Doubletree Paradise Valley.~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~y5Puu34bqH3AxoMVVGJKlA~We've been to HB BBQ a couple times thanks to Groupon, and I'm a big fan of the ribs.  The meat literally falls off the bone, and the sauce is excellent.  The second time we went we had the chicken and rib plate, which is how we'll probably do it from now on.    I'm not a fan of the sides, otherwise this place would have had 5 stars.  There's not a lot of seating, so going during major meal times can present a problem if you're planning to dine in.  Also, It doesn't look like they can seat large parties together...most of the tables only seat 4 people.  Overall, the meats are excellent.  It is definitely a place I have and would continue to go back to.  I'd go more often, but they're not that close to where I live.~ribs chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~7T3PEpEZ8DAGiH04mMW3lw~I visited Luke Wholey's earlier tonight for dinner with my parents.  I'd been wanting to try it for a long while now, so given that they're fans of good seafood and that I had a City Dining Card for it, this gave me the push necessary to try it.  We started out by ordering the lobster bisque fries ($11), given that it was one of the more unique menu items and that many other Yelpers recommended them.  They consisted of fries over lobster bisque with chunks of lobster topped with scallions, and were the highlight of the meal.  If you like poutine, you'll enjoy them, for sure.  Because I wanted to try the lobster bisque by itself, I decided to order a cup of it with my meal ($7).  This turned out to be a mistake, given that it was too salty and rich for my taste, and that I felt that it was overpriced (for a cup).  If you're considering stopping here for lunch, bear in mind that you can get 4-5 times the amount of crab-lobster bisque of comparable quality across the street (with more seafood, no less!) in a quick serve setting at Wholey's Fish Market for less $.  For our entrees, my mom ordered the crab cake salad ($15.95), my dad ordered the baja shrimp volcano ($28), and I ordered the crab stuffed salmon ($30).  While my salmon was well cooked and tasty with the sauce, it didn't blow my mind the way I expect for an entree at this price point.  Also, the bok choy served with my entree seemed a bit limp when served, and there was a piece of skin underneath my salmon.  While these may seem like minor details, I have a higher standard for fine dining-esque than for mid-range restaurants, so I can't let them slide.  I tried a piece of my mom's crabcake and some of the potatoes from my dad's volcano, and again, they seemed tasty, but not mind-blowing.  They both seemed satisfied enough--though they're not as exacting as I am when it comes to eating out.  On the a positive note, our service was very good, so I have no complaints there.  The atmosphere is more casual than I was expecting, which fits with the atmosphere of the Strip District, but not with the fine dining-esque nature of the restaurant.  I concur with another reviewer that I'd be willing to give this place another shot for lunch (or happy hour), I don't think I'd be willing to pay dinner prices again.  Since my opinion is hovering between 3 and 4 stars, I'm splitting the difference and going with 3.5.~fries fries crab cake ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NPxn66jUngAyiEryzvKWFw~Love the food here. This location specifically I think is better than the other location. The mac n cheese is amazing and the pulled chicken sandwiches are very big. Staff is typically friendly but the booths aren't very comfortable.~cheese chicken sandwiches ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~BiB_h1qGN81sYj9B8lJahw~Best most dressed Bloody Mary- the Ultimate Bloody Mary. Can't even guess how many times I've showed the photo to people. I enjoyed the fresh soft shell crab. I would like to have just ordered another one versus ordering food since this drink supplied enough food :)  I ordered the beet wild salmon salad. Something went wrong with our order and it took forever to come out. They apologized and comped it by adding some steak to my friends back and eggs. We sat at the bar. Service was very good.  My salmon on the salad was overcooked.  Would come back again for that Bloody Mary.~beet salmon salad steak salmon salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8BCMS2gMppLtdel8j0wKyg~Amazing food.  Don't let the other reviews keep you away.  It is pricy, but you probably already know that.   You have to try the pork buns! I had the hanger steak and my wife had the salmon with clams.  Both really great.  I will be back.    Nice selection of wines and out of the norm tap beers.  Update:  Went there a 2nd time. Still amazing food.  The beet salad is amazing, the views are great and the service is top notch.~pork steak salmon beet salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~k_bOte5fLNvY0D1sJ5yVFA~Just dined there with a large group.  I think we tried almost everything on the menu.  Most of the stuff was really good.  We definitely froze on the "heated" patio though.  That was a bit of a bummer.  Service was good.  It would have been helpful if it was a little more kid friendly.  No juice offered and luckily they were able to come up with kid friendly mac and cheese or we would have been in big trouble.~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dcUp8kpbf3o60V65u-XCBw~such beautiful entrance to the buffet! (: flowers and flowers and more flowers, bright but not blinding (due to natural lighting coming from the ceiling) so overall friendly, inviting atmosphere (: ladies dressed in HOT PINK head to toe o__o lol it was quite cute.   great service throughout! totally awesome EXCEPT that one lady at the dessert station who started picking on me for taking pictures in her broken english. "ah manager he yes then ok pictures but no because manager ah you no then..." you get the drift -__-" i totally couldn't comprehend her at all...so she ended up calling the manager over while he was standing around "MAH-NEH GERRRR" then he came over and she obnoxiously starts pointing at me saying "picture her okay?" then he totally shut her off and told me it was okay to take pictures and smiled. (: what a cutie hehe. so i went along on a journey with my gigantic dslr and had fun ^__^ hehe  back to the basics.  utensils they used were nice. the knife was realllly heavy. the plates were really pretty and clean. none of the ones i used had chips on them!   food was alright. some were awesome, some were alright, and some were nah.   the pineapple juice i ordered was SO GOOD.  i recommend the spicy tuna handroll, different types of ceviche, pesto pasta you can make at the pasta station, smoked salmon, and the prime rib.  crabs were freakishly SALTY ~ ~ahhhhh. blegh. buffalo chicken wings (why would i get this at a buffet. i laugh at myself) was toooooo sweet, pad thai (again why would i get this at a buffet -__-") was...bland. seriously had no flavor what-so-ever. chicken panang had this really overwhelming coconut taste... this baked salmon dish was so dryyy ): pea cream sauce tortellini was way too sweet and so was the shredded bbq pork on the corn bread. i felt like overall, the food was on the sweet side o__o  on to deserts, AHHHHH i was in love. creme brulee, tiramisu, panna cotta, strawberry shortcake, liege waffles and crepes that they make on the spot! those are all recommendable.  the only ones i was disappointed with were candied apple ( it looked so pretty and enticing but...hard much? -__-" so HARD to bite into. no pun intended ha) and the madeleine cookie...was not good AT ALL.  overall, it was a really satisfying experience! (: 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~mAo6tCXNMLtQbdQB0lGkfg~Yum!! Shared the Mac n cheese and loved it. I think the portion size was a tad small but it was very delicious and I recommend it :) PS - like them on FB for some special treats ;)~cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~NjYgqE6UJWz8ApEH5aPWMQ~Love the salad bar. For take out you can't beat the loaded baked potatoes. Gigantic. Highly recommend this place!~salad ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Szko2nEN60EymhF--jauwg~Stopped in for a birthday drink and appetizer.   There was a 90 minute wait for a table so we decided to check out the bar.  We got 2 seats at the bar within 5 minutes with a great view of the capital.  We started off with some drinks and then cheese curds and the pretzel.  Delicious!  We decided to hang around and have some dinner.  Really quick service, great drinks (seasonal punch was yummy), and scrumptious eats.  Check it out!~cheese ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~6Xz4abEJGaaeRpVdRkv_Fw~Great place for fresh salad and a nice variety of soups and other buffet foods.  I have eaten at this Restuarant before while in town on business.  This time around I confined myself to the salad bar.  Great selection of fresh ingredients, toppings, and salad dressings.  This place has two things going for it as far as I am concerned.  #1 - Fresh food #2 - Clean  If your looking for gourmet fare, look elsewhere.  But if you want a quick lunch of decent to good quality, this Sweet Tomatoes is a good pick.  Something tasty for every palate.  The price is right too!~salad salad salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~GpXeu276nmqWztnd4NHAsw~Food was pretty good. Service was good. Not a huge selection to choose from when compared to other buffets in town. For the price they should offer king crab instead of snow and a small fork for the crab. We were told they did not have them which was a bit strange. The crepes were very good as was the fresh iced tea.~tea ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~XZe5X9CTHv-BOCaWKWMTYA~The food was great, but we had a bad service experience. After being seated it took at least 5 minutes for our waiter to acknowledge us. Then it was another 5 minutes before he came back to take our drink orders. No one had brought us a cocktail menu even though the place is known for great cocktails, so we asked for one. That took 5 more minutes. Then it was at least 10 minutes before he came back to take the orders, then another 10 for the drinks to arrive. When the waiter came with the drinks we had to ask him not to leave because we didn't know how long it would be before he came back to take dinner orders. Apparently you can't get bread until you've ordered, because even though we asked for it, it never arrived until after we had ordered. I was about 2 minutes away from finding a manager to complain to, something I had never done. Every table around us had drinks and dinner before we had even ordered dinner.  I had met my friends in Phoenix, and they had just flown in from the east coast, so it was after midnight their time before we finally got food. Although the food was amazing they were practically falling into their plates from exhaustion.  The drinks we finally got were amazing. I had a cosmo-type thing with jalapeno muddled in. Really different and delicious. My friend had the grapfruit-basil martini which was also delicious.  I had the goat cheese/spinach salad appetizer and it was great, except a little too heavy on the dressing.  For entrees, two friends had the salmon which they loved and raved about all week. Another friend had the chicken and she was pleasantly surprised by it. I had the shrimp and pasta carbonara. I don't usually order shrimp dishes, and I loved it. The shrimp were gigantic and so flavorful. It was rich, but worth it.  We were too exhausted to consider dessert, because of the service issues.  I'm not sure our service problem was a one-off. I went back for breakfast and lunch during our stay at the Sanctuary and wasn't impressed either time. For breakfast I ordered eggs benedict with the eggs "not too runny." They came literally hard boiled. I pointed this out to the waitress and she offered to take it back, but I had already waited awhile and didn't want to spend more of my vacation time waiting for food. At the end of the meal I again expressed my disappointment, but was offered no compensation, not even a comped iced tea. At lunch, the filet cobb salad was delcicious, but I had to flag down the staff for more iced tea, which was difficult since I was in a booth facing the window with no easy access to any of the staff or other diners.~jalapeno cheese spinach salad salmon chicken shrimp pasta carbonara shrimp shrimp eggs benedict tea salad tea ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~oIkcrXgV82WoqP_G5NVPeQ~Was good.  There weren't any dishes that made my toes curl, but it was satisfying.   Came with my employer's and husband.  We attended the Parker Chiropractic Seminar.     Saturday around 3pm.. there was about a 15 minute wait to get into the buffet.. although the line moved at a consistent pace.   Hmm.. what stood out.. not much.  The pasta's were nice and tender.. uhh.. not memorable.  The pancakes were okay.. IDK.   The food was average.  I don't even want to take too much time writing this because it was so mediocre.   Cost for 4 without champagne was $127.  Will I be back?  Probably not, buffet is not my cup of tea.~pasta pancakes tea ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~N4hmZ8tJ86pZS6dtZ4SzYg~This place originally got famous for rustic cowboy cooking. The menu still has that dimension but now also serves lighter fare (like the fish tacos or the salads). Overall I have been impressed by every meat dish I have eaten here. And then the happy hour at the bar is a real treat. The big ass burger on the happy hour menu still is the best deal in town. You might want to share it though ...~tacos salads burger ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~iSpTYLe54pwDoPo8y0jn6A~What an excellent Valentine's Dinner! My wife and I came into Elements for the 2016 holiday and were so happy we did.  First of all, when you arrive, they take your phone number so they can text you when your table is ready.  While you wait, you can go into Jade Bar and hang out.  When we were there, some excellent live music was playing, which we really enjoyed.  Second, the service.  You have a 'service team' that assists you, which I believe includes a Server and two Server Assistants.  They all make sure you never wait long for anything, and they do a great job of it.  Our server was incredibly knowledgeable as well.    Third, the ambiance.  When we were there you could look outside at the gorgeous scenic views, as well as to a beautiful fire pit.  It was all very relaxing and romantic.    Finally, the food and drink.  I loved the Camino Agave Cocktail, and my wife and I both loved the Calamari appetizer.  For entrees, she ordered the Salmon, I ordered the Pork Chop, and we were both very satisfied.  I highly recommend Elements for your next special occasion. Enjoy!~salmon pork ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~slKD_9xQdfW4mTnfW8g1tw~Best beans I've ever had and an excellent BBQ sauce!!  Rib tips and chicken were great.  Coleslaw and potato salad ok.~chicken coleslaw potato salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kWGHZpSVt7P4Rl_9DkGH_A~Not exactly a home-run, but it was a pretty satisfying meal.   ---  Quick summary:  Too many choices? Just focus on these three items: prime rib, Alaskan crab legs, and Asian food (e.g. Shrimp bao, fried dumpling, leek cake).  My no-no list: beef slider, rib-eye (just get more prime rib), madeleines, creme brulee  ---  Holiday dinner price was $47.99 and the wait felt like forever ... had to wait about 90 ~ 120 minutes Plate 1 Sushi seafood and Asian food Shrimp bao I liked the sweet bun fried dumpling very impressive one of the top fried dumplings I ve had leek cake flavorful spicy salmon hand roll a bit disappointed it didn t hit the spot BBQ eel nigiri above average quality for a buffet California roll above average quality for a buffet and Alaskan crab legs already sliced open juicy and flavorful Plate 2 medium rare prime rib expect a long line one of the best prime rib I ve had tender juicy and irresistible lamb chop tasted a bit dry bratwurst not bad at all chicken sausage not bad at all mashed potato ham beef slider terrible bun and dry meat could not finish it rib eye did not like it tasted pretty dry asparagus juicy and crunch good green bean casserole Plate 3 baked salmon orecchiette pasta basil pesto grilled Mary s chicken four cheese ravioli chicken parmesan roll all plate 3 tasted pretty decent Plate 4 creme brulee sugar crust didn t taste right tiramisu excellent madeleines didn t like the texture cream puff good gelato chocolate peanut butter and cappuccino Plate 5 fried rice not bad for a non Asian buffet Caesar salad gotta eat some vegetable right Kate Jicama salad candied walnuts grapes blue cheese raspberry vinaigrette green apple salad crunch crunch crunch yummy fried tofu Did not try customized pasta station cold cut bar cheese salami prosciutto etc pizza there was steak egg pizza and artisan bread station I wish there are more ice cream flavors Anyhow I would return if I don t have to wait for more than one hour again And this time I ll only focus on prime rib and crab legs ~shrimp cake) beef sushi, shrimp cake ( salmon california roll ( lamb chicken sausage ( mashed potato 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~OM_r8u1zSzoIycBgcR2hXg~Wasted my $40.  This place seemed great after reading about it online.  Unfortunately, unless you eat the king crab legs, the rest of the food is not worth eating.  And because I don't eat seafood, I was quite disappointed.  While everyone raves about the crab legs, I would like to judge the buffet based on its prime rib.  The cuts of prime rib I had were very fatty.  Not top quality.  the cheeses tasted like they had been left out for a while and tasted stale.  The pastas were not very good.  Needless to say, nothing really impressed me to even write about.   The desserts were good, but not worth spending the $40 on.  I loaded up on these since I was still hungry from not eating much that was very appealing.  The service for drinks was also bad.  I got up and helped myself to more iced tea.~cheeses desserts tea ~2 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~gaB700qeSxvDn6C0T0rBKg~I've been here a couple of times.  I try to avoid the M-F lunch rush.  Service is okay. Baked potatoes are huge.  Salad bar has more of a selection than other places.    Tip: The soft serve is free.  Help yourself. = )~salad ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~cwf1Sb1rNyUIaHKKxmn5_A~seemed overpriced and not top quality. weak mixed drinks. the old bay shrimp were good. not sure if i'd go back.~shrimp ~2 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~ZYjr2tVYEN7mRKpxzBhNAQ~Ono comfort food and quick delivery service. Love that their hamburger patties are home-made but the LauLau could use some work. Other than that though, the fam loves this place!~hamburger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Kl3PBKqqh6hK1CiYZ-rfDg~This was awesome! We came for our anniversary and made reservations. They had our table ready when we arrived complete with an anniversary card and a rose! I ordered the bacon pork tenderloin and my man had the Big Ass Burger. The tenderloin was perfect and the burger was HUGE. They kept congratulating us on our anniversary which was so sweet. They also gave us complimentary dessert - we picked the creme brulee which was fantastic! Best anniversary, best customer service and best food ever! Thank you Roaring Fork!~bacon pork burger burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nwWn_vnFF2yLt0lujXkzSA~Went to try the happy hour and was pretty impressed. $5 martinis (perfect full pours) and really good margaritas. The Big Ass burger for $10 was very tasty. I had to box it up even, such a huge portion. The green chile pork dish was very tasty as well. Good service, nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour. Every day from 4-7, Sun and Mon 4-close I think. I will be going back here for sure at some point.~burger pork ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~f2vUN2QH2_LjFBbII0x9Ww~In town for business, and anytime I travel for work I try to hit up a bbq joint.  Literally went five minutes before close, and the cashier was nice enough to let me order for dine in.   I am a hearty eater, so I got the chicken dinner with two sides, and a two meat sandwich.  The meats I chose were pork and beef.  The two sides were French fries, and potato salad.  The pro e wad very reasonable. Lets start with the chicken.  It was smothered in bbq sauce, but was a nice piece of chicken.  The taste was OK.  I've had much better, also much worse.  It also wasn't that beefy of a chicken, so I was happy I  ordered the extra sandwich. The sandwich was a different story. I would give the bbq meat a 8/10. It had a very smokey taste, like it just came off a big pile of wood.  I thoughly enjoyed that meat, the plain white bun it was on, not so much.   The fries were very basic, and the potato salad was also nothing to write home about.  If I am back in town, I would probably come back.  But, again a very sub-par bbq experience.~chicken sandwich pork beef french fries ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wnEi1JHg0uFn60mnqRPLrA~Not sure if people have been reviewing the Wynn Breakfast/Brunch buffet, so here's my two cents.  I'm so happy my little group woke up early for this. We went for Sunday brunch and got to the restaurant just past 9:30. There were two people ahead of us in line. It was such a relief, because random restaurants at Treasure Island (where we were staying) had lines forming already.    Brunch was ~ 28 per person coffee juice tea included ~$35 per person if you wanted alcohol (Bloody Mary's, Champagne, Mimosas).   This place was so pretty. Such a fun time to be had designing your own plate. Oval plates seem so much chicer than round ones, don't you think?  Food. Is. Superb. I don't think anyone would go hungry here, even you picky eaters out there. Two rows of pastries and desserts (madeleines, croissants, chocolate croissants, sorbets, bread pudding and crme anglaise, cookies, and mini servings of chocolate cake) for the sweet tooths. For the meat eaters, there's a carving station with prime rib and--wait for it!--glazed slab of bacon. Eggs and eggs benedict and lox and fried chicken are all yours. They have a cooked-to-order omelet chef. There are waffles to be eaten with various preserves and fruits. There are silver dollar pancakes with warm maple syrup.  Interesting stations: (1) Congee bar, complete with thousand year old eggs, Chinese fried long donuts (yo tiao in Mandarin); (2) Gazpacho bar, with mix-ins like cucumbers, onions, diced tomatoes; (3) Strawberry bar, with fresh hulled strawberries, julienned mint, cream.  My favorites were small servings of yogurt (sweetened with honey, topped with crunchy granola and a whole strawberry) and cups of segmented grapefruit (tossed with a coarse sugar to enhance sweetness and lend texture, topped with a small sprinkle of mint).   Good table side service made sure that the drinks were always topped-off and plates were always whisked away when we returned with a new plate.   Highly recommended.   P.S. By the time we left ( 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~2Fg3T0w0uM9lS3vr5OtO-A~Brak likes BJ's. For a "brew house" kind of joint, the food is WAY above average.  Some of the servers have been here for years and are great.  Others are horrendous - we've had service ranging from outstanding to unacceptable here.  But the food has been consistently good.  Brak likes the chicken parm lunch special.  The marinara sauce has an extra spicy kick that's both unusual and very tasty.  Would have granted 4 stars if not for the spotty service.  But the food has been consistently good, and is a regular spot on our office lunch rotation.~chicken ~3 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~QlcgMDW1duWBFW1AbHH1WQ~Best cuban sandwich in Las Vegas~sandwich ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~sEBe363rjCeAk9QjZ-GRPQ~I love love love love buffets, but I wasn't impressed with "The Buffet" on a Monday night, and here's why:  - The sushi bar had only three items.  I don't think this is enough of a variety to have a special section called "Sushi."   - Quality of food was just alright, e.g., grilled pork chops were all either dry or burnt.  The best dish I had was the mashed potatoes.   The desserts *almost* made everything better.  Everyone's said this before, but I'll speak with emphasis.  The desserts at this buffet are the BEST desserts I have ever had at any buffet.  Each and every dessert was amazing -- the chocolate mousse, cheesecake, bread pudding, carrot cake.  The ice cream, however, was a little extreme in flavor -- the coffee flavor was very strong, and the passion fruit sorbet was very tart.  Overall, desserts were still amazing.  Gotta hand it to the Wynn - they know how much we love our desserts and they do it big.    Three stars, since I probably won't come back.~sushi sushi pork desserts desserts desserts carrot cake ice cream coffee passion fruit desserts desserts ~3 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~A0873ju34m9ZWqSTxb5HOA~If you're a total diehard pizza-loving fan, this place is worth checking out for their pizza cones; a totally fun and interesting take on pizza. If pizza isn't your thing, they also serve cold & hot sandwiches, poutine or tornado fries. A great spot to grab some lunch with a few hungry colleagues/co-workers, and did I mention the staff were super friendly?~sandwiches fries ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~UB_Px3-d2QBFgkf6L3VWYQ~Awesome place, staff is nice, food is delicious, and customizable, and they have great fries.   The whole pizza in a cone idea is wonderful as well, a much nicer way to eat everyone's favourite food!~fries ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~OSR3rCLyNlRtFK4jpYByqg~I wanted to order chicken and ribs but I was told they don't sell it like that and would have to order 2 separate plates lol okay then.~chicken ribs ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tv-UcQQhXhAdwU5HAIFlRg~Anyone who has a happy hour until 10 pm all summer long is worth checking out. I can only give this review based on two items the short ribs  and the big ass burger were awesome. I have heard the chicken is awesome so next time I come that is what I am going to try.~ribs burger chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~KZ9wO1vmeNqMvZZS6DTT5w~Enjoyed our brunch here at wynn - impressed with the food choices (omelet stations, carving stations, asian station that has lugaw/congee!, etc etc). also their coffee is good and strong, just the way i like it.  i didnt get to try everything, but i thought it would be worth a dinner visit...~coffee ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~P3qJicD7a6dLEC_tKt4ZXg~Perfect portion size Perfect amount of cheese  The owner is really friendly  Amazing french fries   I initially came here because of the groupon but I would definitely return!!~cheese french fries ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~gDc-TyY4AHk7j0Ns3PhJxw~This place is HORRIBLE, the service stinks!  The food is just as bad as the service.  The waiter got my order totally wrong. Told me the tuna is served medium well, it was served RARE!  For the price and ratings I expected at least good food and service.  GOT NEITHER!~tuna ~1 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~bWiJQQG3Q8ODijkCazKs0A~I only get the salad bar at Jason's Deli so I can't speak about their other foods.  I'm not sure why Jason's has enough seating for a Roman Legion and a single salad bar. Has this place ever been to capacity, and if so, WHERE did they all park?  Parking is a freaking nightmare because it shares the parking lot with a Wingstop and Seafood City and a few other businesses.   In general, their salad bar is a great deal and I can't recommend their gingerbread bites enough. They are killer.  My beef with Jason's is that they slice all of their vegetables as if they're going to go on a burger, rather than dicing them, which can make eating a salad look pretty beast-like (imagine Beast eating porridge for the first time in Beauty & the Beast) if you accidently miss cutting a slice of bell pepper or onion completely before stabbing it with your fork.~salad salad salad beef burger salad bell pepper onion ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4gxqHi3W-NzkOoGu0geEHg~I do adore the weekend champagne brunch, but not for the food - for the champagne, of course!    The food...well, the food is "eh" at best, and inedible at worst.  The buffet is extensive and covers nearly any palette, but because it's done in such a mass quantity and left to sit out, is not particularly fresh or hot.  The desserts mostly had a rubbery consistency, save for the tasty peach cobbler and pecan rolls.  The ice cream bar is also a very safe bet.  Steer clear of the shrimp...they were room-temperature and slimy on the skin, so we had to pass after a bite, for fear we'd get sick.  Most everything was heat-lamped too long and was too dry to enjoy, but if my tip would be to sit at a table with view of the buffet chef - you can watch them put out new dishes and run over to get them fresh.  They won't taste delicious, but at least they'll be consumed straight-from-the-oven.  I have heard that the dinner buffet is better, but for the price of champagne brunch, I expected that the food quality would suffer, so I wasn't disappointed when this came to fruition.  However, for the $30 or whatever it was, the ability to sit in a garden-of-eden-meets-Mad-Hatter-tea-party room with the sun streaming in, nibbling some food and drinking champagne was well worth the price tag.  It's a great way to spend a Sunday morning at the Wynn.  So grab a glass, settle in, and, if you really want good food, stick to the fresh-made stations like the omelets, or just go somewhere else.~desserts peach ice cream shrimp tea ~3 
La Ligne Rouge~onion rings-fried chicken~wL3yEbvQGfDsNoRm8-OYig~It's official, La ligne Rouge has officially earned the last star! I've been here almost every week when im in town and it get's better every time. I love that the food is consistent and the service is great! I am a very harsh yelper and I rarely give restaurants a five star. The consistency of the food, the satisfied feeling you get after every bite and the sadness that overwhelms your soul when the food is finished is what determines a 5 star restaurant to me! Absolutely the BEST poutine, gyro and onion rings I've eaten in my life!~onion rings ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zN84fS76IdthFyD3NJgWrw~Went for Happy Hour and was impressed with the selection of drinks and appetizers.  Right now they are running an extended happy hour through Labor Day (4-10pm).  They have a variety of mojitos and margaritas for $5.  We had the fish tacos and burger ($10 ea).  It is 2 tacos, each with a good sized piece of grilled fish and the burger comes with all the goodies, including fries.  Even though when we were there at HH on a Friday night, staff was pleasant and tentative.  A bit older crowd than some other of the  places in Scottsdale which was a nice change of pace.~appetizers tacos burger tacos burger fries ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gkkNg3I3ktZS2TKN1auYcA~Honey Bear.  What a great name. I wish I would have named my first son Honey Bear, or Cornbread J-Cool...something sick like that.  I think that's where going into labor fucks most women up.  They're all like..."Oh yeah baby, I'm down with Luciano or Vincenzo if its a boy... sooo very Italian."  That's in the nine months preceding birth.   Have a little chat with her after she delivers...it's a whole new ball game. Now it's all, "My son isn't going to have a name that sounds like some greaseball mobster, WTF is the matter with you anyway?"  Wow. I don't know how I went down that road. I WAS going to tell you about Honey Bear's but I guess I'm still pissed my first born was named Dan.   Anyway, the food here is pretty tasty. I like it because you can order meat by the pound which is all I ever do. I order eight ounces of barbecued beef, no bun and a glass of water..it's around eight bucks. The service is super fast too, consuming about fifteen minutes of your lunch hour if you wolf your shit like I do.  Their sauce is flavorful too, you'll want to slather a boatload on your beef...kind of sweet and slightly spicy...good tang.   And speaking of good tang, what better way to finish off the remainder of your lunch hour than by going to Band Aid's show lounge...just a block away on 7th and Virginia?  A lunch hour chocked with tang. The fantasy of what heights your son may have aspired to had you gotten your way...naming him Cornbread. And crop-dusting that empty cubicle with some major beef and beer farts around mid afternoon...sending that evil co-worker of yours into a catatonic funk upon her return from the ladies room.  Now that's what I'm talking about.~honey honey honey beef beef beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~224DbI1cO88WjpyNM217sQ~Roaring Fork is strangely located next to some giant business complex.  They share the same parking lot and has every space marked with 2-hour visitor parking.  Since the business closed during dinner time, guests may park freely here.  The restaurant reminds me of an upscale version of Claim Jumpers. Dark, intimate restaurant with a Western theme and open kitchen.  Menu is highly meat-centric, and ideally you bring a large appetite and/or completed a full day of hiking because portions are gigantic!  We started off with a Medjool Date Salad - interesting how dates and that fig jam works with candied walnuts.  To balance out the sweetness, they have arugula and large chunks of goat cheese.  (4 stars)  Wife got the Double Cut Pork Chop. Wood-grilled and served with an awesome squash puree. The chop was huge and had some poblano chutney on top.  I found the meat incredibly soft and juicy, almost unnaturally soft.  The wife felt some of the pork texture and taste was missing some how, and she still felt the best pork chops are served in San Francisco's Prospect. (4 stars)  For some crazy reason, I opted for the Big Ass Burger out of sheer, morbid curiosity.  I could of went for any of their other excellent-sounding entrees but the "Big Ass" just sounds so cool.  I indeed lived up to its name and was indeed big - layers of bacon, medium-rare juicy patty, tomatoes, onions, and poblano chili.  Pretty decent burger, definitely bigger but not necessarily better than some of the best burgers I've had.  Fries were super crispy and well-seasoned. (4 stars).  Clearly after that meal there was no room for dessert!~date salad fig arugula cheese pork poblano pork pork burger bacon patty poblano burger burgers fries ~4 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~3u28bH4-BsPukrTcCZRogA~What a mess. The staff doesn't know what they're doing, there is yogurt everywhere, everything was empty, and it smelled like warm sour milk. Never again unless I'm desperate for FroYo.~milk ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FnmDDj88D3GMJDkJD5_FRw~I had dinner last night at Graze.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the look was absolutely nothing like I had expected. Do not think Gastro-pub when you go there and you will have a much better experience. It is more like the upscale, urban restaurants of San Francisco, not cozy or pub-ish at all. After I got past my initial surprise, I was extremely pleased with the rest of our experience there. The wine list was good, although I think a few more California wines would be appropriate for this type of place and the entire menu was definitely short enough to digest easily (I hate restaurants with long menus). We had the pretzel which was very good although not all that 'unique', a very nice salad (albeit slightly saltier than necessary), and a pulled pork dish. The pulled pork was definitely the highlight. They had pork done 4 ways and the mac and cheese. Yum! We also got the hickory nut pie. Delicious and very cozy food.   The view is fantastic, and the decor is nice and very urban. The window to the kitchen is a nice touch, although mostly you can only see an elevator. Would be better if you got a better view of the chefs. It is quite loud, so if this bothers you, I would suggest sitting outside. As expected, the service was impeccible. Overall, I will definitely come here again. I imagine that it will continue to improve as they get their stride.~salad pulled pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~vTbwoM3705dy8JIxyixOGg~I came here for happy hour and left a happy camper. Everything on the menu sounded great and we finally decided on the queso con carnitas and the big ass burger. The appetizer was very flavorful the only thing I didn't like is that there was more meat than queso so it was kind of hard to eat. The big ass burger was the best burger I have ever had. It came with chipotle mayo that wasn't very flavorful but the burger didn't need anything added on to it. The meat was amazing and melted in your mouth. I ate half of the burger and was full for the rest of the night.~carnitas burger burger burger burger burger ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~RMdSn82fKXAkJfKE0LUGkw~Almost Bliss/reTHINK Landscaping  I left Seattle for multiple reasons. One was the horrid parking situation. Sure, I've spent 30 years in Phoenix, where parking is (mostly) not only abundant, but *gasp* free! When I was given an invite to an anniversary party at Bliss/reBAR, and the website, itself, boasts about parking on the street or at a closed place next door, I was not very optimistic. Parking is something I want to be the least of my concerns when trying out a new place.  Thankfully, I did find some parking on the street, but then again, I arrived at 5:59PM on a Saturday. As the night crept on, it appears any later, it would've been a problem. So - get there early.  The place itself was rather dead - it's a weekend night and this is supposed to be a faddish place? - so I found my party easy, even though the 5-6 employees at the "Please Wait To Be Seated" desk were smiling and helpful. (On a side note, even though there were 4-5 too many staff members hanging out, the empty tables and bar seats outnumbered them 5 to 1.)  Now...at the party, or a long outdoor section alongside the Garfield street side, the dcor and arrangements seemed very nice and comfortable. For my friend's 15th Anniversary, they even doctored a picture of them and honored them with well wishes on every table. That was nice.  One very pleasant cocktail waitress brought by multiples of half-sliders, half-grilled cheese sandwiches, half-fried sausage ravioli, mini-coconut chicken tenders and shrimp. All of that was WONDERFUL with the best being the shrimp and ravioli. We were generously given two drink tickets by the host, and we had to get our drinks at the outdoor extremely well decorated bar. No real criticism on the bartender - he did his job, was moderately quick, but just not the friendliest or approachable guy. He was just there.  Inside the bar, it was adequate. The ambiance was okay. Not inviting, but not standoffish. Middle of the road. Amazingly, and unbeknownst to me, towards the beginning of the night the few tables inside had chairs but as the evening grew, they were promptly taken by the staff one-by-one. People had to stand and they were served food. I like to sit at a nice place when I eat. Just me? Maybe it was for more space for more people to pile in, though there wasn't enough evidence for me - again on a Saturday night - that this place gets busy. And speaking of more space...  With three adjoining empty lots and three more within walking distance, there's no excuse for no parking lot. Even if that was out of the question - why? I don't have a clue - the original idea should've been to occupy a larger and vacant plot nearby. Heck, maybe they'd have room for *gulp* two bathrooms!  Oh, and I don't know the general rule about "chic" places, but ONE bathroom? Personally, I prefer privacy and not really into the whole idea of the opposite sex wandering around inside the bathroom. Heck, when I was in there, the only two other occupants were female and oddly, they seemed to want to hang out. No, they didn't appear to know each other, they were just standing around. Hmmm. My impression, this was supposed to be a gay-friendly establishment and if they thought something different - especially from me, they're barking up the wrong tree.  This was my first experience with a unisex bathroom, and dear God, I hope it's the last.  Overall, the food was great, the setting was comfortable and the one cocktail waitress was friendly. Sadly, the parking situation, or lack thereof, the lazy one bathroom situation and the terrible neighborhood - oh, yeah, it's located 2 notches from the ghetto, gives me a dead even 3/5 stars and sadly, I probably wouldn't have any reason to return unless someone else drives or I happen to move downtown. Within two blocks. Max.~cheese sandwiches sausage coconut chicken shrimp shrimp ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~uL0scuJF-05pEDp7w4-wbg~Everything they have said about the Graze burger is true. It is worth it :)~burger ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~fq4sLtLFlev2ifq1tbBIZg~Bottom Line: Food is mediocre despite nice ambience and service  Food lacks flavor. It's as simple as that. There is nothing about the food that makes you want to come back...even for bar food. All of the dishes lack flavor. They look pretty on the plate but the flavors are not there. The calamari is dry and flavorless. The wings come dry without sauce; you have to ask them to "toss the wings in sauce" to  get what is normal wings(wet wings drizzling in sauce) anywhere else. If you don't ask that, they serve fried chicken with dipping sauces, sorry I can get that at KFC not at a supposed premium bar. The salads taste wilted and the dressings seem to lack flavor. The beer was mediocre. The menu is entirely too large.  This place is a hit because of it's location and it's  atmosphere. It's an upscale sports bar resembling the Yard House  so a lot of people like to come here to have comfortable seating, nice service and nice tv's. But the food was very disappointing and if you care about what you eat, look elsewhere.~fried chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Eyv6km3dIjv3fkbf5hBu8Q~Got there early.. frankly speaking only reason we got here early is because we didnt even sleep and were still on the tables playing since the night before.  We had coupon for buy one get one free so the day already started on a well note.  No one was in line when we walked there so we were seated quickly.  Well it's a breakfast buffet so there is only so much of everything you can serve. They had eggs, sausage, patties, bacon, waffles, pancakes etc... you know all the yummy stuff anyone can serve during breakfast.  Had me some coffee and OJ and the waiter was prompt.  Clean and bright which is good for us at the time.  Will definitely eat here again when I am too lazy to leave the strip.~sausage bacon pancakes coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mGGYEZkCAYNAfc1z-ljwFQ~Happy hour was hopping today, unlike last week.  Bartender Ryan wasn't there, but no worries, as Stefan was just as able and gracious.  I selected the cab to go with the RF "Big Ass Burger," even though I wanted to try the zin.  Did I choose wrong?  I'll try the zin next time.  Since I enjoyed the chile-pistachio bread last week, I asked if I could have the commercially-made burger bun swapped out with the new-recipe chile-pecan bread.  No problem.  Ordered it medium, no pickles.  By the time I had thought to take photos of the burger (I was starving so I dug right in!), the scene was a mess!  From the very first slice, the longhorn cheddar-topped patty crumbled into many pieces- I kept wishing I had a spoon to scoop them up!  No matter, as it was still a wonderful meal- loved the smoked bacon, and the chipotle mayo worked well both as a burger condiment and as a dip for the wonderfully crisp and seasoned fries (see photos).  If only there are more happy hour meal selections (only two, excluding the salads) for me to enjoy.  Guess I'll be forced to try the Huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise and vanilla bean ice cream next time... woe is me ;)~burger burger pickles burger patty bacon burger fries salads ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Y7dcZcGAQIh1vcBDXG2yvw~Great spot for brunch in downtown Madison. Can't beat the view. A number of high quality options for brunch, and food is always fresh. Limited selection of options for dinner, although their cheese curds are some of the best in town. Brunch preferences are the eggs benedict, corn beef hash, seasonal scrambler, or burrito.~cheese eggs benedict corn beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~wctdQRIOmdHsK8yMl2ldag~Oh crap, I hate, hate writing mediocre reviews when everyone else writes great reviews. So I'm going positive first:  The service was GREAT! Well, the waitstaff. I'll start from the beginning: We just got back from Wet 'n Wild where I mentioned, if you read that review, I didn't bring a hairbrush much less took a shower.  We decided to visit Roaring Fork as it's on my husband's burger list and we rarely get this far north. So we drive down Scottsdale road and surprised to find it in an office building.   We walk in looking like crap with our messy boys and we are completely ignored by the two hostesses who are engaged in conversation with an older gentleman. So we walk around the restaurant and decide to go back to the hostess and see if we need to be seated. So I rudely interrupted their deep conversation and ask if they need to seat us. One of them said yes, if you are eating dinner or you can seat yourself if you want the happy hour in the bar or patio. We said we'll do the happy hour.  We went t to the patio which on this 108* day into evening was wonderful. The decor was so nice I wish my home patio looked so good and the misters were great even though by the end of the evening I was soaked. The waiter was very attentive and made a great beer suggestion. We ordered  the Big Ass Burgers for $9 and an order of Guacamole and the boys ordered mac & cheese.   The Guac was amazing, perfect with big chunks of avocado and onion, chip were fresh. The beer was served with chilled, small glasses - great presentation.   The burgers were HUGE, I didn't think for $9 you would really get a HUGE burger and Fries but you do. The burger looks great, super thick cooked to order with thick bacon, cheddar, tomato, poblano chile, nice lettuce, tons of pickles with an aioli on the side. What could be wrong?   Hmmm, I bite, chew, swallow, add aioli, bite, add salt. Just can not get any flavor from the meat.  This burger should be amazing. The bread is a really generic, white seeded bun so I get rid of it and used a fork and knife. Just no flavor so I both my husband and I only ate half of our burgers. The waitstaff seemed confused by our full plates but it just wasn't great and not worth the cholesterol or calories. The boys were happy with the mac & cheese and ate most of our fries. The guac and beer were great! And the service, except the host staff, was truly wonderful.    We would probably go back as we liked the ambiance and give it another try hopefully just an off night. Total for two beers, guacamole, mac & cheese x2, burgers x2 was only $45.~burger burgers cheese avocado onion burgers burger fries burger bacon tomato poblano lettuce pickles burger white burgers cheese fries cheese burgers ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~bXv5HJaQantg1KM8CPQH5w~I had the Steel City Lobster Roll, and it was ok. The fries were soggy and their weren't any vegetables really in it, so there was no crunch. I could only taste the lobster and the bisque, which was pretty bland. Also, my girlfriend has Celiac, so don't go there if you can't have gluten, because they leech the flavor out of everything. The service was amazing though and the Bloody Mary was one of the best in the city according to my girlfriend.~lobster roll fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~T1Cc5nHyJIyoU2_RLj_wkQ~Graze has over time become my favorite restaurant in Madison. Not just for the delicious food, but for the exceptional service and ambiance. I started going to graze just for lunch/brunch but after a while I figured I  would try dinner. Their drink menu is superb, I love how they use fresh herbs and update it regularly. They also update their dinner menu a few times a year so it's fun to try what's new. I've never been disappointed after eating here. I appreciate their use of local ingredients and love that they support Wisconsin farmers. I highly recommend it!! (Oh, and best cheese curds in madison...yep I went there!)~cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~vFnSH-3jG79sgOHGBRYglg~Oh my ... I just had my first experience here at the dinner buffet.  This has to be the best buffet I've had so far in Vegas. I've been to Bellagio, Paris, and Spice Market. The decor is alot more elegant and brighter.  I used to think Bellagio was the best but my latest trip wasn't so great. I don't  remember the exact cost, but the Wynn price came out to a few dollars cheaper even. And the food ...  That is the best Chilean sea bass I've had at a buffet. It was so moist and tender.  The herb crusted salmon wasn't bad either. Flaky and moist as well. The rest of the food is the typical buffet fare. Their shrimp cocktail is noticeably larger than any other place I've been. They differentiate a little with their various ceviche, salads, and their coconut flavor and pineapple flavor ice cream which was a delight.  The thing that did damper my experience was the waitress. She seemed to have disappeared during her shift so I never got any refills of my drink. The waitress finally returned during our dessert to bring tea/coffee. I pretty sure this is an isolated incident however.~salmon shrimp ceviche salads coconut pineapple ice cream tea coffee ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~Gnyxk-5uALecyV9Wc3oAVA~Been eating here for several years now. Not that it was fantastic food, more because L&L is a few more miles down the road in centennial.  Lately, their quality of food and service have gone significantly down.  I was born and raised in hawaii and i know authentic hawaiian bbq.  The owner has hired mexicans to work the register and cook to save a few bucks.  How on earth does a mexican know about hawaiian food? I would never call myself an excellent authentic mexican cook if i never spent a lifetime experiencing their culture.  But then, i looked at the owner and he is a "FOB" (FRESH OFF THE BOAT) asian that probably has no idea what true hawaiian culture is anyway.  Long story short, because the mexican help had trouble with my order they screwed up on it. I'm not saying that she did it on purpose, what i'm saying is the message got lost in translation.  However their service recovery sucked ass and implied the error was by the consumer. Same thing with the manager, and especially with the fob owner. Simple math could have solved the problem.  The food isn't bad, but the customer should never feel cheated after attempting a resolution. Drive the extra couple of miles to L&L in centennial, you will thank me later.  One last thing, if you were the fob owner, why would you really hire mexicans at your hawaiian bbq?  The only answer i can think of is to save money.  His chicken katsu is smaller, his mahi plates are smaller in portions. It is reasonable to believe, he is dying financially and is on survival mode.  Good luck to renewing your lease and spending all your life savings.~chicken ~1 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~4wsLE3fv9dr2BHbHC51Gig~5 stars purely because of the cult power and following of this place. Its an institution, most of the food is good but steer clear of any of the curries which are too oily because they may not be fresh. Opt for anything that is cream based (such as the butter of Kashmiri chicken). It's also a great place to hang out for some Chai and Pakoras or Samosas which are quite delicious.~butter chicken pakoras ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~eGATQoImdHOO6_A0tepo6g~Decided it was time for a half-pound burger, had their bacon burger which was very good.  Not a real fan of the ambience and might stop by here on occasion.~burger bacon burger ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~7-Fdkgxd0Ld6QdMuXJp4jQ~Honey bears is damn good food.  Don't expect anything fancy, just some of the best dang meats and sides you can get in Phoenix.  Highly recommend the chicken or brisket and you can't go wrong with the Mac and cheese or cowbro beans.~honey chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~JCxDI6rfWGiNB98aPGMrww~Really overpriced.   Without the view, this restaurant would not make it.  I don't mind paying for an expensive meal, but it was barely above average.  My wife ordered salmon cooked well and it was raw in the middle.   My rib eye was over $50 and it was very average with a lot of extra fat.   Table of 8 and too noisy to talk across to the other side of the  table.   Go for one very expensive drink at sunset and then find another restaurant for dinner.~salmon ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6p65cIk7iwufzbHqWYAcNQ~You can't go wrong with what you order, but at least once you have to try their "Big Ass Burger". What more can you say when ordering a "Big Ass Burger".  An enormous juicy seasoned all meat patty stacked high garnished with the freshest tomato, lettuce and onion with optional bacon, cheese and  a hot pepper on a toasted bun. It is served with fresh cut french fries. You can also substitute with their famous green chili macaroni and cheese. It is such a hit item on the happy hour menu, that they added it to the main dining room menu.  The bar fills up so fast so early so you still have the option to order the burger in the dining room.  If you get a chance to sit at the bar you can try the homemade beef jerky while you wait.~burger burger patty tomato lettuce onion bacon cheese french fries ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~bviZWgEb1xjsMBtUutwxWQ~Ohhhhhh yeahhhh!! Now THIS is the real deal, none of that artificial stuff you get at other places (New York Fries Butter Chicken anyone?) I came here with a rather large group, probably about 15 of us? Yeah, we couldn't all sit down but nobody cared because the food was just mmm mmm good. The service was quick and friendly, and the place was small but cozy. The place kind of has a Chinese Fast Food Restaurant feel to it, except with much yummier food.  The nahn bread was huge!  The butter chicken was delish, and they even had those orange thingies.... the super sweet desserts that kind of look like little funnel cakes, THAT got me excited, not because of the sugar high, but because they're not that easy to find in Toronto if you don't know where to look, and especially if you don't know what they're called. I always called it "that-super-sweet-swiggly-orange-thing-that-tastes-like-honey!" I got my first taste at my Indian friend's wedding (home-cooked indian food ftw) and have been hooked ever since. I also like that you can actually see your food before they scoop it on to your plate.~fries butter chicken butter chicken desserts honey ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~J98xyEeiM-cYtSnwkHeprA~We had an awesome lunch here today. We had the Lobster Bisque Fries and a Bloody Mary (reported to be a couple of their specialties) and they were both extremely good. We also had the lunch special Sockeye salmon (my husband had it blackened and I had the sweet soy) and we both loved it. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Our server, Brett, was super nice and personable and we had a great time! We will definitely be going back for dinner soon!~fries salmon salmon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~X3sox-pfzzZGwQgV50PDgw~Always a great job! Chef McGrath designed an outstanding menu and I am so glad they kept their core dishes like the Big Ass Burger and Green Chili Mac and Cheese! Staff is outstanding and fantastic service! This is how I wanted to celebrate my 7th cancer free year with my family.~burger mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~LD-_8elbevTL1dxxMgPNsA~I used to love this place. The service was always so-so but the food rocked. Today I was running late downtown and starving. I stopped at 2:10 pm. I was not happy. My chicken was semi- warm. My fries were burnt so bad they crunched. If I wasn't in a hurry I would of asked to have new ones. All of this cost $11.36 with drink. Man what a let down. I am ok with cost if I get a good meal but this wasn't even close. Yuck! I hope this is just a fluke.~chicken fries ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-mvIUYRx7pK_0Kiy5uZ-kQ~Recommended by Sheraton hotel staff this was a welcome surprise. The BBQ was awesome , i had the chopped beef and it was great. The BBQ sauce was awesome, and the service was very friendly. A definite place to visit when in Pheonix~beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RfJzwXnYwNfzbuo0Eusevg~Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Good.  If I didnt believe 5 starts gets overused, id do it.  I had ZERO complaints.  We went for Happy hour and had Tortilla Soup, Kettle Green Chile Pork and the Big Ass Burger along with a couple Arnold Palmers.  All for under Awesome food, all of it;...the pork is the shining star here.  Service was great!  Great waitress, and supporting staff as well.  Will be back soon no doubt.~soup pork burger pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nJ6SW47GBufJu7vYJJY1iA~The only dish that was really good was the kettle of green chile pork (four stars).  Everything else was average.   Tried the fondue.  When you dip anything in cheese, it should be good.  I've had much better.  I ordered the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, it was way too salty and had too much bacon that overpowered the dish.  Everyone that tried a bite said if was very "strong".  My husband got the halibut special, it was a little dry.  Friend got the fried chicken, she thought it was ok.  Fried chicken should be golden brown and this was a little over fried.  Other friend ordered the filet mignon medium....came out well done but she said it had a nice flavor even though it was over cooked.  Overall, was expecting more from this place.~pork cheese pork bacon bacon fried chicken ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~zi114HUbE26lkLqI5IhCgw~Las Vegas BUFFET must!   Although i wasn't THAT hungry, i still stuffed my face.  Seafood area is good...the crab legs are a shoo in! That's what getting the 4 stars. Prime rib is pretty good.  The have "world" stations... I pretty much stuck to the basics, everything i knew i was going to eat. Although did try a few new things, so don't hate and say i didn't; the sea bass was dry and so was this Indian chicken--ehh, no bueno. The saut asparagus was hard and burn-y.  Dessert station was pretty good, i had a crepe made, it was okay--the lady sprayed on like half a can of PAM. bleh. The have small cute desserts in sample portions, which is smart! you can try as much as you want.  Coffee ice cream tasted grainy, the chocolate ice cream was far too rich. They could have had a bigger station for fresh fruit.   I would recommend coming here with a full on appetite--you'll know you're getting your money's worth with you have more than 5 plates and +3 desserts!  Get your drank on!~chicken asparagus desserts coffee ice cream ice cream desserts ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~D4U7BP-9L9JC_PIE5XDp1w~Stopped in at Graze for a quick lunch on my way to Devil's Lake State Park. I know L'Etoile gets all the praise but the restaurant is only open for dinner..  I was a little surprised (and skeptical) that the menu had so many Asian-inspired dishes but ordered an assortment to "graze" on anyways. Tried the pork buns, cheese curds, pretzel, and bibimbap.   The pork buns were unimpressive. The buns were a little too steamy at wet and the pork belly was just okay. I will definitely reserve my pork bun ordering for a Chinese restaurant. The cheese curds were good but I'd still prefer the curds from the WI State Fair any day. The pretzel was decent but the real star would have to be the assorted dipping sauces -- several types of mustard and cheese. As for the bibimbap (the dish I was most skeptical about).. it was actually pretty darn good. It contained Korean BBQ pork, a generous portion of assorted veggies (which I appreciated), and an egg. BUT the best part of the bowl were the surprise little cubes of crispy rice. It added a nice touch of crispiness that I've never before experienced in a bowl of bibimbap. Definitely a pleasant surprise.~pork cheese pork pork pork cheese cheese bbq pork ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~2uaOMdq4yNQtQsePhW-tLw~I'm not a buffet person. In fact, I don't usually seek them out (with the exception of an occasional visit to my local neighborhood soup plantation). Moreover, I'm typically the person who shoots down the suggestion. However, my group of nine were recovering from hangovers and dying of hunger at the Encore Beach club. After a night of binge drinking, we could definitely use a banquet style buffet. Which is exactly what was provided by The Wynn.   Price - It's about $40 per person. Pricey for say a buffet, but really, I thought the food was really good. Roll the highlight wheel:   - Eggs Benedict was delish  - Pork sliders with slaw on cornbread  - Prime Rib  - Prosciutto and cheese station  - Omelet station  - Coffee Ice Cream - actually all the desserts were really delish  - Raw bar   I didn't care for the Sushi bar or any of the quiche. And I love quiche. But I just wasn't crazy about it. They're regular breakfast stuff wasn't that great either. But overall, I would definitely recommend this buffet and would definitely go back.~soup eggs benedict pork cheese coffee ice cream desserts sushi ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~0cXfPxX_7s-Yl_7DFOOcyw~Two words: Cheese Curds! The BEST in Madison... Vodka battered, cooked to perfection and served with a delicious ranch.  If you go there! Get them! Service was also great and even though we sat in a corner spot, the ambiance and view was amazing!~cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~njquc2e1v0hTfPHpstn4sA~I am still thinking about the miso-glazed salmon, and we dined there four days ago . . .   I am the kind of person who bases my reviews of a restaurant not only on the food, but the ambiance, and pretty much weigh them equally when determining my rating. Elements satisfied both those categories and more.   Just driving up to the Sanctuary where you are greeted by friendly valets makes you feel special. They ask if you have been there before and wish you a great time, telling you you'll have a special evening. Maybe that puts everyone in a positive frame of mind to begin with. The restaurant itself is striking. We arrived just as the sun was setting. We walked out on the deck/patio and watched for a few minutes. At the same time we were able to see the spectacular pool and grounds of the resort as well as the lively goings on on the deck. Everyone looked like they were having the best time! This is definitely the place to go for just drinks!   We made our reservation with Open Table. When Elements called to confirm, I asked for a booth with a great view, and that is exactly what we received. Our waiter was enthusiastic, but not over the top. We asked a lot of questions about menu items and he offered his suggestions. He was patient with my needing more time to decide, and he was not confounded when I asked him which entree was a better choice, when clearly I asked him to compare apples and oranges. Usually, I get the answer, "which do you prefer, beef or fish?" I like a waiter who is confident in manner and trusts that in either instance I will have a great meal so he's not afraid to give a direct answer.   On to the food . . . hubby had the Island Creek oysters and the elemental soup which was lobster bisque with corn. He thought the oysters were just perfect and the soup, which he didn't even offer me a spoonful, perfection. My cousin had the spinach and frisee salad, which she thought was so clean and fresh. I ordered the dungeness crab and spinach hot pie for the table to share. It came with perfectly seasoned taro chips. The "hot pie" was rich and creamy. One bite would cover Weight Watchers points for an entire day! Needless to say, we scooped up every bite with the taro chips and then used the spoon to polish off every last bit of it!   Hubby had the bacon wrapped filet of beef with garlic mash, blue cheese, balsamic onions, merlot demi glace. I did get a bite of his filet, and it melted in my mouth. Hubby said the combined flavors of the beef with the garlic, blue cheese and balsamic onions were superb. My cousin had the duck. She had a hard time making up her mind, but said that she definitely made the right choice. She was so happy. I can't speak to the dish myself since I didn't have a taste. I ordered the miso glazed organic salmon with skillet roasted vegetables, somen noodles, toasted coriander. I generally do not order salmon in restaurants as my hubby makes the best salmon around, but since our waiter said that they were known for this dish, I went for it. Wow! Perfectly cooked (I think this might be a first for a restaurant in my experience)! It far surpassed hubby's version (sorry :( ) Everything about this dish was top notch. As I said above . . . I'm still savoring it in my mind.   We opted to skip dessert, but they brought the check with three warm 5-spice chocolate chip cookies. Yum!   Elements is now at the top of my list for special occasions, and maybe less than special occasions. Do I really have to wait for another special occasion to go back? Oh, my birthday is in three weeks!!! You'll see me there!~miso salmon oranges beef soup corn soup spinach salad spinach pie taro chips pie taro chips bacon beef garlic cheese beef garlic cheese miso salmon salmon salmon chocolate chip cookies ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~f7s4G4_8XbtM4EdTq2_j_Q~PROS: Interesting local-fusion concept, cute interior, decent prices and portions CONS: ?  Funny walking in, ordering the vegetarian bibimbap, and observing that all the fancily-dressed women from different tables ordered exactly the same thing! BBB IS IN! This spot is hip, cute, packed with a lot of young urbanites and...slightly yuppy?  I thoroughly enjoyed the chef's choice cheese platter appetizer that we ordered, as well as my non-classic Graze-ian bibimbap, which had little crispy cubes of rice -- rather interesting and innovative take on achieving the clay-pot crispy rice feel of traditional Korean bibimbap. I look forward to coming back!~cheese ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~o3WqQ61pzY7XhV5Ofo92lQ~We got the groupon which equalled a 50% discount. Good deal right? Sure, but when it came time to choose sides, they had some bullshit rules so you can only get 3 different sides even though they're giving you 6 total large and small containers. Why? Stupid policy, especially for an introductory offer.   The staff is rude, uppity, and difficult to understand. The cashier seemed like a very unhappy person and made ordering a chore. I mean really, how hard is it to stay in mac n cheese. And if we cant choose sweet potato fries as a side, then don't call it a side. But what I really thought was classy was when we picked up our food after our number was blurted out. Three employees stood there and ignored us as we checked our order and made our way out of the "restaurant."  The food would have to be ambrosia for us to make the trek here again. And it wasn't. The food was ok. I will never go back to this location. Period. May try the Tempe location but will stick with Lucille's. Sorry I strayed girl.  ***Thank you Anna for the professional response. I appreciate that.~cheese sweet potato ~2 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~EqXB-WXTM4Z7os7v290hfQ~Oven + Vine is a fabulous new addition to the Phoenix dining scene.  It's tucked away in a renovated 1940's house, and totally worth seeking out... I did so last weekend on a date night with my husband and we had a lovely meal.  They don't take reservations, so I was nervous that on a Saturday night, there would be a wait... Luckily, that wasn't the case.  We were welcomed by several staff members and told to sit down where ever we wanted.  I loved the warm but casual vibe.    Austin was our server and was attentive and patient as we mulled over the menu and decided what to order... We ended up staring off with a bottle of the "Force of Nature" red wine and put in an order for the burrata, roasted mushrooms, and seasonal vegetable starters.  It was a gorgeous evening, so we took our glasses of wine outside and played a few games of cornhole before the food arrived.  (I won by the way!)  Love that they have a gorgeous patio, bar, lawn games, etc...  We then headed back in and enjoyed all of our starters and then ended up ordering the Green Chili Chicken with potatoes as an entree to share.  It's worth noting that the burrata, mushrooms, and chicken all come with bread, and the bread is homemade and very addictive.  Needless to say we had more than enough food!  We look forward to returning to this moderately priced, locally owned establishment, perhaps for brunch or lunch sometime.  Or even just for a charcuterie board, bottle of wine, and another game of cornhole!~date mushrooms chicken mushrooms chicken ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~5hXkIhkhibP2ePpw-HRAcQ~I chose Elements for my birthday because it was rated one of 50 restaurants with the best views in the world.  We set our reservation for 5:15 so not to miss the sunset.  We were a party of 5.  Our menus were customized with the birthday celebrants, which added a nice touch to our experience.  First and foremost, we had the best service!  It was so amazing that I told the manager upon leaving how great it was.    Here's what we ordered: Blistered shishito peppers Foie gras panna cotta Maine lobster udon Miso glazed salmon Kurobuta pork chop Hoisin braised short ribs Salted caramel cheesecake S'mores  AMAZING!!!!!!!!!~miso salmon pork ribs caramel ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~cDFlr8McPr58vz7GLz94Dg~This was my second visit. They hit all the right notes. Sunset and view lived up to my expectations. Our server was spot on. Everyone thought the meal was great. I had fresh  cold oysters. We had Sea Bass, filet mignon, and salmon. All perfectly prepared and plated. Was an elegant evening.~salmon ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5FkyHcFprq6X-Z6tJ4Wd6g~We came for dinner around 4-5pm and didn't have to wait :)  Not sure if I like the decor...was hoping for a more grand feel rather than a tea party theme....Felt like I was in the Bahamas...maybe would have been better for breakfast...  The crab legs were delicious!  As was the caesar salad - you can add more lettuce should you find there's too much dressing in the premixed!  The pasta was also quite yums and the lambchops too!  Its quite a spectacular buffet.  A little disappointed in the desserts -  was hoping for some yummy ice cream (used to the wide variety of flavours found at Chinese buffets in Toronto).  Dessert @ Spice Market was better - but sadly, who can really eat dessert after all that food?~tea salad lettuce pasta desserts ice cream ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~USEmM4TYe3ATD2aJw85VMg~I went here with a friend because she couldn't stop raving about the salad and roasted veggies. I ended up ordering the margarita flat bread. It was so good I finished it all!  We also ordered the chocolate torte for dessert. Words couldn't describe how good it tasted! It was a smooth texture with the perfect volume of chocolate flavor.  Everything was plus except for the noise level.  It was hard to hear the person across the table.  You get use to it after a while.~salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~7mgGlOUyrYya9ZTmax9LPA~Been wanting to try this and it is pretty darn good!!  I had the Bibimbap and wifey had the Signature Grave burger. Both outstanding. Would happily eat both again. Service was great too.  Only downside was the drinks. Had a craft cocktail and wasn't thrilled with it. Next time I might be as adventurous in that dept.   It's worth a trip here~burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VdimmuKGaX0HY5Imdf8Spw~Best Happy Hour in town!! The Green Pork Chili with the Hot Buttered Tortillas is quintessential Southwestern eating.  And the Huckleberry Margaritas are a must...$5 at HH!  The best deal is the Big Ass Burger, enough for two.    Sunday and Monday are the best days to go because it's all day Happy Hour so no crazy crowds!~pork tortillas burger ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~aGwesWM3BCK6qpMTbsIfLw~Had a wonderful lunch here with GREAT cocktails. The atmosphere is serene, service nice and my salad was fresh and light. Can't wait it try dinner!~salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~RrJQ98DeGNQkM0yvtI-YXQ~Peaceful, beautiful setting.  Great staff.  Totally delicious.  Inventive, locally sourced, healthy - yum!  Has everything you could want including the best cheese curds and fried pickles.  Best food in Madison!~cheese fried pickles ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~zFvAPuUzX3eBHAnLy7M3fA~I wanted to like this place...it's not far from my work, it's a cool, huge, space, and one time a guy with a lobster megaphone heckled me as I got into my car after work and it was kind of endearing.  Also, I'm a huge fan of all food under the sea.  But it just hasn't quite figured out what it wants to be.    The premade caesar salad, fresh out of the cooler with the dressing on the side, and the servers in shorts and sneakers makes it seem like a casual bar place (no liquor license though...be warned!  Bring your own, or they'll let you bring something from across the street).    The prices of the (limited) entrees (all over $20) and the super-over-attentive service makes it seem like it's aiming for fine dining.  And then there's the loud top 40 music and the big projection on the wall of music trivia, like you're watching the comcast "today's hits" music channel, which makes it seem like a nightclub.  Yeah, I'm baffled.  The fish entrees were fresh and delicious (although portions were too much...maybe cut the price AND the size?) and we had some incredible cheesecake.  Everyone was so nice and the place was so empty and really, I'd love for them to succeed.  But unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back.~salad ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mOXvmR4tZ3sYz89w8LdBbg~We splurged and decided to try Graze after wandering around the square in search of somewhere to eat on Saturday night. It was a 15 minute wait to eat outside, but we sat down immediately inside -- really exciting, as I was ravenous.  Our waitress brought water right away, and returned shortly to ask about drinks. They have a variety of options, which of course completely overwhelmed me, but I went with a ginger martini and my friend with a beer (both pretty reasonably priced). They have wine on tap, which is interesting -- I'll definitely try that next time.  My friend got the Graze burger and fries, and I got macaroni and cheese with pulled pork.  Pulled pork usually doesn't do it for me, but I branched out and tried it. Usually, after awhile, every plate of food coming towards our table gets my hungry hopes up as I wonder where my food is; at Graze, our food came before I even started looking for it. The dish small (expected, as it is an appetizer), but perfectly filling. Made with Hooks 10 year cheddar, the noodles were covered in liquidy cheesy goodness. With the tender pulled pork on top, it was very hard not to inhale it. I love cheese, and you could tell that it was really good cheese. One thing -- it was slightly, just a little bit, maybe too salty. I don't know if it came from the meat or the cheese, and it didn't stop me from eating every last noodle, but it did cross my mind.  We didn't get dessert (unfortunately), but our waitress did not make us feel rushed in any way. As a waitress, I know table-lingerers suck, especially when the bill isn't very expensive. She just refilled our waters and smiled.  I love the big windows and the bar area.~ginger burger fries macaroni and cheese ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~aUYFdcJMej1jgMPdBg1SZQ~Love, love, love this place!  We went there on sunday 3.30 PM, crowded. Met Luke's father while we wait to be seated. He let us in (me and my daughters) so we could sit in front of this beautiful fish tank and enjoyed the view.  Drew, our server, was very very friendly and attentive. Apparently he likes the same band as my husband does. After knowing this fact, they talked as if they were a long lost brother. Lol.  We had lobster bisque fries, perfect! Salmon sashimi and oysters, fresh! And oh my god their steel city lobster roll, was insane! To my taste, it was even more delicious than the infamous lobster roll in lobster shack.  Would definitely be back here! Will have to try their sushi and desserts!~fries salmon lobster roll lobster roll sushi desserts ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZVXUayw24KMa9jTAFKC1CQ~My wife had a delicious waffle as part of their take on chicken and waffles. This was by far the best waffle I've had state side. My Mac and cheese was good. For appetizers we had tasty fried cheese curds. Their deviled eggs were ok. I like my yolkes thick with a bit of chunk, these were smooth. Not what I was looking for but for $3 they were pretty good. The price vs food quality, atmosphere, and service ratio was great and earned these folks a 4. Their outdoor patio overlooking the capitol didn't hurt either.~waffle chicken and waffles waffle mac and cheese ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~GtYL1j5hV0zWGqn6iQCv2g~Jumbo bay shrimp appetizer - YES California roll - not so much Ahi Tuna, wasabi mashed potatoes and asparagus - Yep Crab stuffed salmon, country potatoes and baby bok choy - Yes  Table chat with Robert Wholey - loved it Owner Luke stopped by the table to see how our experience was - much appreciated  Waitress service - below par  Decor a little eclectic, but somehow doesn't work.~shrimp california roll tuna asparagus salmon ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~kAYYuA4VA5Ch6PBgFKfZPQ~As advertised: fresh and very good. Roasted vegetable app was prepared well. Vegetables crisp and well seasoned. Aoli was excellently tart to accentuate the veggies. Bibimbop was great. Fried rice stop were a nice modification and provided a good crunch along with the veggies. I got the spicy pork which added a nice heat. Will come back when in town again!~fried rice pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~f9awwOu-8Vm-PQrsY6fJlQ~Grab your AARP card before grabbing a bite at the RF. We used to frequent the RF previous to McGrath selling it. Back so far to the original on Camelback. I miss the RF back in the day. Now the happy hour crowd is blue haired snow birds eating free bread & yapping relentlessly about politics & foods they can't eat anymore. The food portions are smaller & bland (minus the Big ASS burger). The martini glasses are a joke in size and the service sitting at the bar was SLOW. If I were a day older I'm afraid I'd die just waiting for the food. Very disappointed from start to finish. We miss you at the RF Robert. Insert sad faces all around.~burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~uLy29dh-4GFz-RylBeYZWg~Two words: Pub.Burger. And truffle popcorn. Okay...five words. These are my favorites - and the things I've had most often at Graze. But I've also been there with friends who've raved about the chicken and waffles and the bibimbop and the mussels. It's one of those places where you always have entree envy - even though what's on your own plate is perfectly wonderful.  I also love the ambience at Graze - led by that breathtaking view of the capitol. It's gorgeous in winter, when it gets dark early and the leaves are off the trees - so you see it in all its lit-up glory. And just as pretty in the golden twilight of summer, sipping a craft cocktail and dining al fresco.   It's one of my favorite late-night spots, too. Many's the time I've had a cocktail and curds after a show at the Bartell. They always taste sssooooooo good.   What else? Oh, yes - the service is always great. I've never encountered a server who wasn't totally on his or her game. They're attentive and friendly - and they know the menu. You can't ask for more than that.  Graze is always a place I enjoy returning to.~popcorn chicken and waffles ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n7tMZjqu3pmHwt724EbZyg~Full disclosure - I usually do not take the time to write reviews.   But this was a Yelp classic.  We hit the Roaring Fork happy hour and sat outdoors on the patio. (Note:  The patio is first-come-first served.  We waited about 10 minutes)   I followed the recommendations to the letter - Signature Margarita, Green Chile Pork (with yummy tortillas) and Big Ass Burger.  Then I went off the reservation and had a Guava Mojito (yes, that is correct.)  Everything was fantastic.  Two of use ate and drank freely for under $40!    Next time we are going to eat indoors - because just as we were leaving they brought out a 20 oz. bone-in rib-eye to the table next to us.  It looked fantastic and had a mountain of asparagus on the side.   We found this place on Yelp, followed the Foodie instructions, and it was a home-run.  We visit Scottsdale about 5 times and year and this will be new stop on the tour.~pork tortillas burger guava asparagus ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JnH-h8uxf0r0XdJuIvKDAQ~There are a few things that should not be in a buffet.  Fish, for example, tastes horrible at a buffet.  Barbecued veal, which sounds like a bad idea already, tastes awful and has the texture of poorly cooked octopus tentacles in a buffet.  Desserts that have been sitting out for who knows how long, taste a bit like meat, but not like dessert.    The lamb steaks were quite good though, and I did like their creme brulee, and they sure did know how to keep the coffee coming.    Unfortunately, I really can't say much else here, except that I'm convinced that I don't want to go to another Las Vegas buffet.~desserts lamb steaks coffee ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~WCC54NUOZCcXhX8VZza4Cw~Great BBQ sandwich for a decent price. The side of beans are amazing,  as are the sweet potato fries! Definitely will be returning.~sandwich sweet potato ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~28Kit1lRd4gKGD3jHVuhUQ~Four of us went to the Wild Alaskan Grille last weekend.  Weather was perfect, doors to the Strip were open, table was large and high.  Started with cocktails, Angry Orchard - yum.  Appetizers were great, with quite large portions.  I had the swordfish with new potatoes and cabbage - what a perfect and unusual combination - loved it.  The show stopper, however, was the shrimp & scallops...  I for sure had scallop envy!  Our server, Troy, was excellent, happy and attentive.  Fellow patrons were an ecclectic lot - we were jeans casual, neighbors to the right were full out-on-the-town diamonds and pearls and to the left were a family of cyclists... complete with Papa wearing silver racing shorts.  Two take aways:  Scallop envy can be fixed.  Bicycle shorts should only come in black.~appetizers cabbage shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~e4q72v0OhfRqUlr0BOG1Rg~Just don't know how to put into words how amazing that Steel City Lobster roll was at Luke Wholey's.  Instead of the lobster sitting in basic mayo with some cole slaw on a hot dog roll...this takes huge lobster pieces sauteed in butter and sits them on a hoagie roll - and, hold on, covers this with a generous ladle of lobster bisque.  Ok, sounds like a mistake - but oh my lord.  I wasn't that hungry at the time but I ate every last bit using that roll to soak up every last bit of bisque.  Homemade fries also helped to soak up that bisque.  So so good!~lobster roll hot dog butter fries ~5 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~WsvX6aelOOMFXRjVBRxxqg~Stopped in here recently for lunch - Oven and Vine sits behind my absolutely favorite coffee place (Shine).  My connection was coincidental, as I'm involve with a t-shirt business, and Dylan the owner had come by for some t-shirts recently.  During conversation, I realized that Dylan used to run Portland's restaurant on 1st and Portland, which closed a while back.  That was a posh high end place that made for an awesome setting for business lunches.  Oven and Vine is a different vibe altogether, and I love it.  Much more approachable in a come as you are kind of way, and very friendly and easy going.  The menu is short and sweet, but has a good variety.  I was in for a light lunch, so ordered the Italian Salad, and another buddy ordered the green chili chicken.  The salad was awesome!  And the lunch buddy said the green chili chicken was as well.  Great place to hang out - good casual laid back vibe, of a seat yourself and get comfortable sort.  And I love the venue and location - I'm really drawn in by this historic estate pool house and long house setup that houses both Shine and Oven and Vine.  Highly recommended!  And you have to keep in mind this is all happening in a long house of a long-gone historic estate.~coffee salad chicken salad chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~gLHSdK0NiNw7fRFLat0rUA~Definitely the best buffet I've had in a while. The place was really well-done, with huge Willy Wonka flower/fruit arrangements all around. Cheery colors and everything looked spotlessly clean. Huge selection of buffet items and most of it was good enough for seconds..or thirds. Sea bass was actually well crusted and really flavorful, so probably one of the few few times I've liked fish at a buffet. I kept going back for the rack of lamb, which was nicely seasoned and cooked to a pink perfectness. Sushi was the only FAIL, but really, you can't expect good or even decent sushi from a buffet ever. I also really liked the crab legs. HUGE suckahs and they weren't too salty from the brining. Dessert aisles were amazing! Tiramisu was the highlight in a cute little glass, but the creme brulee and the caramel rice pudding (weird combo, but it somehow worked) were good also. Ice tea was really tasty, perfumey and refreshing. I kept thinking about it for the thirsty days we were in LV.  Only drawback was that we were basically told to leave by the waitress since they needed our table for a big group, so dinging them for a star. We were definitely willing to do so, but she hung around and kept dropping not-so-subtle hints about how we should go have a good night...~lamb sushi sushi caramel rice pudding tea ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~HgVsc349JviU5gwwzEjiFw~Lovely setting, very good brunches & lunches, but after 5-6 times over the last few years, it's clear the Graze cooks just can't prepare a good dinner. Excellent ingredients but consistently put together in ways that don't work - the food just tastes 'blah' and this has been noted by numerous people I've hosted. In addition, the three Pub Burgers we ordered last night were all *very* well done despite requests for two mediums and one medium rare. I usually order 'well done' but have been trying to train myself to like medium burgers and the one I got was like a hockey puck wrapped in hay. The cooks should visit Dotty Dumpling's Dowry to learn how to cook a burger to order.~burgers burgers burger ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NNZGH9zc4pyEHuHCfZ7pdQ~Honey Bears was one of my first restaurant meals in Phoenix, as I was brought here by a buddy who worked downtown and who moved here from Cali a year before I did. He was raving about it and I thought, "Well, I like BBQ. Actually, l like BBQ a LOT. Let's go!"  And, so...well...Honey Bears is what it is. A low-key BBQ joint where you can get your mess on. Decent sandwiches (chicken, brisket, etc.) and BBQ sauce - but I was thinking this was going to knock me backwards with how good it was where in reality it was just, "Well, I'd definitely eat here again, but ain't rushing to do it." The patronage can be, uh, "colorful" and "interesting" at times, especially the later at night you go (not that I have anything against people talking to themselves).  But I do appreciate that it's still there, a stalwart against all the crazy development happening around it. For those folks not living in $1 million condos on Central, they still need a place to go, eat, and drip BBQ sauce on their office clothes with not a care in the world.  3 stars.~honey honey sandwiches chicken ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~qat2pM3OpUkJFQdUZuZLPw~Oh I don't know what the big deal is. OMG!...people scream at me...you HAVE to eat at Honey Bears. It is soooo good. So I go. Hmmm...WTF. I order a pork sandwich, side o slaw and side o potato salad. Sandwich came with all the s.o.s. which on one hand is good cuz otherwise the bun would fall apart like my Aunt Helen did when I told her I was a homo. But the meat suffers from not "marinating" in said sauce. Slaw was passable but the potato salad had that weird store bought, vinegary, mustardy, icky poo cocka flavor. Ya'll know what I mean! I guess I'll just have to wait til I hang with the inlaws in San Antonio cuz then we always go to Bill Miller BBQ and sistahs let me tell you Mr. Miller knows BBQ!~honey pork sandwich potato salad ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~l62CMl-45jmxy0GMdvvnXA~We were in Madison for a night and wanted to find a place near the capital to eat and came upon Graze. It was a cold Monday night but the place was packed. We had an amazing view of the capital all lit up.   For starters we got the fresh bread basket and a small order of cheese curds. The bread was good, especially the french bread. The cheese curds were excellent, not greasy. For the main course we ordered the chicken and waffles and the beef pub burger. The chicken and waffles were very good. The pub burger was OK. The bun for the burger was an english muffin which was a bit strange. Because of this the burger didn't taste as juicy as it should have. It would have been better on most any other type of bun.~cheese cheese chicken and waffles beef burger chicken and waffles burger burger burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~sjpOx-4xuGCvF7n83_Z6Jg~I am not a fan. We waited on a line with no signage telling us anything about the buffet. All the food was overly caloric, greasy and COLD!   My friend and I spent $22 each to have tea.~tea ~1 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~4y8luo4WjGxn_hSEcQGLLg~Small little place in a strip mall with good food and friendly service.  The teri beef is tender and has a good flavor evident from true a true overnight marinade.  Most places will not properly marinate resulting in more or a bland flavor.  The Saimin noodles is probably the best in the valley at a Hawaiian joint.  Flavorful soup base and tender ramen noodles.  I fancy the B-1 mixed plate - hamburger steak/teri beef/curry~beef soup ramen noodles hamburger steak beef ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~_wM4SX7-wdZ98lr-YV9iJA~Good food, was here for a work lunch. I had the Miso Salmon Bento Box and it was delicious along with the Cucumber Salad. The prices aren't outrageous for lunches and they didn't appear to be busy so you can get in and get a table.   Views are amazing.~miso salmon cucumber salad ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~4793SnzMBDC2-hPgqkN_lw~Great food, great service, and great atmosphere. On 12/27/16 went after TSO show at PPG Paints Arena. So easy to get to, parking was not an issue, and we were seated right away.  Drink selections were plentiful for people like me who don't like beer - the cranberry mule was so good that I had two!  Captain crunch sushi roll was an incredible mix of crunch and spice and we loved it as an appetizer. My husband got the Mahi Mahi and I ordered the shrimp volcano. Both were excellent.  We will definitely be back for more. Thank you Wholey's!~cranberry sushi shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~wdj7RUETi_lNPvbkh1UaBw~We have been in going to the strip for most of the last decade after relocating to Pittsburgh.  We enjoyed many food haunts over the years and eyed with a little skepticism Luke's new restaurant when it opened a few years ago.  The fish wholesalers taking a gamble at a restaurant?  We gave it a shot and loved it...6 visits ago!  Our latest visit was this past Saturday.  We returned hoping to find the upscale casual comfort we found before and were served that from the moment we walked in the door.  The staff made us feel very welcome with witty banter and quick service.  The whole restaurant smacked of enjoyment as we witnessed most tables full of folks enjoying beers, wine and some of their meal in a glass bloody marys.  Mind you, this was only 12:30pm!  This place has a way of making you want to enjoy MORE.  We went with iced tea and sodas as we had our daughters in tow.  Sweet tea was not on the menu but our excellent server Brian took the unsweet and delivered it with a little simple sugar to my wife to make it so.  The bisque was excellent and paired well with a side salad with lemon vinaigrette.  Enough of that starter stuff... The crab cake was very good.  If you know what a good one is supposed to be like, I don't need to explain further. In fact, I wont.  We also enjoyed the salmon club special along with our daughter ordering her regular favorite, the shrimp po'boy buffalo style and the other a salmon club special.   Note:  when ordering avocado, you get most of an avocado. Yep.  Something finally worth the up-charge in the restaurant world.  Look, the food was very enjoyable. The only thing better was the service.  Excellent and unimposing service.  While it has been a few months since we have been here, our last trip will make this destination a certain stop on our Strip District railway journey again sometime soon!  Well done Luke and the team!~tea tea salad lemon crab cake ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~zpCvW9oyNSc80s-te4Ws8w~You know. I really don't have much to say about this place that is bad. I've been there a number of times and have also had their catering.  Their beans are very good. Slightly sweet with the right amount of spice. Hot links are spot on. Pulled beef and pork sandwiches are good, but the meat could be more tender. I am very picky about my potato salad, but theirs isn't bad.~beef pork sandwiches potato salad ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~kj_6TFrPGnx7aRXWTmfQwA~Went there with my girlfriend for what I thought would be good bbq. She ordered the half chicken and I got a pulled pork sandwich.  Not only did her chicken come out pink and bleeding once but it happened twice. When I told them the first time the cashier said, "we usually have good food." So it's okay to serve bad food too? He asked how the chicken was when he was bringing in the chairs from outside and we said the same,  still pink and bleeding. All he said was oh okay and walked away. I didn't even eat my sandwich because if they couldn't cook chicken right why should I trust them to cook the pork correctly? When I went to the front to talk with them they all disappeared.  Never would I think about going back and spend my money there again.~chicken pulled pork ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~BTdzAoVXyoh_pQhixjZc4g~I've previously rated the Wynn buffet very highly and have previously had highly enjoyable meals here, but this years experience has unfortunately forced me to downgrade my rating.  1) They appear to be creating artificial queuing / waiting for some reason. I went on a Sunday night expecting it to be reasonably quiet, and yet we had to queue for 30-45 minutes. I was very annoyed when we finally were seated to see that so many tables were empty and clean (without word of exaggeration, 50-60% of tables were free) yet staff were forcing patrons to wait for long periods of time after paying, to be shown to a table.  2) The drinks service was terrible. We had an old miserable lady serve us, who clearly did not enjoy her job or want to be there. While I don't expect minimum wage staff at buffets to always be full of the joys of spring, if I am going to eat at one of the most high end and top priced buffets in Las Vegas, I expect them to be able to employ staff that can get a single drink order right, and actually bring you more than one coffee in an hour and a half period.   3) What has happened to the food? While the quality is still fairly high, the problem I was having, was trying to find enough items to group together to resemble some sort of meal consisting of similar items. I have not had this problem in the past at the Wynn and have not had this problem to this extent elsewhere. For example, if you ate at a Chinese restaurant, you might order an appetiser or two, and then for your entre, you might have a Chinese curry, served with lets say egg fried rice. Well at the Wynn buffet, there is no problem with a couple of appetisers, but when it comes to your entre, they don't seem to be serving a curry and a rice dish at the same time, you can have a rice dish and no curry to go with it, or a curry dish and no rice. While this is not the most eloquent example, I am sure you can get my meaning.  So unfortunately Wynn buffet, after making us queue for a long time for no good reason, giving us terrible drinks service and then leaving us a little disappointed with the menu selection, I'm afraid we can no longer justify paying the premium price for a buffet that we no longer feel fits into the premium category~coffee egg fried rice ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~30_hnoUAVmXa0hdxzDENyQ~Walked in and loved the ambience. Didn't make reservation but was seated quickly. Service was great and friendly. Ordered queso con puerco for appetizer and it was mouth watering, would highly recommend. Fianc ordered the big ass burger and I ordered the bacon wrapped tenderloin and both were delicious. Pretty much all food was great. Would definitely come back with friends.~burger bacon ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~8sjbGj2Ye7gzE2q4Y_2zpA~I consider this more of a 3.5 star restaurant, but gave it 4 stars due to good value and a strong effort to provide quality food and service.  Came here on a Saturday evening as I heard they had very good food.  Had the avocado salad as a starter (excellent, simple and fresh with great pickled onions and simple oil and vinegar dressing).  Also had the mashed potato balls stuffed with ground beef - nothing special as the texture was uninteresting and the flavor was mild and underseasoned.  Cuban sandwich was excellent and ropa viejo was very good, with good beans and rice.  Chorizo sandwich and Boliche looked interesting, may try on a future visit.  Finished the meal with the tres leches cake, a little different than the standard spongy cake soaked in sweet milk (more like a layer cake here with tres leches pudding) but very good.  Service was friendly and efficient, and decor was ok, nicer than one would expect from the outside, in a very unremarkable strip mall.  Overall very good, a bit out of the way, but worth the trip for something good and interesting.~avocado salad mashed potato ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~qdINS_z1jPiOPDRvqZpENg~I judge buffets by how willing I am to pay their price to eat my fill and feel disgusting later (who learns from their mistakes anyways?). And no one in my family felt like the $49.95 each was worth the aftermath.   We came unknowingly during their holiday schedule pricing, which meant that they had two time segments: pre-1pm at $39.95, and $49.95 for everyone afterwards (adult pricing). At a 1.5 hour wait, it wasn't as bad as it could have been and we got in around 3pm. But because The Buffet has been rated consistently in the top Vegas buffets, our expectations were way higher. My family also lived in Vegas during the reign of the Rio buffet - where are the days of $30 for unlimited lobster tail?  The seating and atmosphere seems pretty and spacious enough. Soft drinks, juice, and drip coffee are included with your meal. At an additional $16, you can get all you can drink beer and wine from the options provided.   Alright, food: The Good - Sea bass, game hen, prime rib - Surprisingly, the Asian section (try their BBQ pork buns) - Desserts (Crepes made to order! Gelato! Cakes! Cookies! Panna cotta! Fruit! But sadly no creme brulee...) - Restocking happened fairly quickly  The Disappointments - Skinny crab legs (they're cut in half for convenience, but would be scrawny even when whole) and a small seafood section in general - Ramen noodle bar (What is this tiny bowl? And why don't I get to decide what goes in it?)  - Most of the soups and the crab legs were monstrously salty. Felt like I was being made to eat less and fill up on water.  - Just meh selection in general (international cuisine buuut, no particularly unique dishes of note)  There are bathrooms located behind the dessert area within the buffet which you can frequent without fear of being let back inside. There were only four stalls in the women's bathroom and timing is really everything - you might arrive when it's completely empty or you'll be atoning for your last plate while in line. At least the stall doors have a "Vacant/Occupied" switch so you don't have to peel to see if someone's really behind that door.  For something advertised as a "holiday special", I felt really let down. I'm glad that at least the meal ended on a sweet note with the extensive desserts, but was the meal worth the wait and the price? No. If this is the top tier of Vegas buffets, I'll stick to fine dining in the future. Same price for better quality food and without fearing for your bowels.~coffee bbq pork ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~YpgpUxT9kH7ty3X2eW2yTQ~Came here for dinner with my family for my bday.  Had the filet Mignon with mashed potatoes.  Ordered the steak med-rare and I have to say it was okay.  The steak was a bit firm and it seemed that my husband thought the same about his porter house steak.  I can honestly say that I've had better steak at longhorn and its the same every time I do go there.  But I will say that the big ass burger my son had was delicious!!~steak steak steak steak burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EtSDYPSrFyd8njlU2vA43w~I think the Roaring Fork is the best Southwestern restaurant in the Valley. Not only for the outstanding cuisine, but also for the service. I've never spoken to an aloof idiot hostess on the phone, ever, and that's pretty much my job description (to speak with hostesses, not to deal with idiots... I'm a concierge).   It's rich and delicious, and it happens to have the best burger in town. The bar features lots of delish micro-brews, and the service doesn't disappoint in this section, either.   I'd far prefer going here than Richardson's or Rokerij any damn day of the week.~burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~O46H4qh4h1GDIkjJ-s0w2Q~My co-worker was really nice and went to buy Prairie Girl cupcakes as a mid-day pick me up for all of us. I personally love love love red velvet cupcakes. I had purchased a dozen of the normal sized cupcakes before for my boyfriend's birthday and found that the icing was a bit overwhelming because there was so much of it. I did think the icing was too much and wasn't able to finish it.  However, the mini cupcakes are honestly the perfect size, with the right amount of icing. The presentation of the cupcakes are very classic and pretty.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6OJbZ7vE3VAE5K_aJP0sZQ~I love this place for ever reason. The dcor is beautiful, fresh, and light. The view of the capital is great and it almost feels like you are sitting outside when you are inside because of all of the windows. They have chalkboards with the local produce, meat, and dairy for the week. Love it! I've been there a few times for lunch now and have not been disappointed. The menu is a little eclectic with some America and Asian choices on it. I've played it safe so far, but next time maybe I will mix it up a little!  I've had their grilled cheese with ham and it was hands down the best grilled cheese I have ever had. The caramelized onions and grainy mustard really put it over the top. Last time I had their mac and cheese with kielbasa. It looks like a small portion, but it is extremely filling and rich, I couldn't finish it. Also the best mac and cheese I've ever had... and the sauce on the kielbasa almost had a curry flavor to it which nicely complemented the mounds of cheese I was consuming.  My only complaint - and I know everyone is saying exactly the opposite of me on here - but I think they are far from the best cheese curds I've had in Madison. They might actually be on the bottom of my list. There isn't a ton of flavor and some were even overcooked so all the cheese melted out. Don't hate me, but I'm not a fan of their curds! Order the deviled eggs instead.~cheese cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~x5X_tFFFjWeQYva5gIw5ZQ~Went in 30min before 11am and they were hauling all the breakfast away to prepare for lunch service. Paid breakfast prices to score lunch meal as well. Score. Highlights: Korean BBQ ribs Corn on cob Ceviche Fruit Fried cheese ball Pork & shrimp dumplings Dessert/gelato bar Coffee-strong for those who want a potent wake me up~ribs corn ceviche cheese pork shrimp coffee ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~MlwvF4zb1GRcdA0WKmGGeA~Staff didn't have much of a personality good or bad. I got blackened salmon with rice and vegetables. The food was good, the atmosphere was good as well. Seemed like a good place to get lunch, but not great. Overall I was happy with my experience  and would go back.~salmon ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~85wVLK7Iptx9U1RVM7-YjA~I really enjoyed it. The oysters are incredible! We started with the oyster app and it came with some bonus shrimp. We also had the catfish app that was ok. The garlic bread is a must try. For dinner I had the blackened shrimp and scallops over rice with asparagus and it was incredible! My fiancee had the crab covered salmon and it was pretty good too. I have eaten here twice now and will be back.~shrimp garlic shrimp asparagus salmon ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~6oE1ySuzooXdGo8llPe9SA~This place is da bomb!  This is my go to place whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Great food, great prices, great staff.  And the portions are huge so you'll never leave here hungry.  I've had the ribs, beans, sweet potato fries, and sweet potato pie and they are all great.  Now they just need to open a location in Los Angeles...~ribs sweet potato ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~OZZyCiFJhTltxDbt2uIkBA~I'll start with the positive: Prairie Girl does icing right. I love their seasonal flavours, and vanilla most of all. But their cake? Blah. My husband surprised me with some minis from this location and each cupcake tasted dry and crumbly. I've been to their original location many times and used to think they were fine, but perhaps I've been spoiled by leftover cake from the Wedding Cake Shoppe.  Let's put it this way... each of the three fresh Prairie Girl cupcakes I had were drier and blander than my five weeks frozen, two days refrigerator-defrosted wedding cake.  Well, I suppose that sometimes, cake is just an icing delivery vehicle.~cake cake cake cupcakes cake cake ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~UVEBwRB_Zm2hnRexM9Jegg~i've been here twice and got the lobster roll both times. I am always skeptical of fresh seafood in inland locations but Wholey's does not disappoint. The lobster was fresh and succulent and the bread was buttery and crispy.  The first time I went to Wholey's the owner came out and talked with us. I'm convinced he was trying to set my friend up with his son. And he also asked us to stay a while so that the place would look busy.  The second time I came it was with my sister in law and her mother. Again, he asked us to sit and stay there a while so that the place would look busy. Cheesy, but nice nonetheless. During this occasion we were celebrating my sister in law's new job. It was a Tuesday afternoon and they had $5 fireball shots. Enough said.  The atmosphere is fun, the food is good and this is the go-to restaurant for fresh seafood in Pittsburgh!~lobster roll ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~fIEOEc72kKlcDpepQkyS3g~Their burgers are the best. Have been several times always good. The fried chicken is good but overpriced for what you get~burgers fried chicken ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~nAixaDioVO-qONHHnK3FVQ~Initially I thought that the UNLV area was lacking in good restaurants compared to other parts of town, but that is far from true. With so many university students around, this area caters to students who lack a large sum of money. There were three people in my party and our meal came out to roughly 17 dollars.   They lack a menu board and once you look at the paper copy you will understand why. One of my friends almost cracked and cry under the pressure of finding what he wanted in the vast abyss of options. We had to tell two other groups to go ahead of us and then wing. He ended up getting egg salad and didn't seem too impress or disappointed. Another friend got the manager special, a half sandwich and soup combo. She also seemed satisfied. So you might ask why I gave it such a high rating. The reason, even though their sandwiches are nothing too spectacular, I love their salad bar. Although it is small, the selection of ingredients are high quality. The upkeep of vegetables are spectacular, giving the bar a vibrancy of colors. If  you are in search of a light lunch, you can order a side salad with a friend that is getting a sandwich because it only costs $4.49. Otherwise the $7.49 price is still a great deal for full reign over the whole bar.  When I want a sandwich, I will normally order the quarter turkey muff. This place is full of surprises, because a quarter is still humongous. It consists of a dense New Orleans' style muffaletta bread, topped with an olive tapenade, antipesti, and melted provolone cheese. For $6 and change, that is a steal.~egg salad sandwich soup sandwiches salad salad sandwich sandwich olive cheese ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~m5uSrnhmqhOOxED5nrAyjw~I'm not quite sure exactly how I feel about this place. I took my family (6 ppl) there for my adult sons birthday. The atosphere was great, the decor was very nice, but the service and the food, not so much.  First we had been waiting so long for a table that my family started getting upset that there were families coming after us who were being seated before us and they were just coming in not waiting like we were. It was painfully obvious that the girl running the seating, was very inexperienced and they need someone with more experience.   We were finally seated after about 45 minutes and were really looking forward to having a positive experience. Well, there is always hope.   First the waitress was a bit sloppy and we felt rushed. I use to waitress, you never ever ever rush the people you're waiting on. Then it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks and the only people who recieved water were the people drinking alcohol. There use to be a time that they put in on your table the minute that you sat down.  To make it short and sweet, the food. Waaaay over priced for what you get. The appetizers were just ok. Nothing to get thrilled over. My daughters fish was over cooked, the hawiian rice that it came with was too sweet, there was nothing balancing it out. My sons huge Black & Blue Burger had this little tiny bit of blue cheese on it. My giant baked patato cost over $8 and the toppings were hardly enough for a mini potato. About 5 minutes after I ordered it, I told the waitress that I had changed my mind and she told me that it was too late. Really too late to change my mind on a baked potato? You have got to be kidding me.    I spent almost $200 and left disappointed, that should never happen.~appetizers burger cheese potato baked potato ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~w5d9X6bEucNFv2kg9A_K1A~One of our favorite restaurants here in Scottsdale!  They have a nice southwestern take on a lot of dishes that are recognizable, but I appreciate that Roaring Fork puts their own spin on things.    They offer a lovely bread basket with hot rolls and mini cornbread muffins with soft, whipped butter--a nice way to start of the meal.  We haven't tried a lot of apps but highly recommend their flatbread chicken pizza, which can also work as a meal.  The cheese they use melts so well and creates a really creamy texture paired with moist, rotisserie chicken.  Delicious!    The Spinach Chicken Waldorf Salad is amazing!  The chicken they use is the spit-roasted chicken, which is juicy and flavorful.  The salad is incredibly large, especially for the price and contents, with a good mix of ingredients, texture, and flavors.  My husband is a fan of the flavors of the "Big Ass" burger as well as the Cedar-Planked Salmon.  The Sugar-Cured Duck Breast was cooked perfectly with a nice crispy skin and great flavors between the duck and the accompaniments.  Would also highly recommend the green chili macaroni and cheese; decadent, rich, and luxuriously creamy.   We had their seasonal pie, pecan, which was warm, rich, and deep in flavor, and they paired it with plenty of ice cream (because nothing cuts sweet like sweet!).~butter chicken cheese chicken spinach chicken salad chicken chicken salad burger salmon macaroni and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ixHsdLIIjgboJWIq8o7ucg~Every Vegas buffet has a dude slicing prime rib. So, I'll use that as the first metric: I got three slices of prime rib at the Wynn, it was soft, juicy, red rare, and cut almost 3/4 inch thick. And the butt end was well-herbed and just a touch crispy. Damn fine stuff.  We spend over two hours here, sampling the whole array (except crab legs -- I'm allergic). Another staple, the shrimp cocktail, was jumbo and succulent and lacking that awful freezer burn that poorer buffets have. Other fish, including the sea bass and the three of four ceviche samplers, were all well above average. The clams with red sauce were a little better than average, but hey -- clams! The buffet sushi experiment was less successful. My instinct (stay away from buffet sushi) stands uncorrected.  The gorging potential was fantastic. Sticking to the proteins, there were cute cornish game hens that were only a touch dry, and sliced turkey that would have been better if slicer guy would have given me some dark meat. I had heard fine things about the lamb, but the lamb was not fine my friends. Both chops I sampled were way overcooked. Alas.  I had some asparagus that was also much better than expected, very nicely grilled. zucchinis and squashes, also grilled, assisted in padding all the meat in my gullet.  Carbs? desserts? No idea.  Our server was an all-star klutz, but attentive and constatly replenished our beverages -- which was some of the best unsweetened brewed iced tea I've ever had. Also, when we got a little tired we got a pot of coffee -- no extra charge, which I think is unusual. It was good. Thanks Wynn!~shrimp ceviche sushi sushi lamb lamb asparagus desserts tea coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~zPKtQ23rRpaFL83WDsvJpQ~Enter into a giant glass building. Everywhere you turn you see the outside world and your night of food and people watching begin. 7:30 at night in downtown Madison is rush hour for any establishment. Thankfully we only waited 15 minutes. While my date and I waited we were promptly greeted by a bartender. A chocolate cherry beer for me and a sour for her. Both moderately priced at $5.00  Once we were alerted that our table was ready, via phone call, we were sat at a beautiful table looking out at the capitol building. I really don't think there was a bad seat in the house. We were greeted by our server, Alyson, and right away she threw us into the wonderful menu that is Graze.   First up were our appetizers. We settled on the Pickle Board and the Soft Pretzel.   ~ Pickle Board 7 Bread butter daikon beets escabeche kimchee seasonal selection As much as I love food and prize myself on the knowledge of said subject I did not know what half these were However as soon as I saw kimchee I was sold Let me tell you it did not disappoint The beets had a sweetness to them The pickled radishes were a little crunchier than kimchee with great flavor ~Soft Pretzel $4: Sea salt, house mustards, Widmer's cheese. The mustards were fantastic. One had a horseradish flavor to it. A nice bite that goes straight to your nose. Another was a cognac grain mustard. A beautiful flavor with what I thought to be a sweet hint. The third was gone before I realized what happed. So it must have been good.    So we had our appetizers and I was already blown away. The tough part came with the entree selection. Be aware the menu is not that large but it is fresh and everything looked so good. I asked my server if she would partake in my favorite game, pick my meal. She happily obliged.   My lovely date decided on the graze burger and my server, well, I was not disappointed with her choice at all. 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rvrFATPEK-YV739qGjlscQ~Graze is definitely an experience- the food is unique and delicious. However, be prepared for the wait! I made the mistake of going to Graze with a party of 8 and we had to wait for about an hour and a half. I'd recommend going to the restaurant on the week days (where you will probably still wait) or with smaller parties.  Otherwise, good food and a fun atmosphere. I think the menu is reasonably priced and they use a local food which is always a plus! I ate the bibimbap and loved it but everything else looked amazing too.  Based on my experience, I'd recommend trying the popcorn appetizer which uses truffle oil and the wedge salad, which has a unique asian flare.~popcorn salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KGj5iixUaCb8KPIwQM6QCg~Our daughter took us here, because her and her fianc went to one in Austin. Ordered Mac n cheese, and green chili pork apps and they were amazing!!!!!!!then for dinner we all had the "big ass" burger OMG!!! We had one small issue and it was handled professionally and quick! The waiter Darrell was amazing!!!! For sure try it!!~cheese pork burger ~5 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~oyMuNmhlxzaMnx7mmZvPkg~I have been to this place about 7 or 8 times now. I really gave this place a chance, but they have come up short.   First, the food. The burger is really over spiced. After you're about halfway through, it's like eating a giant meatball. I was thrilled to have a place locally that served an Irish breakfast, something that I grew up eating. They failed here too. An Irish breakfast is meant to be fried not grilled as they do here. In Ireland, in many places they even called it a "fry." They try to make all their dishes look really fancy, which doesn't go with their theme of an Irish Pub.  The service was good though I must say. All the bartenders and servers were friendly each time I was there. However, this can not be said of the manager I spoke to there who was very condescending.   And finally we come to the beer. Now they have a great beer selection and bring in a lot of seasonals which is great. However, they do NOT know how to pour a proper pint of Guinness and do not serve it in the proper glass. At first I just ignored them using an improper technique when pouring a pint of Guinness, but the last time I was there, I was served a pint that virtually had no head on it. I sent it back and asked for another one, but what I was given was the same as the first. I talked to the manger about this, and he tried to tell me this is how Guinness always looked there. I informed him that is no where near how a proper pint of Guinness should look and if that is what I got each time I ordered a Guinness, I would have sent it back each time.   I would not be so hard on this place if it weren't for the fact they portray themselves as an "authentic Irish pub." When it comes to their food, beer, and decor, they are no where near a real Irish pub. I will likely go back there, with the hope that they will get their act together, but I highly doubt it will happen.~burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~DjjQhpvxZjuinxEtfAoYiQ~I love farm to table.  I love Madison.   So why on earth could I give a farm to table restaurant in Madison a 2 star rating?  Biggest reason: When you list twenty different providers of produce to your restaurant, you should be able to come up with at least one way to prepare said veggies without meat that is more creative than "Mac and cheese".  This is true even if you are in Wisconsin.   There are other reasons, but that is what dropped it from 3 or 4 stars to two.  Service was great, choices were unfortunate.~mac and cheese ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JoqwEd0OIW-BvZWphxrM1w~Space is so open and light! I had a tough time deciding between Graze and The Old Fashioned for cheese curds, but I picked here because.. well, who wouldn't want to try Asian/Wisconsin fusion? I was happy that I didn't have to add a full $9 for my cheese curds, but bummed that it wasn't offered as an optional side for the entre. But I settled for my half order costing $5 :)  The cheese curds were delicious!!! Bibimbap, ehh... I had to dig through the bowl looking for the "bap" part of the dish before realizing that it wasn't sitting as a bed on the bottom of everything. Kind of surprised that the rice was fried into little sticks, but I guess it keeps it cleaner that way.~cheese cheese cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~hU--Loe6OR9Rn2SktvJ2Vg~The ambiance of this place would be perfect for a date night or a get together where it is possible to have a conversation. Definitely has an upscale feel but without being pretentious. They take reservations and I would definitely make another one! The food was great and the wait staff all seemed to really enjoy their work, not a single bitter Waffle House waitress in the place. Lots of unique flavors and the Mac and cheese is a must!~date waffle mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kgkj_z4OoBs2aLflteeFfg~Had a nice family dinner with wife and son. Service very attentive and great appetizers: green chili and lamb fondue. Entrees were good, not great (pork chop, burger & tenderloin w/bacon), in large portions so we could not have dessert. Next time will try to attend the happy hour and have other starters & appetizers only. I liked de decoration and place.~appetizers lamb pork burger bacon appetizers ~4 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~PgLtM9WhIenznRjjt5MP_w~This is my family's go-to place now! We go once a week or so, the flavor a rotate well and they do have a few standards like Vanilla Bean, Strawberry, various chocolates, and Cheesecake. They throw in a few fun ones too, Root Beer Float, Cake Batter, and various Popsicle flavors. The employees are nice and happy, the toppings are clean and full, and the service is great. 42 an ounce.~cake ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~d9ibZB6ibyWAxnL-x9EyQw~For the price, this buffet is such a disappointment. Please save your money and try another place. There wasn't much variety and the quality was subpar. We asked for coffee for our drinks and they brought us a thermost pitcher. We couldn't even drink half a cup because the coffee was watered down and tasted horrible. I really expected more of a vegas hotel buffet. Don't let the pretty decorations fool you!~coffee coffee ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CTnxupAXmS-orPwlgyv1Mw~Spinach chicken waldorf salad was superb! Boyfriend enjoy his big burger as did the kid enjoy his kids burger. The fries are delicious and the server was friendly and knowledgeable. We will certainly be returning for another wonderful exprrience.~spinach chicken salad burger burger fries ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~dbhvJs0Evjp_NAzER16UtA~I am usually overly generous with my stars, so I'm even shocking myself.  The one star is rated purely on the food.  If the view, great cocktails and cute waiter were taken into account, I could go up one or two more.  I ordered the bento box and my lunch partner ordered an Asian noodle salad.  Both were sadly bland and nondescript. In fact, it's odd that we don't lick our plates clean, so it's saying something when we leave food.  Perhaps we ordered the wrong items?  But in my opinion there should be no wrong items on a menu.  I did like their unique cocktails-mine a spicy concoction of citrus and heat...~salad ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qEStpJgsRGHGYmyH6QI4Dw~I really like the ambience! It's kind of a hidden treasure really. The "Big Ass Burger" -it's actually what it's called- was a hit! I had the Waldorf salad and it was tasty. Nice for a quiet evening with a significant other; cozy.~burger salad ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~4uT_788Ffap4VNdYuPFSBg~After a late Saturday night I was looking forward to an early Sunday morning Bloody Mary.  What I stumbled upon wasn't just any Bloody Mary but one that beat all others.  The combination of mix and spice was perfectly complemented with an array of garnish including two giant shrimp!!    The bar was crowded but we were able to snag three seats near the service bar.  The employees and bartenders were extremely busy yet found time to engage with us and the patrons around us. The surrounding dining room looked as if it was taken from an Alaskan landscape.  This place seemed super cool. Unfortunately we were just having drinks but I'm looking forward to dining with them in the near future.   Five star Bloody Mary!!~shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~HAmoiRgbbWXL7ZdxpILo_w~We had such a great experience that we went back the next day for lunch. My husband was dying to try the Pittsburgh style lobster roll. It was amazing. I went with the catfish bites which were fantastic as well. I highly recommend this place. We had the same waitress the next day for lunch who provides us with excellent service again.~lobster roll ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UirIu_OYIwiqoldy42KyTQ~(Late Dinner - 12.26.2009 @ ~8PM So a lot and I mean a LOT of peeps have been giving really positive reviews about the buffet at Wynn so on a recent holiday trip to Vegas this was to be the culinary highlight of our stay Ambience Really beautiful decor with lots of ornate flower arrangements However the rest of the dining room was more functional than elegant Food At around 46 a person the quality of food was rather lackluster The prime rib and rack of lamb were quite bloody and tough You d think a classy joint like the Wynn would at minimum dry age their roast a few days at least go watch that Alton Brown episode Wynn but you d be mistaken Although their other entrees were varied and creative they were either dry extremely salty or both The Cantonese style clams in fermented black bean sauce might as well have been a big ole salt lick The buffet line was quite long so by the time you get to what you want the items already on your plate have cooled off quite a bit so perhaps several trips to the line is in order if you prefer your warm food exactly that warm Seafood was uninspiring Sure you got crab legs and they re cooked quite well meaning they aren t overly salty like other places on the Strip The shrimps were quite large Smoked salmon was left out too long so had to endure dry edges Dessert What dessert Read on Service We got to the Wynn at around 7 30 ish and was burning the batteries on our iPhones trying to keep entertained for the hellacious 2 hour wait At around 9 30PM we finally started our buffet experience Now I know the posted hours say that the buffet ends at 10 00PM but does that mean you start pulling the food from the steam tables at 10 Wouldn t a classy joint like the Wynn find it courteous to wait at least an hour after the last patrons start eating before closing shop I felt REALLY bad for the huge line of peeps behind us who basically paid 46 for a rushed soup kitchen experience Needless to say the only thing for dessert we could acquire was ice cream which the server repeatedly got wrong and literally slammed the bowls on the counter top Only redeeming thing about the service was that our waiter was quite nice and accommodating for the first 15 minutes of our late dinner before he disappeared Oh and I f cking hate it when soda refills are stored in pitchers where they spend the night going flat and getting diluted from melting ice Summary Spend your hard earned money and priceless time elsewhere the Wynn is really a Loss all hype ~lamb brown black bean sauce shrimps smoked salmon 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~J3T9XoMVjXldklH-143MLQ~Yuuuuum for lunch, careful of the prices though, and don't go if you're starving. I came in knowing and prepared for the prices though so I was fine with it. Especially with those fried cheese curds. Man, those things are how cheese curds were meant to be. It's not on their lunch menu but you can get just a half order for 5$ if you want! Which is probably plenty for other people. I, on the other hand, could've eaten those fried cheese balls of heaven forever.~cheese cheese cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_-_cwIX3bEu3bzZFGzUU4Q~My wife and I stopped in here for happy hour and sat at the bar.  The bar tender was a neat guy that made us feel welcome.  I had the hamburger and I was surprised by the quality and size.  The happy hour price was a really good deal.~hamburger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~WOIrTXz3FmJIqfvIg3bRHg~I had the Bibimbap for dinner and it was in a word - awesome.  The flavor and freshness was out of this world.  I don't know how they made the rice (I suspect maybe it was deep fried?) but it was super tasty.  Our waitress was perfect.  The appetizer of Pork Buns was also really good.  I will absolutely be dining at Graze again.~pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PeX3mS0Wz0D-H72EGTCiTQ~I attended with a large group of over 30. The food was very good. Can't be too hard on the service for a group this size but it was a little slow. The green chili Mac and cheese was unique and very good.~mac and cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Xf8UNntj9sCgqKPmNQGZKA~Graze is just OK. I've been here a few times and had OK experiences, but nothing too amazing. Their mac and cheese and cheese curds are great, but a standard burger that is "farm to table" is pretty lackluster. As far as drinks go, I ordered a margarita that was not spectacular. It seemed too expensive for the quality.  The environment, however, was very nice right off the square.~mac and cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~yWhSn2Pwi5hTAL_f8jGHXQ~I have been to Graze at least a dozen times, and I wish I could give it a 4.5. I can't quite give it a 5 because of inconsistency and noise.  Here's what works: - Cheese curds! - Wine from a keg (can't you just feel the environment hugging you?) - Beer selection - Bibimbap - Mac 'n' Cheese with Pork (heart attack, but worth it.) - Fried Chicken & Waffle (There's a reason people love this in the South) - Cheese boards - Service - always kind and knowledgable - Magic coffee - The view of the capital  Here's what's inconsistent or doesn't work: - Burgers. They change these frequently, and they're not consistently great. I wish they were. - The noise. All those glass walls and metal tables & chairs make the sound bounce all over the place. So it's tough to bring your elderly parents (even though they'd love it) or your sweetheart, if you want a quiet night out. - Breakfast is nothing special. - The wait. Since you can't make reservations, you have to go during non-peak hours, or plan to wait for 30-45 minutes.  Despite the moderate inconsistencies, Graze is a great restaurant that's become a fall-back option for me and my friends.~cheese cheese pork fried chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CgY4bG7pbNCCGjyqh2lK7Q~Been here with adults only and with the whole family Usually get the  Big Ass Burger and Green Chili Mac and Cheese. Both are supreme dishes and prepared to perfection.  You can't go wrong here. The half chicken is amazing and the Shirt ribs are some of the Best. Always come back and bring new people to this spot.~burger mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~cEWV8cLg6buP-raW5EYMlw~Very good locally sourced food and friendly service. Small menu. Was in the mood for an awesome salad, but other than a small plate of greens or a wedge salad, there wasn't anything on the menu that hit that need. Venue is absolutely beautiful.~salad greens salad ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~qZiVVEbJc2o_1X3EB22HuA~Delicious Veggie Lasanga accompanied by fresh seasoned Italian bread! It's hard to find good Italian food in Phoenix, but this spot just reminds me of my mom's pasta back in NY! Everything I've tried has been yummy: Roasted vegetable salad, Roasted vegetable sandwich, even their garden salad is always very fresh tasting and the balsamic dressing is premium. The servers and cooks are super nice too! I highly recommend you give this place a try & make returns because I have yet to try anything that wasn't spot on delicious.~pasta salad sandwich garden salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~g37H9_mrVOmj5xczDsKU5g~Did the breakfast buffet and it was okay.  If you want anything special done to your coffee it'll cost you extra.  Sadly the coffee wasn't that great to drink it just black.  The options were okay, but nothing was really striking or stood out.  Even for breakfast they had a full desert section which looked decant but again nothing really stood out.  Items like the candied apple stand out, but have you had one?  It's terrible, overly hard sugar that will crack your teeth over an apple.  Kind of a waste.  They did have a really cool gingerbread Wynn at the front of the buffet for the holidays though.~coffee coffee apple apple ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tlb2PDx-74oBLmg3oPvveg~I go to Graze often because it is right by my office.  I'm always craving something more from my experience.  The restaurant feels a little cold to me, especially during the day.  One time I ordered the ham sandwich and could barely eat it because there was so much fat (I appreciate that some people might like this).  On the other hand, I really enjoy the beet burger - it's different and delicious.  I'll be back, but hope they can find more consistency with their menu.~sandwich beet burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~NtAc7NfgsZxEIHCoaTxrVg~The Roaring Fork was recommended to us by the locals so we brought our large party there (In town for a wedding - had a party of ten)  What an amazing place - nice ambiance to this place.  Service was top rate.  Our mixed drinks and meals were definitely five stars.  The green chili mac and cheese is absolutely amazing!!!!  All of our dishes were fantastic, so tasty!  Also 5 star worthy is the mexican street corn, rainbow trout, steaks and chicken tortilla soup....  We had a dessert that was simply amazing but I can't remember what it was called - definitely something unique to this place though.  We will stop in the next time we are in town for sure!!!~mac and cheese ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~mqVtR-IGpmVsB_wOEK5c_A~I will say first I absolutely love Mad Mex I'm vegan and the options for me are great here. When I lived in Pittsburgh I ate here at least once a week and the service and food has always been top notch. This location has me very confused. I ordered a salad and asked to omit an ingredient (never has been a problem before) this location refused to accommodate. The waiter was also very argumentative when  I asked questions. I am very sad and needless to say I will not be coming to this location again ...I talked to the manager and he tried to make the situation better so we submitted another order and it came out wrong again .. I think in a nut shell this location has a rude wait staff and a lazy kitchen staff .. Don't let this location sway you from visiting mad Mex my favorite locations are shady side and monroeville :)~salad ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~SZwme0WJOXfxBFIEAf59Bg~Breath taking scenic views, recommend a sunset dinner and eating outside weather permitting. Inside the views are panoramic of the city / mountains and still spectacular.   Starred out with the Fiery Calamari and Truffle Mac n' Cheese for our appetizers.   The Fiery Calamari was prepared excellent with a nice crisp batter but not to hard or soggy. It was flavored with a Thai Basil, Peppercorn and Miso Scallion Vinaigrette. A little kick but not to spicy.   The Truffle Mac n' Cheese was in a mascarpone Italian cheese made from cream with cavatelli pasta shells and beech mushrooms. Very tasty but almost ordered the soft shell crab steamed bun.  Our Main Entre were the Bacon Wrapped Filet of Beef, Hoisin Braised Short Ribs , Kurobuta Pork Chop and the Miso Glazed Salmon.  The Bacon Wrapped Filet was prepared in a Balsamic Onion, Trumpet Mushrooms along with Blue Cheese Whipped Potatoes and wrapped in bacon. Very tender and flavorful. Awesome for the meat lover.  The Hoisen Braised Short Ribs came with Japenese Yams, Spinach and Shitake Mushrooms topped with Lotus Root. The  Meat on the ribs fell off the bone and was so tender and flavorful, I personally love the flavor of Hoisin.   The Kurobuta Pork Chop was a huge serving as it was actually 2 cuts of Pork Chops with double bones. The Pork chops were accompied with Brussel Sprouts and Bacon with an incredible 5 spice honey drizzle. I could have used an extra cup of the 5 spice honey drizzle just to dip eat slice of Pork chop. Gary our waiter told us that the Kurobuta Pork Chop is the Kobe Beef of Pork Chop. Another excellent dish.  The last entre that we ordered was the Miso Glazed Salmon served with Soba Noodles, Ginger, Bok Choy and Shitake Mushrooms. All the flavors were excellent, moist and tender.  I loved the Asian flare that all the dishes had with many of my favorite flavors and many new asian sauces.  We ended our meal with the Salted Caramel Cheesecake which was a work of art by itself. The cheesecake had a black sesame tuile on top, with huckleberry coulis and topped with smoked bacon ice cream with a circular frozen sugar accent.   Be prepared, all parking is valet, not unless you want to take a nice little hike up the hill.  Gary was our waiter and was excellent, he met all our needs and more for dinner. Gary also presented us with 2 - Coconut Lime Cupcakes, one for our anniversay and the other for my birthday, they were like heaven.  Besides the exceptional complete meal was my highlight of the evening as Gary setup our family to meet Chef Beau Macmillan,  Chef McMillen came to our table and spoke to us and thanked us for celebrating our anniversary and birthday at his restaurant, I asked him about his chefs table dinner and he gave us his business card if we were interested in his personal chefs table meal and at the end of our meal invited our family into his kitchen where we were able to take a photo with him.  All I can say is the experience was incredible from the atmosphere, service, exceptional view to one of the best meals I have ever had to the gracious hospitality of Chef Beau Macmillan.   Can't wait to come back to try the Chef's Table.  This was one of the most, if not the most memorable meal I have ever had and if you don't go you are missing out on one of the premier restaurants in Arizona.   Thanks Chef Beau Macmillan for an exceptional meal and experience!   Definitely 5 Plus Stars!~cheese appetizers thai miso cheese cheese pasta mushrooms bacon beef ribs pork miso salmon bacon onion mushrooms cheese bacon ribs yams spinach mushrooms lotus root ribs pork pork pork bacon honey honey pork pork beef pork miso salmon soba ginger mushrooms caramel bacon ice cream coconut lime cupcakes ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4QVwwI0_ypMirouY7gmkuQ~I'm sorry, I'm over buffets. Even this one doesn't impress me anymore and it's become a waste of money. When I was younger, I could eat and eat and eat but on this last trip to The Buffet, not that much looked appetizing to me. This most recent trip was for Sunday Brunch (~ 35 after tax tip Not sure if there is a kids price but there is no seniors price haha 70 minute wait we got there around 10 40am and the line wasn t even out the normal buffet area yet when we left at 1 30 it wrapped around the corner for who knows how long you could pay 15 per person to by pass the line ha 5 more gets you unlimited bubbly great servers and friendly staff very attentive with clearing plates and bringing drinks what s up with changing out the breakfast items at 1 30pm did the price change I heard breakfast was only 20 hmm the quality seems to go down each time I come here ie the crab legs were previously frozen and old the prime rib was cooked medium and dry the crepe was premade and cold the ice cream sorbet is always good and I like that they change out the flavors ie egg nog was delicious this is not about brunch but when we came to the dinner buffet last year people got sick very sick cough cough ~ice cream/ egg 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~f0LLNIQ0hSwhVDHHj4vcDA~Fresh Baked Bread to start! Great Tortilla Soup! A Good "Big Ass" Burger Great Service!~soup burger ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~uGmoWVKeUHEsd-i6beA6_A~The lobster roll here is really great. I've only been here once because I can never make it to the strip district during normal hours but I would definitely come back again. The service was particularly okay and the Bloody Mary was pretty good too! You can never go wrong with seafood and theirs is always fresh and delicious!~lobster roll ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Lam0tB9URG5SYeirT33YCQ~The Graze burger is the best burger I've ever had! Everytime I went there I can't resist the burger. It is a nice place to enjoy the view of the capitol while dining.~burger burger burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~OaZqGPFH19f1hh4MorJ0_Q~Graze occupies one of my favorite urban spaces in all of Madison, the old FirstStar bank plaza on the Capitol Square, next door to the (overpriced, overrated) L'Etoille. There are lots of big windows with great views of the Capitol building. I'd been here a couple of times to sample what may be the best selection of Wisconsin brews in town, but had never dined. The menu is small but eclectic, with a variety of oddball dishes (chicken and waffles?). Started with the goat meatballs . . . these were somewhat bland at first (particularly the meat), but the flavor grew on me after a few bites. I went with the Burger of The Week, which had onions carmelized in beer, ham, and coarse-grain mustard with greens. Very delicious, everything tasted fresh (not surprising given that their ingredients are all locally sourced). But the real star here was the french fries . . . they do literally melt in your mouth. They are also served with an aioli sauce, so for once I didn't have to ask for a side of mayo! My recommendation for now would be to get anything that has fries, but I look forward to returning and sample some of their other unique dishes.~chicken and waffles meatballs burger greens french fries ~4 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~yn65wglWWMGLQJtqLXvCgA~Took our daughter out for lunch on our way back home.  The service was excellent - Jessica was GREAT!  We had the Crab Shack, Phat Patti's Veggie and the Morty's Steakhouse burgers.  All of them were done to perfection and tasted fantastic.  Where they seemed to have real issues was with everything that was deep fried.  The onion rings would have had a great flavor but it was masked by the excessive grease left over from the deep frier - not worth the $ 7.50 we were charged given the poor quality!  The Chipotle-horseradish sour cream dipping sauce was very good but not good enough to warrant the $ 0.75 we were charged for an additional side portion.  The fires were limp and served colder then they should have been and their chips were over cooked and very greasy - possible issues with their deep frier temperature...  There was a $ 1.50 up charge to substitute the fries for their chips  - what a waste of $ 3.00 on the up charges!  The Caramel - Pretzel milkshake was very good but slightly more expensive than what I thought it should have been.  To recap, have one of their great burgers with a treat of a milkshake but skip the chips and fries.~burgers onion rings horseradish sour cream chips fries chips caramel milkshake burgers milkshake chips fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~phVW--8crU5u7lNoHbDSjw~Graze has the best fried cheese curds I've ever had. Their pastries (served during the farmers market) are excellent. The interior and location are great. I've been here a dozen+ times for brunch, lunch, and dinner. It's never my first choice for any of those, but if you are dining with others it is a crowd-pleaser. The Bibimbap, cheese curds, and bone marrow stood out.~cheese pastries cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~C_naLVbnMZ-0E2iM3Zz2kQ~This was the worst meal I have ever had.  Ordered a burger well done... It came rare.  Hostess was totally unfriendly and un-emotional.  I would never, ever set foot in this joint again.  1st time in Madison, came recommended, it was awful!  Felt ill after the experience.~burger ~1 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~khvMzlgAPX5p_lJe9dhWLA~Came here late on Saturday to the bar side to have some food and drinks. The place was pretty packed on the outside patio despite the heat, and they had some good music playing.  I had the most amazing burger here, no joke. A nice size burger patty on a pretzel bun  covered with their own cheese sauce that was oozing out of the sides of my burger and topped with 2 huge pieces of bacon..thats it!! WOW!! So much flavor.... I was in aahhh with every bite. I was sharing this with the husband and I didn't want to give up the other half. Fries were just my style, super skinny & crispy, topped with parmesan and garlic...mmmmm!! Also had the coconut chicken tenders with citrus honey ginger sauce, chicken was cooked wonderfully and that dipping sauce made it extra special.  My husband had the bartender make a grape martini for me, it was perfect, and after 2 of them I was done.   All I can say is YUM  !!~burger burger patty cheese burger bacon fries garlic coconut chicken honey ginger chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~5_10WqI8ExRcHCECj9YUow~Harold's Chicken off Cermack.  My wife and I stopped after Cubs game for our first time and loved it.  Long time Chicago fan, never lived.  The Chicken was out of the world and the 2 workers were great.  Yes we had to spend time as the chicken was cooked. Many reviews bring this up. This means the food is fresh! We did not know what to reply with what kind of sauce would you like. Went with mild. Turns out mild is great. Walked to the Hyatt and ate. My only wish is sauce on the side and more chicken. Googled the Harrolds name & a store in Wi resulted. Hey, I work 5 minutes away. Review was crazy bad. Do not know if publisher is a moron or if the "store" is run differently. Love the chicken and experience. Will go again. Have wanted to eat Harold's long time.~chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~nP6fUA1YmWO5GIQEWkoY7g~Three stars for now, and I want to go back a second time as I think it has potential.  Since I don't like spicy hot (but never give up on it) I asked for something not spicy and they gave me a dish that was extremely hot and I ate only a small amount of it.  I found out later that Butter Chicken would have been a better bet, so maybe that will be worth a try.  I didn't like the salad, it was a bit of lettuce and cucumbers and a couple of carrots with a watery dressing.  The naan was excellent and plentiful so I did not go away hungry.  Couldn't stop eating it.  Service was friendly and helpful.  Interesting to watch the guys behind the counter walking aimlessly around in circles but getting it done. It's a few weeks ago and I can't remember if the cutlery was real or plastic.  They would lose a star for plastic and/or paper plates.  I think they used a combination of paper and real plates, again not sure.  They heat up the food in the microwave but I tried to ignore that.  The food on display was impressive and very attractively displayed, I just wish I could eat some of it without my mouth being on fire.  In case you've never been there, it is a long steam table with many items.  Unpretentious and comfortable.  Very clean though I did not see the washrooms.  Back I go one of these days for another try, there has to be something there for me.~butter chicken salad lettuce ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~hIrVzl2j8GCzPhDjJfPLAA~My fellow foodie friend and I went to Graze yesterday for lunch, and were impressed by the space and the quality of the food.   We were, however, disenchanted by the high prices.    The good: My companion and I shared the pork buns and the pickle sampler for appetizers, and were delighted by both flavor and presentation.  The pork buns feature a generous slab of tender pork ensconsed (like a taco) in a soft, moist bread, and the 5-6 types of pickles (two types of picked cucumbers, cauliflower, daikon radishes, kim chi) came served in individual little bowls nestled on a wooden slab.  The pickle presentation was a delightful blend of rustic and artistic, and the house fermented veggies were the perfect pre-meal nosh.  For a main course, I had the beet and chevre salad, while my friend enjoyed the pork sandwich.  The pork sandwich  featured a liberal amount of moist, well-sauced pulled pork on a buttery brioche bun and came out with a lovely little side salad.  My beet and chev salad was both tasty and beautiful with pickled beet halves arrayed on field greens with a smattering of toasted pepitos and a creamy, well-balanced dressing.  Yum.  The bad:  With that said, the salad was way too expensive- not enough bang for the buck.  Priced at $10, you would expect the beet and chev salad to be entree sized, but this salad was too small to make a meal of it.   Compared to Marigold Kitchen's bountiful and comparably priced entree salads, the Graze salad was positively stingy.  If I hadn't had the appetizers, I would definitely have left wanting more but without enough left in my wallet to justify buying a snack from L'Etoile's renouned bakery.  Or even from Wal-Greens' snack aisle.  Wah wah.  In response to arguments that the price is that high because Graze uses local/organic ingredients, I myself am an avid locavore who has a CSA, shops at the co-op and is willing to spring for local/organic produce.  That being said, all of the main ingredients on the salad- the beets and greens- are IN SEASON right now, and I know from my own personal shopping at the Farmer's Market and Willy St. that it would cost, at most $1.50 to purchase the amount of beets and greens that were on my salad at the store.  Given how abundant these items are at this time of year and how SMALL the salad was, this salad should NOT have cost $10.  Especially for a venture associated with promoting fresh eating, this was a big disappointment.    In sum: Graze's food was delicious, but either the portion or the price of the salad needs to be adjusted because it is unjustifiably pricey. If the restaurant did that, I would be "grazing" there regularly.  Hopefully the second time is a charm... and a bigger portion.~pork appetizers pork pork taco pickles cauliflower beet salad pork sandwich pork sandwich pulled pork ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~jan1vlCCcA6sX_8ZLdLALg~Server was knowledgable and helpful with suggestions. Everything is fresh, selections change. The bibimbap with tofu, which was my first time with this dish and it was amazing. The charcuterie (pt and culatello) and cheese plate were excellent as well. Highly recommend Graze if you're in downtown Madison.~tofu culatello cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~hhPGFlk-BoqjEgxaYPGgcw~In one week of being in Phoenix I stopped at this place 3 times because they have a great happy hour! All we had were drinks and apps, but they were all very good and great priced. I mean $5 for a Manhattan is just crazy and it was very good. They Huckleberry margarita was also amazing. Service was also very good and I like atmosphere. Get in there for a "Big Ass" burger!~burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~qGu7yDodNJuja7-ovC6ZPw~When this buffet opened, it was the most incredible and stunning buffet in town. Being a local meant I was willing to drive all the way to the strip just for dinner at a buffet. Buffet's are everywhere - it's Vegas! This buffet was not like all the rest though. The desert station had a jaw dropping presentation and appeal that just drew people in to gawk. The food combined the most exquisite ingredients. Everything was fresh and the dining experience was surprisingly wonderful. You would never really know it was a buffet because the food isn't sitting in a chafer and the staff are always nearby tossing and preparing for your enjoyment.   Now, the food is just good and the dining experience is poor. People are packed in like sardines and tables are being bussed with tubs and trays all around you. It is difficult to get service if you need something, like a refill on your iced tea. Because of tourism, you also tend to experience the families that allow their children to run amuck so they can relax for a minute or two. I see this all too often - so I believe it must be the parents belief that the children are also on vacation - "So let them run and have fun!"   The spacing between tables does not allow for a dining experience but more like a marathon meal extravaganza. There are some really good quite seating locations within, but during busy nights - good luck getting one of them.   The pricing of this meal is about $35 dollars without alcohol.~tea ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EmC2SEBthHa1eH-f2bGM8w~My absolute favorite place for happy hour, and during the summer happy hour lasts all night!!! I've never actually eaten dinner here because the happy hour food menu is enough to fill you up, but I think I've tried almost all the items on the happy hour menu and I would recommend every one: Ahi tacos, guacamole, green chile pork stew, big ass burger, seared ahi, lamb chops and fondue and the drink specials are all mouth wateringly delicious! Also, they have bleu cheese stuffed olives which top off an already perfect dirty martini. I'm in heaven in this place and go back often.   The bar area isn't too large, but happy hour is offered on both patio areas also, one of which is screened in and cooled. Very reasonable prices for happy hour items also, especially for the quality and quantity you receive.~tacos pork burger lamb cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~wZxUMBHsj8FS6d4XH-TDHQ~The tofu scramble was really, really good. Don't think it's going to be an actual scramble in any way. The tofu is merely folded into the sauce. But oh! that is a delicious sauce. I understand it changes seasonally, and were I closer, I'd get it every time it changed because I'm sure it'd be fantastic every time. The perfect dish to split after the cheese-fest that is the farmer's market across the way.~tofu tofu cheese ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~hhTuI4rGOLF7NPjpH6Rlfg~Great for dinner out with friends! The place was pretty busy when we got there around 630 on a Saturday but calling ahead for a reservation got us outside seating which was perfect. There isn't a parking lot but lots of street parking.   The food was delicious! I had the veg Mac n cheese which was sooo good. My friend had the quinoa salad which she really liked. The portions are a descent size.   There is also a bar connected to the restaurant side which looked fun. The ambience was fun in that it had a cool looking outdoor bar out on the patio and a separate indoor bar.~cheese quinoa salad ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~XneYnu5CSULiMUvWvovIfw~I was a little unsure of this place based on some of the negative reviews but have had nothing but the best experiences the three times I have visited Mad Mex!  The service is what you would expect from young twenty somethings... Aka not the best but the beer menu is usually spot on so I will forgive their sub-par service.  The carnitas nachos are my fave! Really good and fresh ingredients used on all of their dishes, this one included. You get a boat load of nachos too!  I would definitely not call this a Mexican restaurant. More tex-mex or Cali Baja type menu but I will continue to frequent Mad Mex.~carnitas nachos nachos ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~E3WbWOs2cwIj8LvY2XTx-A~One of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.  The Happy Hour here is amazing, they offer $5 Margaritas and reduced priced appetizers.  The size of the appetizers is significant so they can easily substitute for a dinner entree.  I usually order the Big Ass Burger for $10 (the name is pretty accurate). My son and husband usually get the Kettle of Green Chile Pork and the Pork Wings respectively, often times paired with a salad. Happy Hour begins at 4pm and there is often a line waiting to get in, well worth the wait!    If we forgo the Happy Hour menu, which is rare, I usually order the Bacon-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with White Falls Mill Cheese Grits and Mexican Street Corn and my husband gets the Rib Eye, both are delicious!  Definitely make reservations if going for dinner, it can get crowded.~appetizers appetizers burger pork pork salad bacon pork white cheese grits corn ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZH2blQ3FeONVrknxm6vhqQ~When I cannot go to Moti Mahal on Gerrard Street, I will go here.   Chicken Biryani good, Chicken and Goat Kebobs good, Dessert selection good. They have a huge selection of food. Try it.~chicken biryani chicken ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nNlSp_Qcc2GEqvf45MjAGA~I LOVE this place. Whether you are a local or a winter visitor, you can't go wrong with Roaring Fork (RF).    1.  They have THE BEST happy hour.  $10 Big Ass Burger and $8 green chilie pork are the favorites.  Everyone LOVES the HH food - it is top quality.  I do the $5 vodka martini - very generous pour. HH is from 4 - 7 Tues through Sat. HH is all night long on Sun and Mon. 2.  The barendars are THE BEST. George, Stefan, Derek, Christine, and Mark, make every customer feel special. 3. The dinner menu is stellar and have enough variety for your entire party. 4. Based on all the above, the place is PACKED at all times. Plan accordingly.~burger pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5WSCfG7BMWyRoJX_p3ImFA~We went there for the breakfast/brunch on a Sunday. Pretty good food, but the wait was horrible, a bit over an hour standing there hungry. If you go early (i.e. before 9), it's supposed to be a lot faster.  The made to order omelettes were pretty good, and the bacon was crispy, as were the waffles. I don't recommend the cupcakes, however, they taste like they came out of a box. The other baked goodies and breads were good. We didn't try any of the seafood, and the prime rib was decent but not great. The fruit salad was better than other places, but we had a hard time finding good fruit in Vegas. The price includes juice, sodas, coffee or tea, but if you want an espresso drink of some sort, they charge you extra and have to go to the bar, which means a long wait. The servers were good and very friendly. For a buffet, it was pretty decent, but don't expect gourmet restaurant cuisine.  Lovely hotel though.~bacon cupcakes breads salad coffee tea ~3 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~M5vVa3q-Xzir6mFFZsgZQw~What can I say, this place has it all. Great service, a hugh variety of food to choose from.  I really like their pesto chicken grilled pizza, but I could go on forever with all my favorites. Check out there craft beers too.  Simply delicious.~chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Xold_IIrP-BJruEDX1alnw~Great happy hour menu, make sure you get the pork green chili or the big ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~DBIiyTP3CDSOArjy-QMX9Q~Checked it out for Happy Hour yesterday.  Get there early because it gets packed!  We managed to swipe a table in the back.    Good service!  Margaritas were tasty and cheap.  The Big Ass Burger is BIG.  I don't think I could finish it on my own, and I am a burger guy!  We split it in quarters and shared it.  It was delish!  What else?  The pork stew thing was my favorite and the Lamb Chop fondue dish was decadent!  I would say it is a bit more pricey than most Happy Hours, but then again, the quality is pretty high!  The crowd was a little more...  conservative than I normally like but all good right?~burger burger pork lamb ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8U-4wiwNRuZgRXPeuXA2Wg~This was one of the best meals I've had in Madison!  I went to school there so coming back 5 years later I went to some old favorites but decided to try somewhere new as well and was very impressed with it here. To start I had the seasonal punch which was peach flavored and absolutely delicious. My boyfriend and I split the graze burger and the mac and cheese with pulled pork, both of which were stellar! The atmosphere of the place and the view of the Capitol wasn't too shabby either!  Will definitely be making this place a must-go next time I'm in town.~peach burger mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~i8LuJIrw07crPkgWYegxPQ~Graze has a modern feel to it and is located right in the middle of everything. The food is new-age fusion which is a nice change from the typical cheese-curds and beer, but some of the plates seem to be trying too hard to be hip.   The food is definitely fun, and the portions are great, but I can't say that the food was great. I probably sound like a tool saying this, but it felt like the dishes were made just so they could label them as organic, local, vegan, etc. There isn't anything wrong with that. I love it when restaurants are accommodating, but flavor shouldn't have to be sacrificed.  Come for the ambiance and to try out new things. Just don't get too hyped up.~cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6o6mKrWuN8TrWV1jpDMvAw~First of all, delicious food!  I had the Big Ass burger and it did not disappoint!  Their Chicken Tortilla soup is one of the best I've ever had.  And you have to try their green chili mac and cheese! We had a group of 10 girls for my friend's bachelorette party and they were great!  I made reservations about a week before, and they had the table set up, confetti included, ready for us! Our waitress was outstanding, and I couldn't have asked for a better group dinner!~burger chicken soup mac and cheese ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~fNg0QlbdzylGuFPzakt_wA~Ordered the Curry Mix with Chicken Katsu, Hamburger Beef, and BBQ Steak, Spam Saimin, and Thai Tea. The food portions are large and for a great price. Fried rice is tasty. Mac salad is yummy and creamy with flavor. Large Thai Tea was really large, and just 3.00, for a 32 oz!!! Overall, a pretty great place for a great price. If you are looking for local desserts, not quite the place. They offer fried ice cream...no malasadas....or any kine of haupia pie..~chicken hamburger beef steak thai tea fried rice salad thai tea desserts ice cream pie ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~IjsIrswmArFQZXMYTwxxRA~What more can I say about this place? It nearly ties with Panera Bread. Great food everytime you go and grubbin' salad bar. The one thing that I was not so keen on was that the line forms where a row of booths are and then sick people lean on the wall of your booth and cough and you really notice it when you are sitting in that booth. Long story short...Don't sit at the booth when you go there to eat.~salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JoAz7Zx8RP2z555s13yteg~My boyfriend and I love this place. The cheese curds are the best in Madison, and every entree we have ever had has been phenomenal. The graze burger in particular is to die for and is totally worth the $21 price tag. We have never had a poor experience with service, though it usually is a long wait. We have resorted to having a late dinner (~9 30pm just so that we can go there and walk right up to get a table ~cheese burger 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~CoOgXRgZO3k2xLfSjcL_ow~Very thorough selection with solid quality. It isnt your meal for 1.99 Vegas classic, but you can be sure that you won't be sick after it! A variety of American, Japanese, Mexican, Indian, and everything in between food. The dessert room (yes, a whole room) is large, with fresh ice cream in addition to the pastries and cakes. A large selection of teas if coffee isnt your thing. Lines can be long, but move quickly. Usually a hook up can be acquired if you're staying there and are gambling (as we do).~ice cream pastries coffee ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~mwWBtE1Yz1n0aqAoPBY0zA~I came here for dinner with my bf on a Friday night. We both got a pizza cone combo with an upgrade of tornado fries. The staff were super nice and friendly. There's seating inside but it's a bit limited. Luckily there's plenty of outdoor seating in the plaza. The concept is pretty unique, it's the first pizza cone I had so I wasn't sure what to expect. I got the Hawaiian pizza cone, as I'm a big fan of pineapple. I wasn't disappointed, there's plenty of pineapples, ham and cheese! The cone was pretty much what I expected, pizza in the form of a cone minus the tomato sauce and plus lots more cheese. My bf got the spicy chicken pizza cone which had plenty of peppers, and wasn't super spicy. They do offer Parmesan cheese as a topping for their tornado fries which was a plus.~fries pineapple cheese tomato cheese chicken cheese fries ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gU2x1aj93Fc6qua7HZZLZA~Okay, honestly, Honey Bear's couldn't hang in Memphis, Birmingham, Houston, or Lockhart  ... and fortunately for them, they don't need to 'hang' because they are smoking their meats in the BBQ wasteland of Phoenix, AZ.    Because I fancy myself a BBQ expert (note: I'm more of a brisket purist), its difficult to rate HB's based on the integrity of the THEIR OWN meat and not as a comparison to others Valley and Nation-wide. This is exactly 'why' I think many of their rating suffer because everyone has undoubtedly had better BBQ elsewhere, wherever you may hail from, and it takes a stringent push from one's own natural reflexes to resist matching HBs up to 'local awesome BBQ joint'.  BBQ connoisseurs are funny like that.  So, overall, HB's earns a 3-star based on the following:  Pork Ribs - I'm more of a beef rib expert, but these ribs were generous and plentiful in their combo plate.  I was surprised that there was very likely a whole half-rack on my plate.  They are very tasty even without the sauce, with a nice peppery rub that did not dry out the meat.  Smoked Chicken - Juicy but slightly greasy.  This is amongst the most difficult smoked meat to pull off due to the propensity for it to become a stringy, dehydrated mess.  I don't think I would order it again, but the flavor was pretty decent and I don't regret trying it.  Pulled Pork - I got a 1/2 lb of pulled pork as a side meat, along with a couple of extra buns to make as a half-sandwich (a glob of meat on a half bun, folded over like a taco).  This is the only time I typically use sauce to counterbalance the white bread, whether its pork, brisket, or sausage.  I was surprised by how dry the pork was, particularly because pork is fatty and juicy, but here at HB's it was extra lean.  I thought I would hate the pork bc of this fact, but the sauce saves it from being a choking bolus of pig and flour.  Now I understand why they typically put this on a full bun and drown it in sauce.  As the 'specialty' of this restaurant, its kind of a gaffe that the quality is poor, but as a consumer, I'd order it again in limited amounts, and only as a 'side'.  Why?  Because I can provide my own perfect ratio of bread:pork:sauce.  Otherwise, I don't think that HB's could build me a pulled pork sandwich I could be happy with.  Sauce - If you don't know any better you'd think it was tip-top.  Sure, its 'pretty good', but its most-definitely a one-note mixture.  Too sweet for their peppery rubs.  A spicier sauce would do the trick better, IMO.  Corn on the Cob - Serviceable, but soggy and strangely devoid of spices typical of southern cuisine.  Cowbro Beans - Awesome.  Smokey flavor, thick sauce, and chunks of their smoked sausage.  Great compliment to a BBQ dinner.  Soda Fountain - The city's best.  BBQ restaurant staples such as 1a) Dr Pepper 1b) Big Red.  Their 'cola' is RC and they have Hines Rootbeer, Sunkist, Country Time Lemonade, and 7-Up.  They did some solid research on the fluid necessities of BBQ palates.  They also have a fridge of beer.  Price -  All that, which I described above came out to $33 with a large tip because the guy behind the counter was very cool.  It fed two hungry people during the season finale of LOST, with plenty extra for leftovers.  Very pleased in this area.  Overall - Hey, its PHX, and here we are better adapted to 'fill-ins' for our favorite spots back home.  It happens in every culinary category, from philly cheesesteaks to fish n chips; gnocchi to Q.  Why should this place be any different?~honey pork ribs beef ribs chicken pulled pork ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~I2azwz43455MiKtY5dau7A~In my opinion, people who complain about the Wynn Buffet being an expensive buffet have to keep in mind where they are: at a buffet. If they want an all-the-steak-they-can-eat $10.99 buffet, walk down the street to Circus Circus. If they want the best ingredients in town, don't go to a buffet. There's tons of fantastic restaurants to choose from.  However, as buffets go, the Wynn is our favorite (aside from the Sterling brunch at Bally's, but that's over the top) for good food, lots of it, and no fuss. The quality and variety can vary -- I read an interesting review on here about the ethnicity of the kitchen staff versus the best food, and I think he's right that there is a connection. However, the desserts are also wonderful -- the coffee ice cream is possibly the best I've ever had. All are homemade and a cut above the usual.   Compared to other buffets, such as the fairly good Paris, the pretty good Mandalay Bay, and the mediocre Luxor, the Wynn is a wee bit more expensive (though I admit I have not tried the Bellagio) but worth the money. Two suggestions, however: be careful what time you go, as there is almost always a line. Second, go later in the shift. For example, if brunch ends at 11:30 and lunch begins at 12:00, go at 11:15 -- you pay the less expensive breakfast price and can get lunch too.~steak desserts coffee ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eQ1YCS9Bjms5NWHcH4_HZA~I have been back to Graze twice for food since my first review. I continue to be impressed by the food and my most recent server was really great. But the server I had for my second visit caused me to reevaluate my five stars. I took two friends from out of town there for brunch, and since they weren't from Wisconsin, some curds were a necessity. We ordered those as an appetizer. And waited... and waited... Our entrees came out. The waitress asked if we needed anything else at the moment. "Just waiting on those cheese curds." We waited some more and ate our entire entrees. Still no cheese curds, and since we ordered them as apps we were pretty annoyed at this point. The waitress came back, asked how everything was, and said she would go check on the curds. Finally, after finishing our meals and waiting beyond that, the curds came and had solidified in the middle instead of being hot and gooey. The waitress's excuse was that "a weird amount of people had ordered cheese curds at the same time." And that was it. She did not offer to comp them nor did she really apologize. We had ordered a full order and barely ate half because we were full from our entrees. I was really disappointed in her service. Offering to comp something makes all the difference in a diner's experience, and she chose not to do this.~cheese cheese cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~J-Oi3OsSz73Kj-dfdy2uqg~For the price and the class of the hotel, this buffet was a bit of let-down. I didn't get the high class quality I had at the Bellagio or Cosmopolitan buffet.   They had crab legs, only cold ones, in a messy pile. I've had warm steamed ones at  much lower level buffet restaurants. Sushi seemed to have been refrigerated for a while. I didn't like the taste of coffee for some reasons, but I guess I'm just too picky.  Tables were crammed in. I felt like I was sitting at a food court, sort of.   Overall foods taste all good, but I give this buffet the same grade as Mirage's Cravings, which is much cheaper.~sushi coffee ~3 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~DHLlNa-q8vhhU6XhP6AG8A~The wings were good and my wife's salad was pretty good, but I had a 22oz big azz margarita and then two 12oz ones on happy hour.  I don't know if there was any alcohol at all in any of them to be honest.  I think that is a rip-off, so you are better off getting beer at this location or making friends with the bartender.   I felt no effect at all from 46oz of margarita?  Really?  i was sitting outside, so couldn't see the bartender make the drinks.  I am a former owner of a bar and years of experience in the industry, so it ins't like I don't know what I am talking about.  Anyway, the food was okay and service was okay.  I just would like to get what I pay for when it comes to drinks.   Maybe next time I will ask for the tequila on the side, so I can actually see if they put any in at all!~salad ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zJNdsBl36xwdXwFDVPmTAA~So boring, skip this review now. My waiter needed training in basic portions. When you ask the waiter how large the portion is of a certain dish and they respond, "large enough that 4 people should be satisfied", you tend to think that is enough for one person. Well I was so disappointed in the portion size and the blandness of my dish that I couldn't even muster an emotion. I just wanted to cry because of the outrageous price I was going to pay for such a sad meal. Sure I could have called the manager over and he would have made sure everything was taken care of and that I would be back again to give them another shot. But really, besides the name of the restaurant, I can not think of another reason to come back.   The food was so-so. The atmosphere was like anything I would expect from a corporate concept restaurant. If you like boring corporate cookie cutter ideas... this is your place. If you like an artist with a passion, please try any thriving mom and pop.   The macaroni and cheese is so-so. Save your money and steal some kids mac & cheese or go to Vig or Sauce.    boring!!!!~macaroni and cheese ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~RTqKLkx02zG39dv7aYtbBA~fantastic food and cute host, the spider roll is yummy,  and especially the corstini bread in the mussel dish is the best corstini I've ever had. Crab cake is so good as well, and i love their oyster combined with different two types which are fresh and worth to try.~crab cake ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~rrdLVvN7d0p7xA_LoU6umw~Foigra was delicate and light...lobster was heavenly and fresh...Petaluma Chicken was very tender and perfectly tasty...cheesecake was unique and perfect...service was awesome.~chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~gNBsY1ybXNkgQEPW0t3mCQ~The Roaring Fork was a pleasant surprise. After finding out that the restaurant we wanted to eat at had closed down, we decided to try the Roaring Fork. I had looked at the menu earlier that day online and wasn't that impressed so I wasn't expecting much. But I was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious, the service was great and we were seated right away, no reservations needed. The prices were very reasonable too.  I had the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin which our server recommended. It was so good. The smokiness of the bacon offset the sweet corn perfectly. The cheesy grits on bottom added a nice creaminess to the dish. All the flavors complimented each other. I usually don't like pork tenderloin that much (I'm more of a beef, lamb, wild game or seafood kind of gal), but this dish changed my mind about pork tenderloin. It can be juicy and delicious! My son had the rainbow trout which was delicious and cooked perfectly. Hubby got the 22oz bone in ribeye steak which was huge and cooked a perfect medium rare. It was juicy and flavorful. He also got a side of the jalapeo mac 'n cheese which good too.   Definitely worth checking out if you are ever in Scottsdale!~bacon pork bacon corn grits pork beef lamb pork steak cheese ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~hu_aPMcB8ij5jyuCyafusQ~I remember reading about this place in NOW magazine years ago and we were driving by, I needed water and so we stopped and I ran in. I saw the line up of amazing looking foods! I ran out, grabbed boyfriend and we went in and ordered food! I had a combo of the butter chicken and I think tikka masala (can't remember) now. Everything was great and the meal included naan! Know that you're eating in a fast foody feeling environment, next to a car wash, where you're surrounded by taxi drivers (who clearly know their food). Don't come here for a romantic dinner, come for the great food! Prices are pretty good as well! Mmmm..am hungry thinking about it!~butter chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~cTpfghyzstxE0xLWlitvwA~Roaring Fork was the highlight of our Scottsdale vacation. Highly recommend !  The duck was fantastic. For me it's rarely done perfectly but RF nailed it. Juicy and perfectly cooked. The steak was also nicely (but not overly) seasoned. I've had a couple of overlooked medium rare steaks recently at top steakhouses so I was a little cautious. They got this one right.  Oh the sides: The Mac and cheese with chilies was spectacular. Get your carbs on. And the corn, soooo good.  Simplicity is good and RF made a straight forward menu really come to life. I will return....soon~steak steaks mac and cheese ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~P3cGNmMxc_7P2wnOsLAcFg~Last night, while the family opted for Pizza Pizza, I sauntered across the street to King Palace.   It is located next to a hand car wash, and surely does not win prizes for ambiance.  They feature a nicely displayed steam table with a wide variety of Indo-Pak specialties, with a wonderful fresh baked nan bread.  I randomly picked a nice chicken dish, a wonderful lentil dal, and the aforesaid nan. The chicken was served on a perfectly cooked rice, nice seasoned and cooked very well.  It took about 3 minutes to be served and walk out with a bag of goodies. I could have saved a few dollars if I had chosen on their combos, but the menu was so extensive that I opted for creating my own.  It is quick, available, good, tasty and millions of cabbies can't be wrong. And for those of you who look for it its Halal.~chicken dal chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Q8tx95upGgzDvClJxM4BWQ~Graze is one of my favorite mid-upscale places to eat in Madison. The quality of their food and drinks is outstanding, and it is clear that a lot of thought goes into the menu. The cocktail menu has something for most tastes, and seems to rotate - the last time I was at Graze, all of the cocktails had Will Smith themes. Currently, they are all Shakespeare-related. Clever and fun!  I highly recommend the bibimbap for a twist on the classic Korean dish. The crisped rice cakes at the bottom are fantastic. Their charcuterie and mac and cheese with pulled pork are excellent as well.  No reservations and a modestly sized menu are the only downsides - if you are an extremely picky eater or in a hurry, you may want to save your Graze experience for a different time.~mac and cheese ~5 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~Okx-yWqXyRcI_SvvKgQNAw~There are no surprises here- it tastes just like pizza, just in a cone shape and without tomato sauce. I don't particularly like tomato sauce too much anyway, so that was a plus for me! I liked how the cone was not greasy, and it didn't become soggy, but remained crispy. It also wasn't messy to eat, unlike burritos or tacos, probably because the cheese held all the ingredients together. They put a LOT of cheese in it- if you're not a huge fan of cheese, you probably wouldn't like it too much.   The portion size is quite small; don't expect to be full from just the cone. I got the yummy cone special combo with tornado fries, and that along with the drink are likely what filled me up. My friend ordered the hot & spicy chicken combo with onion rings. He got a large amount of onion rings, and they weren't over-battered nor over-deep-fried. For an extra $3, I think it's worth getting a combo.   For a meal that's more like fast-food, the wait time was way too long. It took 13 minutes for us to get our food after ordering! I guess that's why they ask if you'd want your side before the cone or at the same time.  We also got tricked by Groupon's wording. :( $12 for 2 groupons, worth $10 each. It's $10 per two people (despite the small print stating "limit one per person"). So you can't use two $10 groupons in one visit with two people. I guess I will have to be back, now that I have another groupon to use up.~tomato tomato burritos tacos cheese cheese cheese fries chicken onion rings onion rings ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Pcd5noVjmfmcbks_0urYpg~Based on the Roaring Fork happy hour last night, I had to update my review, and it was another 5 star experience for sure.  I met my boyfriend there around 6pm, and we waited just about 10 minutes until two seats opened up at the bar... The entire bar area was packed though - it's no secret how fantastic the happy hour prices are at RF!  The bar service was perfect - (thanks Ryan) and for a total of $33 before tip, we walked out full from the following: -a glass of Cab Sauv ($5) -a field greens salad with fresh beets, apples, candied walnuts and goat cheese ($5) -fish tacos that came with avocado, tomato, lettuce, salsa ($7) -a half roasted chicken that came with beans, tortillas, avocado, and additional garnish ($12)   We were completely satisfied, ambiance was fun (we made friends with our neighbors on either side), and food was phenomenal!    Helpful hint we were told for next time - if you order the salad and ask them to split it in the kitchen, they will put a full goat cheese fritter on both plates!  We're already planning to order that way next time!  Thanks for another fantastic meal, Roaring Fork - see you again soon!~greens salad cheese tacos avocado tomato lettuce salsa chicken tortillas avocado salad cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bXkknhXYF8Xn-DwJo3-b1A~Forgot my poached egg in the noodle bowl for brunch. Luckily I am a forgiving person. Everything else was delicious. My partner in crime had the eggs Benny and ate that shit like no tomorrow. *hi five, graze*~egg ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~PZezMpibADw4a1AvnRnJgA~Late night- Street meat, Mcdonalds, Deli food ....hmmm...OH how about KING PALACE!!!   less then $15 you get yourself a three meat combo and they have such a large selection. Items are very spicy , which i love and at this time of the night when there are no other options. AMAZING!  Everybody that i have brought here have loved this place. The butter chicken is amazing, but has gotten more and more sweeter over the years. That is why I always get the chicken tikka masala as well.  I think that there may have been a change in ownership and the original owners opened up a place called King Place. I have not been there as of yet, i think that is on my TO do list.~butter chicken chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~BbTw7hI9565Mxi9id_q18Q~Good service. Very trendy, lots of hipsters and pretentious dbs. But. Good beer selection. GREAT cheese selection and this is the Rome of cheese. Fried cheese curd were extraordinary. The strozzopreti will test your allegiance to the Master Spice.~cheese cheese cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~bdzwy1QRQJX4Cwv_yfCCnw~Zing Zing Zing!! Honey Bear's BBQ is my go to BBQ spot in downtown phoenix.  Meal of choice: is the pulled chicken sandwich, coleslaw, and tall RC Cola.   I usually eat my sandwich open face with lots of sauce. Luckily, they always have a kettle of warm and zingy BBQ sauce available for the dine in guests. Beyond the BBQ being spot on the sides always seem to be just as delicious. Coleslaw, Mac n Cheese, Potato Salad, Sweet Potato Fries, etc............  My only qualm as of recently is it seems they have changed the coleslaw a bit. They made the portion larger which is awesome! But it's got some new things in it and I didn't enjoy it as much as usual. Bring back the old stuff!!~honey chicken sandwich ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~KTvRWIGs3kGjiz-9YJCraw~This place used to be the best. But about 6 months ago I started noticing a slight decrease in quality. The butter chicken is much greasier than it used to be. The nan is still good, but they increased the price to about $13 for a meal, which is slightly more than I want to pay for the decreased quality.   We used to go every week, but now its less than once a month and~butter chicken ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ooiaxjBDE2qQ_mH_IlA4DQ~Honestly, I was just parking here to go around the corner to get my eyebrows done. Figured I'd order something as I was using there lot.. But that was a horrible idea.   THEY MICROWAVE THE FOOD. They have a hot table but I assume it doesn't work.. So they nuke everything, IN STYROFOAM containers... HELLO CARCINOGENS. No idea how long everything had been sitting there, but some trays of food had thick layers of grease built up on the top.  I walked in around 6pm and they had trays of food lining every possible free space, but there were NO customers. A couple cabbies walked in as I left. I ordered a butter chicken and rice combo, and almost walked out without the salad and drink it was supposed to come with because I had to ASK for the drink and salad, as opposed to the server just giving me what the combo entailed. And the butter chicken tasted insanely sweet, probably the worst butter chicken I have ever had. Don't know who came up with that recipe. I had a couple spoonfuls and tossed it in the bin. I really had higher expectations for this place considering the insane amount of food they have out..  Would have been better off just paying for parking on the street.. :(~butter chicken salad salad butter chicken butter chicken ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BL_9qld1YIb5SdP1YdIEaQ~One of my favorite restaurants in the valley!   They have the best happy hour location and best burger.  Great decor and excellent waitstaff!~burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~aqORszxT7R4VOFK10KH-ww~We went for happy hour on a Friday at 6:30. Waited 12 minutes for a table  for four - not bad considering how crowded they were. The place was relaxing and accommodating (we had a disabled companion with us).  Our server was Shay and she was as good a waitress as I have ever had. Just the right combination of personable, helpful, efficient and not over-fawning. I would go back just to be in her section. Ask for her - you will not be disappointed! The food was fabulous. I had the Green Chile Pork Stew (on Shay's recommendation) and I now crave it. Hubby had the Big Ass burger which was just that. And while it was excellent, it could not be called a signature dish like mine. The tortilla soup was very good and surprising.  We enjoyed the salads as well. We all had the Guava Mojito which was quite good. Our dining companions raved about the Huckleberry Margaritas which they had on a previous visit so we are looking forward to trying them next time. I would like to try another dish but I suspect I will not be able to resist the pork stew. I highly recommend this restaurant and it is now at the top of our list of relaxed, delicious, reasonably priced happy hour spots in Scottsdale. We WILL be back!~pork burger soup salads guava pork ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~zMss-82EqOMe9xW9qqBkaA~Stopped off for lunch and was very happy we did.  Had "highly stocked" lobster in the bisque, light calamari with perfect marinara sauce and HUGE, awesome, flavorful and moist cod sandwich to die for.  Very happy with the attentive wait staff.  Even used a yelp coupon that was happily accepted.  Wish we lived nearby, we'd be here all the time.  Highly recommended.~sandwich ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~2pmuqNA2UszGImRp0KeXBQ~I am a total cupcake fan girl so when my friend hyped about PG cupcakes I had to try them. I don't live in Toronto so I was really hoping that their cupcakes were amazing.  PG cupcakes isn't easy to find if you don't know the area. It's hidden underground in the First Canadian Place right by the food court.  There was a line when I got there around mid afternoon. The line wasn't slow yet fast. I bought a dozen mini cupcakes to share with my family and friends so I got the chocolate with strawberry and vanilla icing, vanilla with chocolate icing, and the red velvet cupcakes. These came up to $18.95 (no tax included). The packaging is very nice and the storefront is cute...but did the cupcakes taste amazing? I thought the cake tasted like any other cupcake and there was a bit too much icing. However, I liked the strawberry icing because you can actually tell that they used real strawberries.  Next time I'll just stick to buying cupcakes around the Mississauga area or just make them myself. PG cupcakes weren't worth the drive to Toronto.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JS0fskkBkekxzt06mE1org~This is an amazing buffet and the best value in the Wynn!    Any restaurant in the Wynn will charge minimum $18-25 per entree, and drinks are added on.   At the buffet, coffee/ice/tea and even the amazing juiced drinks ($9-11 on their own outside the buffet) are included!    Best value is going about 10:30 am and you get breakfast, plus lunch items when they change over at 11.    Our family of 4 ate there and my husband and I didn't eat again the rest of the day!!!~coffee tea ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_jzgCGathCZfZPLc_FIAEw~I really enjoyed this restaurant. The location is great. The restaurant is comfortable clean and I loved being able to sit and look out the beautiful glass walls to the city and capitol bldg. Nice variety of beers. The pretzel appetizer was great I loved all the different mustards it came with . I'm from r.I. and this was my first time having cheese curds I thought they were really good. The service was super friendly and excellent. The reason for only three stars is the burger was not that good ..it was just ok..I did not like the English muffin it was served on and the burger itself was small and just not that tasty at all..would not get it again!prices were ok..burger was 11dollars but not worth it..like I said worth the atmosphere and location I would give it another chance and try something different next time..my friend got the wegde salad and enjoyed it. It was an overall really good experience~cheese burger burger burger salad ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~xYeXqRP0CeyN9oVdXwEeIg~Incredibly fresh tasting food. We came for brunch and were surprised the number of choices. From egg sandwich to pork belly noodles, the range was amazing. Only complaint is that the wait was an hour and then our server was impossibly slow. Otherwise, we would come back again.~egg sandwich pork ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xD4AWuHuoA8GmMzlPXxx5w~The barbecue chicken is delicious. I only gave it three stars because they only serve it on Fridays. Bummer.~chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wlNuN7YTNFYOsvzr5AgLTQ~Wow I can't believe I went to a buffet and I actually felt like I got my money's worth.  We don't eat meat so we were happy to see various seafood options.    I tried the salmon, lox, sushi, indian food, a piece of french toast, shrimp cocktails, all kinds of veggie sides, and tons of desserts. :) There's nothing that will make you go OMG! but it's a buffet so that's expected. Definitely a great place to have brunch and recover from a night of no sleep.   The decor is fun, something out of Alice in Wonderland and the service is prompt to get in and relaxed and polite once you're inside.   We spent over two hours here leisurely trying small portions of each thing so we wouldn't feel stuffed.  Ended it with a cup of coffee and awesome company. :)~salmon sushi french toast shrimp desserts coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ifEiLPYH2ZTHsd7veUNqsw~yet another californian who reviews vegas =)  have been going to wynn buffet for quite some time and have been going to bellagio buffet before this one and... this one takes the cake.   the line is normally 1hr+ wait but once you get there, you're extra hungry and it's worth it. i love the sections where you can customize your own pasta, congee, noodles, etc.   the prime rib is too bloody for me but sometimes they'll have things like kobe beef, they usually have duck, lamb, etc.   shrimp + crab are always good although the quality of the crab varies from time to time. there's usually always a line for seafood. who'd think that you go to the dessert for seafood haha  servers are usually pretty decent considering the amount of people they have to care for, haven't had too many problems despite the few times when i had to go without diet coke for 10 minutes. you just have to be aggressive and know how to flag them down (because they for sure will not come to you asking if things are ok)  desserts are mostly okay.. i always get a bunch just to sample them and see what's good and always with coffee. they have ice cream, cake, mousse, pie, etc. some are ok, some are AMAZING. ahhhh overload.   the wait time is really the only thing you can complain about here... well, and your expanding waistline.~cake pasta beef lamb shrimp coke desserts coffee ice cream cake pie ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~br7uLvNaXXLpe-LWP9ZgzA~My favorite happy hour spot... And my cousin agrees! We have come here several times for their fabulous kettle chilli verde pork and martinis. Both of these items are on the happy hour menu. Other favorites are the flatbread, big ass burger (yes it's ginormous), and their amazing fish tacos.  My best friend loves their huckleberry margaritas. I've been coming to this place for happy hour for the past 7 years and will be a continuing customer because of their delectable and affordable bites. Thank you RF!~pork burger tacos ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~dIdZc5NEx1QrpTTUSlAK6g~Got the short ribs.  All fat!  Very disappointing.  BBQ Chicken also very fatty.macaroni salad has very little flavor.  Don't trust the multi star reviews.  This place is a bummer.~ribs bbq chicken ~2 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~-U6CW9XWEKAS22Dfuk_7Tw~Never again. I bought 4 regular sized cupcakes from here on Thursday and today (Saturday) we still have two left. A big feat in our household but not really because these cupcakes suck.  The Red Velvet, the first one we tried, was grainy and chalky. The icing and the cake somehow resembled sand and left an unpleasant texture in our mouth. A few hours later we persevered and tried the Coconut one. While the cake was actually moist it was still a terrible cupcake. The icing to cupcake ratio is WAY off. I have never considered scraping off icing into the garbage until I tried these cupcakes. The coconut shreds on top were so dry and tasteless.  Update: Tried the other two: Blueberry and Cream and Peanutbutter Banana. I don't know what to tell you Prairie Girl but the colour blue doesn't equal the flavour blueberry. I've tried several crayons and the same holds true of orange, just for future reference. Peanutbutter Banana one was actually decent, but not worth $3.  And what about this place is meant to be anything about a Prairie or Girl? It looks like the store was designed by a corporate robot who moved to the city and couldn't comprehend interior decorating or touches of design.  None of the cupcakes in the sparse display had name tags. Instead you had to look and pick off a wall menu with pictures. Hello, have you ever been to a bakery? Did you think it was not enticing to see the actual cupcake next to it's name?  The icing on the cupcake was the man behind the counter didn't want to fill up my water bottle because he wasn't sure about the tap water. TORONTO TAP WATER. IN A BAKERY.  Wow, this place makes me so mad. I will never in my life recommend this place to anyone.~cupcakes cupcakes cake coconut cake cupcakes coconut banana banana cupcakes ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~vVkQkv6vXLVKUsFZNE9ktg~Good eats.  My food was just short of epic.  The beef sandwich was delicious and the pork ribs were fantastic.  The ribs are not skimpy on the meat and it comes right off the bone.  Loved the sauce, very tangy and has a good kick.  I arrived just before the lunch crowd began to pick up.  Looks like it can get a bit hectic when large crowds come due to all the people swarmed around the small counter ordering and picking up their meals.~beef sandwich pork ribs ribs ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4WWbuC0icecRreAC5wkDjg~Ate here while visiting the Scottsdale, AZ area celebrating my sister-in-law's 50th birthday.  I was under pressure to find a restaurant that all 10 in our party would like (including 2 children; ages 2 & 7).  I looked on Yelp and picked the Roaring Fork based on the reviews.   It's in an office building, but don't let the outside fool you.  It is very nice inside and looks like it would seat ~200 easily We went on a Monday evening about 6pm and we had about a 10 min wait without reservations I would recommend reservations for any weekend or for special occasions I can see this place getting busy The service was good and the food was excellent When you walk in you will notice chickens on the rotisserie straight ahead and the wonderful smell 2 people had their Big Ass Burgers and said they were great 2 people had their Ribeye and said they were cooked perfect and were very flavorful 2 people had the rotisserie chicken including myself and it was yummy the corn bread stuffing was the best 1 had Braised Ribs and thought the BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy 1 had Fish Tacos and enjoyed them as well Overall our entire group was very impressed with the amount and quality of our food Everything was well prepared and very tasty Oh and the mini corn muffins were delish too Highly recommend ~burgers" chicken ( corn bread ribs tacos corn 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~meojDkZFqzwBRnrok3C9wg~I now know what the B in BJ's stands for...Bland. Calamari had no taste even with the salt and pepper I added. Sent that back. My bacon cheese burger was dry and bland too. Didn't send it back just got a box and brought it home. 1 star because my pink lemonade was good~bacon cheese burger ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~IXw6Y8MyhathYKzTHiax9A~Good times - the Old West meets Happy Hour.   We love Roaring Fork's Happy Hour. They do happy hour for a few hours each evening, but on Sunday and Monday nights it lasts all night long.   Their huckleberry margaritas are awesome. It's a frozen margarita topped off with a luscious huckleberry puree (think purple tart blueberry?).   The bar menu is one of the best too. My favorite is the Big Ass Burger. It's a huge burger loaded with smoked bacon and cheddar cheese. It's served with a kettle of crispy fries. Another appetizer we really like is their Green Chile pork stew. It's served hot in a personalized kettle, covered with melted Jack cheese and served with warm buttered tortillas on the side.   Roaring Fork's entire menu is a blend of comfort food and Southwestern flavors. The happy hour is moderately priced, not cheap, but given the quality and quantity of the food, it's still a great value.~burger burger bacon cheese fries pork cheese tortillas ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~H3AtgfuAcykngLrohzrNww~Hands down, the best buffett in Vegas!  The two times I've been here were for a late lunch so I can't imagine how good the food is for dinner time.  Unlike, a lot of buffets on The Strip, everything tasted like it was made to order.  Even the sushi was really fresh.  If you're not too stuffed from your meal, the Wynn Buffett has an amazing selection of desserts.  Everything from their home made ice cream to their green tea mousse is just amazing.~sushi desserts ice cream tea ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Fc3gJXnBVm-y3j-fny51GA~The only thing I wanted when I went to Vegas was prime rib. This one was probably the best that I've had in Vegas. It was nicely cooked. Rare in the middle and the sauce really tops it off.  They also had Chilean sea bass, which is usually really good if it's seasoned and cooked well. This one was just alright. It was cooked well, but unfortunately was not seasoned the best. I added a little salt and it was fine.  I also enjoyed their grilled veggies in the Mediterranean section. Although the eggplant was slightly oily, they were grilled and seasoned to perfection. I loved them!  Lamb: No good. I was bummed. It wasn't overcooked, but the flavor was just not there. They game taste was overpowering, which leads me to believe that the meat is not fresh or the meat was prefrozen.  Pastas were quite good, but who wants to fill their stomachs up with pasta at a $40 buffet?  Desserts were just alright. The bananas flambe didn't look too appetizing. I was a bit disappointed that they ran out of creme brulees actually. BUT their ice creams surprisingly very very tasty. They had a choice of pineapple, vanilla, chocolate, coffee and lemon yogurt. I tried pineapple and vanilla and the ice cream was so smooth and tasted very good.   I would definitely come back.~lamb pasta desserts pineapple coffee lemon pineapple ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MgTd8rki7n-pNu-tRJByKA~One of my top favorite places for dinner in the city.  Their truffle oil popcorn is totally signature, and really yummy!  I've eaten here numerous times, and their Graze burger is always worth every penny.  I recall it won some kind of prestigious burger award at a contest out in NY.  The ambient is one of the best in the City, imho, for a more formal dining experience without being too culturally stuffy.~popcorn burger burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JUB5_OywgMTkPDbIv5TB0Q~The service was okay, but the food was phenomenal! I recommend coming at happy hour and getting the Big Ass Burger. It is exactly what it states and is delicious.~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gHPhRrXt78BUknEVrm950Q~Excellent ambiance and the best cheese curds in town. They have great house wine on tap as well. I wish the whole menu changed more than just the seasonal section. Some of their old standbys are getting a bit...old.~cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~a3R6wBlPAx0J6AurFd7XRg~Great drinks and terrific food. The best cheese curds in town. The mac and cheese is amazing.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~CP5SEcMcWdYWP44MGpSBlw~They renew the buffet a little be and rise the price. The notable change is they have oyster now and u can oder coffee and tea for fee. The crab leg is good . However they change the real followers, which I like very much, to fake ones in the atrium. Overall is one of the best buffet in town. I recommend it.~coffee tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZTbPFnxOtQv8lzprdPfaEQ~My mom and I were looking for a restaurant with a southwestern feel so we went to Roaring Fork. The service was great. The food was good my chicken was a little salty but still very tasty. We tried their signature side (chili macaroni) which was very tasty and their margarita drinks was tasty and strong. When I am in the area again I will def make a visit.~chicken ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~4ZB_LkRWQCW81oyCF_OAkQ~My co-worker has been telling me about this place since last year, but I never went. Last week, I finally went a bought half a dozen for my sister's birthday. I was somewhat disappointed in them because the chocolate cupcakes were good, they were moist, soft and just the right amount of sweetness. The vanilla cupcakes on the other hand were dry. Even the icing on them were dry. I should have just got all chocolate cupcakes. The service is excellent so no complaints there.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VixVrAwJ6SxOGtJNrqP85A~My wife and I are in Scottsdale for spring training. We selected Roaring Fork based on Yelp reviews and our personal dining interests. Our experience met all of our expectations. We arrived on a Sunday evening without reservations. We were directed to the bar area by a very cordial hostess where seating was "first come first serve". We found a table and were given both the bar menu and the restaurant menu. Happy hour prices for both drinks and bar menu are all day on Sunday. We had a very delightful meal of a salad and appetizer selection of fish tacos and beef tenderloin sliders. Service was excellent as was the ambience of the facility. I highly recommend this venue.~salad tacos beef ~5 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~z4am6J9HxfL8C_-CGNp8HA~When it's summer time in Vegas there's nothing like an ice cream or frozen yogurt to cool you down. Yogurtland is different in that it's all self serve. You pick the frozen yogurt and you pick the toppings that you like and they charge you by weight.   There are many different flavors but my favorites are birthday cake batter and red velvet. They also change them out and have special flavors at different times. I wanted to try maple glazed donut on my last visit but it just came out liquid :(  Other than that I really like this place and I'm glad they opened a Henderson location so I can get my fix whenever I need it!~ice cream frozen yogurt frozen yogurt cake ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~GzKC_7PJ519C7OILqUWKEg~I dishonor da famiree cuz my #1 priority when I go to buffets isn't the seafood...  it's mashed potatoes.  And The Buffet @ Wynn? THEY DO THEIR MASHED POTATOES RIGHT.  If you need some convincing whether ~ 60 FOR DINNER is worth it automatically got charged 18 gratuity for parties of 8 or more fuuu I got THREE WORDS FOR YOU TRUFFLE MASHED POTATOES BEST MASHED POTATOES ON THE STRIP MAYBE EVEN MY WHOLE LIFE No I m not still on another level from my Fat Tuesday this is serious Flawlessly creamy fans of potato lumps beware because there are none found in this pot of heaven Decadent This is the jackpot that will compensate for what you lost at the poker table But as for everything else truth isssssssss I d say iiiiiiit s mediocre Things I can recall OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER dry like the oyster never saw the ocean Try one for yourself to see if you re luckier than I was SEA BASS creamy tender flaky yum TACOS did not taste authentic at all TAMALES no meat but surprisingly good ASIAN BRAISED PORK BELLY ooooooh baby this was good It was mixed in a stir fry with green beans THE DUMPLINGS decent SUSHI did not look appealing to me CARVING STATION miso rubbed steak was good a smidge dry Prime rib was forgettable Turkey looked like it s been sitting at Encore Beach Club since last Thanksgiving and I m typing this 6 30 16 DESSERT custom crepes and the wheel of life i mean the bountiful selection of ice creams you ll see what I mean once you re there was nice Other than that all the desserts I tried were meh 10 VEGAN FRIENDLY highlight of our meal was seeing our two vegan friends feast at this buffet with glee Pbbbbt when would you ever see those words in the same sentence vegan glee buffet I KNOW They truly do cater to vegetarians vegans here by giving them a personal tour of the food selection to show what s compatible with their diet even desserts and the chefs made them a personal VEGAN PIZZA WOW totez cool 3 5 5 OVERALL i d definitely come back here if I returned with my vegan friends but if I m in Sin City to sin via overdosing on copious amounts of food I ll take my money elsewhere Like others have hinted in their reviews there is a lack of quality and innovation at this buffet that doesn t match the prestige reputation of the hotel You won t be leaving here thinking That meal was epic and worth my like you would after Bacchanal but it s worth a try P S don t be fooled by the waitress saying they have fresh lemonade unless by fresh they mean freshly added water to some powder mix SKIIIIIIP~potato oysters rockefeller - tacos - tamales - pork green beans. sushi - miso steak desserts desserts! 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bfhqIyoiA8kmmPBHiTR3UQ~Loved this place!  The boyf and I were in Madison for the weekend and decided to try this place out.  We were a little worried that they don't take reservations (especially after we got into town and realized it was Winter Fest), but the wait was really not long.  When we walked in, there were a lot of people waiting, and the hostess told us it would be about 45 minutes.  It was really only about 25 minutes.  In the meantime, we grabbed a couple beers from the bar.  It took a while to order them, but the bartenders were working their asses off, so I'm not going to criticize them on that front.    Our waiter was totally friendly and calm despite how busy the restaurant was.    To start, we ordered the artisan bread basket and half a dozen oysters.  The breads were sooo gooood.  A couple crusty rolls, a piece of rosemary focaccia, and what I think was a small brioche.  All were hot and delicious, and they came with both an herb butter and a garlic butter.  I didn't have any of the oysters, but the boyf enjoyed them.  There were 2 each of 3 different kinds, and he said the Kumamotos were his favorite.  He said the Naked Cowboy ones seemed like they might have been frozen (who knows).  Can't remember what the third kind was, but he liked them.    The boyf had the spiced rainbow trout entree and totally loved it.  I had a small piece, and it was really good.  I had the mac and cheese and the lamb meatballs.  I did really like the mac, although it's not the best I've ever had.  The lamb meatballs were om nom nommmmmmm.  Get them.  For dessert we split a pear and cherry crumble with a scoop of housemade ice cream.  So.  Good.  It had a wonderful hint of ginger, and the ice cream was dreamy.  Definitely eating here again the next time I'm in Madison.~breads focaccia butter garlic butter mac and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~e9S3P7W-bEdkB8AAynYnzg~I recall the best tasting salmon of my life making such a good impression, it's the only thing I desire. Food is cooked to perfection. The views are breathtaking out there! I feel like eating here can't be topped in all of AZ.~salmon ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~gSdoI8hAC_v-NmnwQpis-A~So I got butter chicken, palak paneer (spinach and Indian cottage cheese) and chhole chicken.  Let me start by saying that the choice they have is enormous. Butter chicken was so sweet that I couldn't eat it. Butter chicken is from India, and the original recipe doesn't have any sweetness. I don't know who came up with the idea.   Palak paneer and chhole were not bad. Naan was mediocre. Service was nothing to write home about. Prices at least 10% higher than what other Indian Pakistani restaurants charge.   So given a choice of rather go to Gerard Street for Pakistani food.~butter chicken paneer spinach cottage cheese ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jGDAMrLSfqZt7i575lCnrQ~OMG...so this place is the place to go for happy hour...the bar is awesome and its alot of fun to go with friends...I absolutely love the mojitos...I love all three flavors the citrus, orange and the original.  I am just a mojito lover!   Okay and now there is the delicious food!  The reason you go with a group is so you order alot of the happy hour menu so you can try everything!  There is the guacamole, the queso dip and roasted tomato salsa.  Those two are great to eat with your first drink.  Then you should order the Fondue with the Lamb chops-DELICIOUS and maybe accompany that with the Kettle of Green Chile Pork with the tortillas!! OMG can you say heaven!!! It is just fabulous. Of course you should be enjoying this round with another drink!  Then for the last round you get the "Big Ass" Burger and the Crab Cake!  The burger is fabulous!  It is not my top but its definitely worth the mention and you cannot fault them for that because it is still delicious!  The crab cake is quality not just those typical cakes that are made of all bread and you cannot really tell if its a crab cake.  It is awesomel I like the chipotle butter!  Anyways, that is my suggestion and review of this fantastic restaurant!  I love it!  It is a great deal and the food is quality and fabulous!~tomato salsa lamb pork tortillas burger crab cake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZCXq2qAtO6kGkL0qak11Lg~Went here with my mind already made up that I was going for the Graze burger.  I ordered it cooked medium.  Even though the burger didn't come out medium (it came out medium well) it was still a fantastic burger.  It says on the menu that the burger is a composition of ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs.  I didn't taste any bacon at all but I go back to flavor.  The flavor was phenomenal.  Also, one tiny detail I wished they could look into is getting a little finer grind on the hamburger meat.  It was chunky and that was probably the reason for it being a touch overcooked.  I don't mind paying $21 for a phenomenal burger if it's worth it and this one was.   The small stuff I am pointing out is just minor details.  The good of the burger is how well it meshes with the rest of the components, the caramelized onions, cabernet jus, and compound butter were in perfect harmony with the meat and that is what makes this burger 5 stars. This burger does not need anything else on it to shine because it shines bright like a diamond.  Service was decent, nothing spectacular but good enough.~burger burger burger burger bacon ribs bacon hamburger burger burger butter burger burger ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~qkEXDxzEbtKe01lth6HJGg~One of my FAVORITES in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area! Their menu is a changing menu, but the best way to describe the food is american steakhouse with an Asian twist. From the sides of kimchi brussels sprout & bacon hash to my entree of miso glazed salmon - all of the food is on point. Some of our favorite appetizers included kimchi bacon and fiery calamari! Make sure to try a little bit of everything as all of the food was definitely on point.   As if the food wasn't enough - if the weather is nice you should also request to sit outside! Even if the sun has already sit, the great weather with the outdoor seating adds many more stars to this restaurant experience. Our first time here we sat inside, and it was just as great!   During the summer this year, on week nights they had half price bottles of wine, so that was also a cherry on top!  I hope you enjoy Elements as much as we did!~bacon miso salmon appetizers bacon cherry ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~wvs5bi3J3zbupMNK-vbKqw~Boy was I disappointed and embarrassed. I had friends visiting from out of state, and I told them that Honey Bear's was the best bbq in town. We arrived Sunday night around 7pm. They were out of ribs...My friends ordered the rib and chicken combo. One substituted the rib tips for the ribs,  and the other friend ordered sliced beef. I ordered a half lb of pulled pork and two sides. They ended up "finding" some ribs for one of the orders, but there were obviously boiled or pressure-cooked and not slow smoked.. The chicken came out 10 minutes after the rest of the food, and it was also either microwaved or pressure cooked.. My food, (which was ordered a couple of minutes after theirs) took over 30 minutes to arrive.  I overheard them telling the people sitting behind me that they were out of almost everything..  Then, to top it all off, we were overcharged.  We showed them a four square check in which was supposed to get me one free side, but I was still charged for both my sides. The cashier girl was new and obviously in WAY over her head.   I was so embarrassed after raving about this place, to have it be so very bad...~honey ribs chicken ribs beef pulled pork ~1 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~MaRgNILN_rxFu9PswZGWJA~Really enjoyed the lunch that my and I had here the other day. Since it was a week day, there was barely anyone in the restaurant. We both ordered the shrimp salad. It was really delicious- the shrimp was not overly seasoned and it was grilled to perfection. The greens in the salad was remarkably fresh. Above all else the service was excellent. I think one of the reasons we really love this place is that it is tucked away and it's in a resort. So everything is on the higher end and everything is immaculate. Looking forward to coming back for lunch, dinner and staying at the resort.~shrimp salad shrimp greens salad ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~FrHQDjrViuqFha8pwR0J6A~The owner's father, Robert Wholey, spoke to us.  His grandfather started the fish market down the street.  He was a gracious host, the food was amazing.  This place gave us a great impression of Pittsburgh.  The crab cake sandwich and fried calamari were excellent.  Portions were huge.  Great, open-air casual space.~crab cake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~QMf9gTp1nd_rQH6UjfrO2A~This place is interesting.  The space is awesome, high ceilings, chalkboards, industrial lighting and an incredible view of the capital.  The bloody mary was great as was my scramble, magic coffee, & beet salad.  Service was not great and thus a 1 star subtraction.  Food was slow and servers were not attentive but props for everything being local.  I would absolutely eat here again.~coffee beet salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Am5mxdy6j8AAMeAOAb_q1Q~I had never been to the Roaring Fork before, but I was excited to try it, based on the recommendations from friends and family.  I was pleased with our meal - we had a variety of items, and all were very well done. We loved the heirloom tomato salad with goat cheese and arugula. This was probably our favorite thing. We also tried the lamb chop fondue, which was very good, but a little difficult to eat. I'd still recommend it though.  We decided to split the Big Ass Burger, for which I am glad, since it was huge, and it came with fries. This item was so memorable, since I loved the poblano pepper on the burger. Since we were splitting, we also ordered the green chili mac and cheese. This was delicious! I'll definitely try it again.  Very courteous wait staff, and very nice ambient room. I can't wait to go back for half-priced appetizers!~tomato salad cheese arugula lamb burger fries poblano burger mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sw6mLB1kzzns_qnX8snyYg~Came here for Brunch on a Sunday and was disappointed. The hub and I had eaten here about a month before and it was very good. However, this time made us a little sad. Brunch at Roaring Fork is served buffet style and although we were excited at first about all of the offerings, our excite slowly decreased as we ate our food. We have begun to conclude that most buffets are not a good idea since the food never seems to be fresh. This, unfortunately, was no different with The Roaring Fork Buffet. Yes, all of the RF popular eats were displayed to try, however, had this been my first time here trying these items, we would have never wanted to go back. Thank god this was not our first time here, otherwise, we would not have known how good the green chili stew and cheesy grits truly are. Here are some details: The hubby and I tried almost everything which included Eggs Benedict on biscuits, chicken chiliquiles, herbed pork tenderloin, fruit parfait, fresh fruit, breakfast quesadillas, bananas foster bread pudding, sage and cornbread stuffing, green chili stew and tortillas, Chopped salad with ranch, Cheesy grits, fried chicken and loaded mashed potatoes, candied jalapeno slaw, chocolate opera cake, biscuits and meatball gravy, and roasted sweet corn. Out of all of that, the only items that were decent was the loaded mashed potatoes, bread pudding, jalapeo slaw, breakfast quesadillas, cornbread stuffing, fresh fruit (hell how can you screw that up) grits, and opera cake. I say decent because none were good or great, they were simply ok since they were not very fresh. The remaining items were a huge disappointment though. The Benedicts had overcooked eggs and not enough hollandaise (they should have had a dish of hollandaise off to the side in case you wanted more and because the hollandaise already on the Benedicts got kinda congealed and hard), Fried chicken had no flavor to it and was overcooked, green chili stew was not the same as the cheesy melty goodness we had had a month ago ordering the same thing, and honestly, the meatball gravy on the biscuits was absolutely horrendous. I usually don't feel the need to spit things out but the meatball gravy was very hard to consume and was to the point of being downright inedible. In any event, I still give this place 3 stars as the service was very good, the dining area was very nice, and I know how great their food can be during the dinner hours. My suggestion and hope for if I ever am forced (yes it would never be my own decision to go) to do brunch again is that they come up with a regular brunch menu in which you must choose and all items would be prepared fresh. Otherwise, I honestly feel that the brunch buffet is only giving The Roaring Fork negative feedback. As I stated earlier, if I was a first time customer coming for brunch, I would not return after this experience and I believe this would be the case with alot of first time customers.~grits eggs benedict chicken pork quesadillas tortillas salad grits fried chicken ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~UIxr5GXD5VN3IqN6ejZcZQ~My friends wanted to eat "Southwest cuisine," so I Yelped and the Roaring Fork came up. The reviews were good, so we gave it a try.  EXCELLENT service at the bar (there were no tables available at 7pm on Thursday night).  Waiter and staff were prompt and knowledgeable, and willing to make recommendations.  I had the soup - was ok, not something I'd order again, but I wasn't that hungry.  Husband had prime rib and pronounced it among the best pieces of meat he'd ever consumed (this is no small compliment).  Friends split the Big Ass Burger (making it a "half ass burger"?) and pronounced it excellent.  We were very satisfied with our meal and the service. We didn't eat enough or spend enough time to warrant a 5-star, but I would definitely recommend to friends.~soup burger burger ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~qYH6DQjh2EA1ncCI9qepuQ~Very possibly my most superb dining experience ever!The food - asparagus leak soup, kimchi bacon, vodka and beet cured salmon, kurobuta pork chop and more were outstanding! So many flavors in each bite. The service was unique- I have never before been addressed by name throughout the entire meal at a public restaurant. The constructed and designed by people ambience is spectacular. So are the outside views.~asparagus soup bacon beet salmon pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~DXcvbLNA9t8_qw4eJIGVcQ~I'm not sure what a "good buffet" is. All the buffets I've been to have been pretty much the same. It kind of reminded me of Vegas Buffet here in Los Angeles.. That's the best comparison I can give to it. Except it is so whimsically decorated, I felt like Alice in Wonderland at her tea party. I didn't want to eat my fill and rock a full belly out to the rest of Vegas so I took little bits of what I thought would taste good on a big plate and I ended up being happy with my meal.. My favorite little thing was the fried clams but I came during lunch so there was an omelette bar, and no crab legs :( ah well. The line was so long, we just paid the extra $10 for a line pass because ain't nobody got time for that!~tea ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KbC011QnxJmbZWmRBgSxvg~Went with a party of 16 and loved this place.  I had the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin with a side of the green chili mac and cheese and it was excellent.  My wife had fish tacos which were great as well.  Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they got.  The carnitas looked good and my friend said he enjoyed them.  His girlfriend had a filet and the one bite I tried of it was excellent.  The location is a little different, as people have said...but once you get in the front door, it's a cool atmosphere and the patio in the back is very nice and spacious.  I highly recommend trying this place out.~bacon pork mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~b_TEbWuJ2DMOmmIJugn79A~Not much I can say that hasn't been covered.  Comfortable upscale - Western decor, well laid out room, and you can count on consistently great service, food and libation.  Definitely dig the happy hour - what a great place to start!  Also dig how perfect the Manhattan was.  It's shocking how many places screw up such a classic (and truly simple) cocktail.    Some friends were in from out of town and really wanted to go here for dinner. Kenneth, our server was flawless!  (And I am not just saying that becuase I recognized him from a restaurant he used to work at and we have friends in common.)  Within our group, we had the pork green chile, fried chicken, salmon, ribs and lamb.  A couple sides of green chile mac, a side of asparagus, and a couple to-go boxes at the end!  All the dishes were fresh, flavorful, and plated beautifully.  Will definitely be back - and I have plans on working my way through the happy hour drink list.  What a wonderful goal! :)~pork fried chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ALyU74RmVHyybj-un43B1g~I go to Vegas at least 5 to 6 times a year for bowling. I was in Vegas this past weekend for sweepers and since I was top for women's, I won quite a bit of money. Since I had money to spend and being that it was Father's Day weekend, I wanted to take my parents out to somewhere nice and somewhere they haven't tried.   We ran across Wynn Hotel & Casino and wanted to try something new. The entrance to the buffet is kind of hidden from the main gambling area, but there are signs that are helpful to find it. We arrived around 6:30pm, which we knew it was a little late, but we didn't expect it to take 1 hour to get seated.   Once we paid and got to the hostess, we were seated fairly quickly. The waitress that took our drink order was very prompt in refilling and taking our plates from our table.   The food was not salty like most buffets that I've been to. The crab legs were seasoned just right. The prime rib was very soft and tender except that it was a little under cooked for me. It was a little more on the rare side and I like my steak medium. It's just preference. Other then the food, the creme brulee was not too thick and had just the right amount of caramelized top. The fruits were fresh as well.   I would definitely go back when I win some more money.  ^_~ So if you re going to eat at this place 1 Arrive Early 2 Bring lots of money because it was like 38 90 per person 3 Make sure you make room in the tummy for some yummy~steak 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~kT3GMFbIYJYNPxLKuTfVvw~For a first time experience, this place was GREAT. We came at around 12 on a Wednesday, so the place was pretty empty and we were seated immediately.   The service was what you hope for when you go out...we had Chris and he was completely attentive, knowledgeable, and just so upbeat and happy he made our first time excellent. He went out of his way to make sure we were happy!   The food was WOW! We came for the lunch menu, so it was very reasonably priced (im not sure what dinner is like). Obviously you have to come with a taste for seafood, but they have an incredible selection of sandwiches, entrees, apps, and sushi. My group for the ahi tuna sandwich, lobster roll, and shrimp po boy and we all left completely satisfied but not over stuffed which was perfect!   Absolutely recommend this place if your looking for something perfect to eat in the strip.~sandwiches sushi tuna sandwich lobster roll shrimp ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~Fqyh6U_AqKLUSLAzE8hgfw~I LOVE Prairie Girl. The best cupcakes in the city (in my opinion). My favourite is def the strawberry. I have ordered multiple times for many occasions, and always get their custom cakes for events! :_~cupcakes ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~i-FQ78wCZvYeHewZG62yJw~What more can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? The food, the atmosphere, Chef Tory Miller- they just can't be beat. The cheese curds trump even the Old Fashioned's, and I salivate at the mere thought of the beet and walnut burger. Don't even get me started on the bibimbap... Needless to say, the food is otherworldly (in such a simple-and-clean-cuisine way), and the drinks aren't bad either. Graze is the epitome of Madison farm-to-table and I swear I love it more each time I go. Hands down my favorite Madison restaurant.~cheese beet burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZxQPZ3jVYj_R42S3Ze_kFQ~Happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays. Oh yes...who can complain about that? Answer: Nobody, except when you get there too late and all the tables have been taken. Womp womp.  The weird thing about this place is the location. Tucked into the corner of an office complex? Very strange.   However, I can appreciate food, especially the "Big Ass Burger" that lives up to its name. The thing is ginormous for a typical restaurant burger. Another item I love is the kettle of green chile pork with buttered tortillas. Pair that with a HH margarita and you're doin' just right.  Good restaurant, solid food and service. Come for happy hour on Sunday and/or Monday, but get there early.~burger burger pork tortillas ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~iOpD0_hvnk5Jy4WwUufLXg~Things I liked about Graze: 1. The elderflower margarita  2. The goat cheese dumplings  3. The French fries  Things I didn't like about Graze: 1. The loud, echo-y room 2. The hype around local when a good part of the menu is not 3. The long wait time and not taking reservations  A very nice meal but I wanted to love it more than I did. I had the Bahn Mi, which was tasty, but I wanted it to be either more authentic or more inventive. Instead it was stuck in the middle. Full of fresh Thai basil but also with dry ham that did nothing to enhance the flavor.   The service was friendly and informative and I liked the carafe of water on the table.~cheese french fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NZvPGwA1T7M5wAHwBROLnw~Went here for the first time when my parents came in to visit for the weekend. We had originally planned to go to the Old Fashioned because I'd heard so much about it, but the wait was over 1.5 hours! We all LOVED Graze. My parents are really picky about loud places, and we found this place to be not loud at all. I've read some other reviews complaining about the noise and it makes me wonder if we were in the same restaurant? We had an easy 30 minute wait, during which time we sat at the bar and conversed with the bartenders over wine and their homemade bread basket ($4). My mom was super impressed with the bartender, who seemed to notice that she has been deciding between some red wine and their seasonal punch, and brought her a generous sample of their punch on the house. The entrees that we got were the mac and cheese with pork ($12), pork3 ($22), and trout (maybe $18? can't remember). We had nothing but praise for all of these! They were all fantastic and we were very impressed. The food being from local farms only added to the experience. Everyone was very friendly and not pretentious.  Not sure about the other low reviews on here, but we had  fantastic time. We were glad the Old Fashioned was full so we got to try this place instead.~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~aXLN9I5hKBxCksbetrWJ_w~Consistency.  That's what I love most about Honey Bears.  I'll disagree that "you don't need no teeth", but I will say that the chicken is juicy, the beans are incredible, and the hot sausage is amazing. Your sweet heat vinegar bbq sauce is delicious. Your service is fast, and you serve some off-brand sodas on tap, which makes me smile everytime.  But every time I have had a meal here, it has been tasty. Have I had better BBQ? Yes. However, your location and consistent experiences have kept me a fan.   Smoke your ribs longer, please.~honey chicken sausage ribs ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PIgKX1gd0i7UQVQC5Z-tqw~Good happy hour, green chili cheese with tortillas and the pork wings are really done well.  The big ass burger is a top choice here, the roasted chicken is good a little on the salty side, but I'm all about that so I liked it, they roast it there in front which is nice. Overall good food.~cheese tortillas pork burger chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~aLFxFaDsgZcIXQk04D8EIQ~Graze is really excellent. I highly recommend the bibimbop and the fried cheese curds. The brunch is really great too. I love the atmosphere--it is wonderful to sit outside or next to the huge glass windows that look onto the capital square.~cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NAzNiVoLFtQ6k7YebeqFfA~Love how they use local ingredients.  Was a little disappointed in the House Pickles. Was somewhat mild in flavors more so in the kimchee. The Pork buns were mouth watering. Soft bun, crisp/juicy meat and condiments made it come together. The mac and cheese my look small but it is filling. The Bibimbap was excellent with the crisp rice, spicy gochujang and you can't go wrong with a sunny side egg on top.~pickles pork mac and cheese ~5 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~_fdnv8ddYn7oX15CXH_qeA~Oven and Vine was awesome! A great experience from the start to the finish. I knew that Dylan and Michelle had opened a new restaurant (they used to have Portlands, a place that I dearly loved) but I was not sure where it was located. I was so excited when some friends of mine took me to Oven and Vine this week and it was their new place.  I had the green chili pork, it was amazing!! Our server was very attentive, friendly and prompt. Food was not only great, but hot and attractive presentation. I will most definately be returning to Oven and Vine!~pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~oxOdrI7K1WgkdN7bqZGyrw~After hearing so many good things about this place, my bf and I decided to try it out since we were in the area.  It's located in an office building off of the main road, which is kinda weird.  Upon entry, we were immediately greeted.  They were having some decent happy hour specials such as cheaper appetizers and $5 drinks.  We managed to grab the last table at the bar area.  Shortly after we seated ourselves, the waiter came over and was prompt with putting our orders in.  My bf loved the margarita, but it was a bit too sour for me.  For our entrees, I got the fried chicken and my bf got the beef ribs tacos.  My fried chicken was very good, but I have to admit the bf got the better entree.  The meat on his tacos were incredibly tender and the flavors were more complex than I imagined for a taco.  My fried chicken had perfectly crispy skin and the gravy was delicious.  The mashed potatoes were a bit runny for my liking, but I do like them thicker.  My bf thought it was a close match between his tacos and the fried chicken.  The food and drinks came out quick.  Service was very professional.  I wouldn't mind returning here.  My only hesitation is that outside of the burger, entrees are kinda pricey since they start at $17.  The food is very good, however.~appetizers fried chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wps-_TN_u4uzbOsWaBDCZg~Clean, and not extremely crowded.  I've been to various buffets in Vegas, but what struck me the most about the Buffet at the Wynn was the fact that it was clean and neat. Then again, it was a Thursday night.  I was there during the Wynn's 5th anniversary, and so with 55 points on your Red card, you could get a free meal at the buffet. Sign me up! After some heavy playing on the slots, I got my 55 points and my "free" buffet.  It was my first time at the Wynn, so I spent some time wandering and looking at all the choices while everybody else made a beeline to the stations that they liked the most.  There is a seafood station on one side, with cocktail shrimp and crab legs. Most people were loading up on them. The seafood was good, and the cocktail sauce was a lot spicier than I'm used to. It definitely had a kick to it.  As you walk along the rest of the buffet, they had some international food stations, featuring Chinese (with lo mein, and dumplings), Indian (curry, lamb, etc), Italian (pasta station, osso bucco), the requisite carving station, and then some hot seafood items (various fish in different sauces). The other end of the buffet had a charcuterie, salad bar, and soup.  Towards the center of the buffet area was the dessert station, which was probably my favorite due to the all the pretty desserts in the little plastic containers, and the crepe and waffle station.  Overall, I thought the food was better than I had expected. Because it was a buffet, I didn't expect the food to be amazing (even though it was the Wynn), so I was definitely surprised by the fresh quality of the food. Nothing really tasted as if it had been sitting out under the heating lamps for hours on end. I was disappointed by the sushi selection, however, and consisted of two different rolls.  Overall, the food selection wasn't as varied as what you would find at some of the other buffets.  However, I think that's a good thing because one problem I have with buffets is that I always feel like I didn't get to try everything I wanted because there was just too much to choose from (I'm quite indecisive at times). Therefore, having a varied, but slightly more limited selection, allowed me to enjoy my meal fully without wondering if I "missed something at that really far away station I couldn't get to".  I also liked the crepe station because it's made right in front of you. However, when they make the (customized) crepe for you, they add a lot of filling to the crepe, so it loses its crispy texture.  Still good, however, but slightly overwhelming in size.    The service here is superb as well.  Our server quickly removed our empty plates and dishes, and refilled our beverages promptly.  The atmosphere is nice as well; it wasn't really loud or noisy so we were able to enjoy our meal, as well as have a good conversation while we were enjoying our after-dinner coffee as well.    This is now one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas, and can't wait to return. While I will, because I ended up getting another free buffet meal courtesy of my Red Card.~shrimp lo mein lamb pasta salad soup desserts waffle sushi coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JYay1s_HB4gwHLXwUrYIpw~My husband and I visited Scottsdale for the July 4th weekend and one of the highlights was our visit(s)to the Roaring Fork.  Lucky for us it was located across the street from the Kimpton FireSky hotel; it was easy to locate.  We sat at the bar during their 4-10pm happy hour and could not stay away; visited 3 times during our 5 day trip. Stephen made our happy hours most enjoyable; along with George and Heidi. Stephen brings happiness to all sitting at the bar; his martinis are the fullest you will ever enjoy.    The food was excellent; big ass burger, pork chili, salmon... You will be surrounded by locals that visit weekly which tells you how awesome the food, drinks and overall comfortable atmosphere this place has. While we were there one evening a chef from another prominent restaurant was eating in the bar area too -  he loves the food!   I will definitely return whenever I am visiting Scottsdale. Highly recommended!~burger pork salmon ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~VdIfm8duGZaeiptazROnVQ~Oh so good!!!  We were 7 people and waited in line for maybe 20 minutes on a Sunday at 11am. Not bad at all... Once seated and mimosa drink orders taken we hit the buffet. There were so many choices and everything looked good. I did 2 rounds of "real food" and then we hit up the dessert area.  We were celebrating my mom's b-day and the waitress brought me a candle and matches to use which was very nice of her.  Take a look at my pics and you can see how yummy everything was and the decor was beautiful too.  *What was really cool was our waitress brought us huge coffee cups filled with mimosas to leave with. She topped off our champagne flutes too which we poured in to the to go cups.~coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~f4rG7-_334qID9oqeJLogA~Excellent food. Pork buns are fantastic. The gnocchi is very good. The bibimbap is a very interesting interpretation and is worth a try. Graze burger probably a little overrated... Little bit crowded and acoustics a little strange, but a great view and location.~pork gnocchi burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kcjyTHt74z0LKoNJhckbYg~Happy hour here for us really were happy hourS!  On a Sunday and Monday, happy hour hours are from 4 to 10 PM!  And on all other days, 4 to 7 PM.  This place is gigantic!  A patio is even provided and perfect for November days.  Heat lamps are also available.  Everything we devoured was on point!  All we ordered were appetizers off the happy hour menu.  The pork wings ($8 - 3 big meaty pieces) were amazing and came with a unique Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce!  I love Dr. Pepper!  And I loved how it came with the sauce on the side so you can dip the generous amount of pork wing into the sauce.  I also liked the touch of hominy, pickled veggies, and Cotija cheese sprinkled over the wings.  A+ on the overall balance of this appetizer.  We liked it so much that we ordered another one before finishing up the first one.    We also ordered the Kettle of Green Chili Pork ($8) - this one I also loved!  It really came in a cute little kettle filled with the goods!  Then it also came with hot buttered flour tortillas in foil to keep it warm.  This one just melted in my mouth.  I think this one was probably my favorite out of the three appetizers.  The pork was moist and very flavorful and savory.    And since we were still hungry, we decided to try the Rotisserie Chicken Flat Bread ($8) - also loved this one too.  This flat bread was surprisingly larger than expected - a bonus!  Basil pesto, pepper jack cheese, and tomatoes completed this wonderful flat bread.    I feel like this is the first time in a long time that I've liked every appetizer that I've eaten in one sitting, especially for happy hour.  The food was quality to me.  The portions weren't skimping at all.  And I didn't have to complain about something being dry to the bone or stale.  2 thumbs up for the kitchen staff and menu selection!~appetizers pork pork hominy cheese pork tortillas appetizers pork chicken cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~PM_qqD1J645AYTe__BgDDw~Their cupcakes are always very appealing and tasty. Love their mini size. Also their customer service is always great. Today, an Asian gentleman served us and he was very pleasant. He introduced and explained to us about the new loyalty program called Belly. Meanwhile, I noticed their line got longer and immediately another gentleman from the kitchen came out to help with the line. Very efficient. I have been to the other location on Victoria Street which was always excellent service. This one in the food court is also very good.~cupcakes ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iJ3MoMZwbgWCDy6QJ9jdLg~Ok, the prices on the happy hour menu is kind of high to be happy about but the food is pretty solid.  The sliders are a bit weak - 2 per order, comes on a plate with some horseradish and aujus and fries.  The sliders themselves are actually small bits of sirloin meat.  With the sauce it was actually quite tasty.  The waiter kinda spilled au jus into the horseradish while delivering the plate which kinda made it look unappetizing but I'm glad we pushed through.  :P  The green chili pork is very good.  I like the hint of spice and large chunks of pork.  It comes with a couple of grilled tortillas.    We also tried the chicken flatbread which was a bit more oily than I thought it would be but the pesto flavor really comes through and the chicken bits on top were plenty.    The big ass burger was also delicious, however, a bit dry.  At $11 it really should be juicier.. afterall there are many ten dollar burger places one can go to in that area.  All in all, it's a decent spot for happy hours with friends.  The drinks are a bit weak and they charge $5 each.  There probably are some better spots but I would recommend trying at least sporadically.~horseradish fries horseradish pork pork tortillas chicken chicken burger burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~QukfOzGOrJ2gkRBdPOiGWQ~I was in Madison for work and a friend suggested Graze for dinner.  After a long day of travel and nonstop work, I headed to Graze tired and a little spacey.  I sat at the bar, which was a great idea.  The bartenders were friendly and I ended up sitting next to a very nice guy--a meal that I thought would be fast and impersonal ended up being super pleasant.    I had a few glasses of wine and ordered the more expensive graze burger.  Holy sh*t.  That was a tasty burger.  Juicy, perfectly cooked, oniony, amazing.  GO NOW AND EAT THAT BURGER.  I want one right now.    The view from the bar also can't be beat.  What a lovely little place.  I hope to go back someday!~burger burger burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FUe6mG5hEVnFCuKvDsABrg~I liked the ambiance of the buffet and the selection they had... but I don't know... I can't say I was fully satisfied especially with the price I had to pay (~ 40 on a Sunday afternoon They had quite a selection of foods of different cuisines all around the world I was impressed because the food served are not usually what typical buffets have But honestly there was not really one thing that stood out I guess if anything stood out it was the crab legs I just love crab legs by default and the desserts I loved how they had gelato creme brulee and a crepe station Those are the highlights for me Would I go here again Probably not As my first real trip to Vegas I thought going to the Wynn buffet would be the ideal choice but I guess not I would probably try the buffets at Bellagio or the Rio next time i m in town ~desserts. 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~nPTazmJeOq5-YJZoXvYiCw~For the last couple of years my work crew has had our Christmas party at Oliver Twist.  This year I called Oliver's & Luke's and there was no comparison- Luke was much more flexible and had better offerings for food so I scheduled our party at his restaurant.  I'm so happy I did!  It was outstanding and I received so many compliments from my work crew!  We had just under 30 people total at the party.  We had the party upstairs in the restaurant in the bear lounge and the bar upstairs.    There was quite the spread of appetizers across the upstairs bar including salad station, catfish bites, crab dip with flat bread, veggies, oysters (we didn't even discuss oysters-Luke just gave them to us), chicken skewers, and any drinks we wanted...those catfish bites and that crab dip were so good!!!  Dinner was shrimp scampi, salmon, cod, mashed pots, and we even received 3 cheesecakes!!!  The food, the service, the atmosphere, the flexibility and friendly service of Luke & Jason (the manager) all receive A plus grades and this is easily one of a few top restaurants in town.  I love this place!!!  Highly recommended for parties upstairs.~appetizers salad chicken shrimp scampi salmon ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~-rjvQJYa4MeGl1DlZupAmA~One of the best views in the valley.  Zen atmosphere and decor.  Uptempo lite techno background music.  The food was all perfectly cooked.  The tempura-battered fiery calamari was excellent.  The Halibut and Ahi was fantastic with very complementary sauces. Great dessert.  The staff was friendly and knowledgable...  ...always available without overly "hovering."  HIghly recommended for special occasions and a "splurge."~tempura ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sZeyoGm9o_2FyfF__uEvbg~The food is excellent by bar food standards and they have some unique items. Most people would never think to order popcorn as an appetizer, but they make theirs with truffle oil and it's incredible! They also have great sandwiches, including one made with a duck liver pate that is very good if you like pate. The environment is very sheik. My one minor complaint is that the seating isn't very comfortable, but I still highly recommend checking this place out.~popcorn sandwiches ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~U5HXjw2cCXABOxJvN-vGcw~If you are heading here for happy hour, I am about to give you the best Yelp advice ever. Go early and scope out tables that are paying their check, stand there and wrestle any interlopers to the floor in a fight to the death. Why? Because my party was polite and gave our names to wait for a happy hour table as they were all full. We sat there while 20 or so people just barged through the hostess podium and snagged up every seat that was opening up. Being somewhat intelligent, we learned to do the same and finally got a spot in the bar, which is the only place that serves happy hour drinks and specials. I think if you go there by five you may get a seat instantly, otherwise, use my ninja method and you will access the greatness that is The Roaring Fork.   Super vibe, everyone glad to be there. Wait staff is overworked with the crazed happy hour bunch, so if you're having a date night, sit in the upscale dining area that will impress your special someone. People were well-dressed, mainly professionals and quite a few retirees (Area is full of senior neighborhoods).   The happy hour drinks do not skimp on the alcohol. Quite the opposite, so have a DD. The big ass burger is a must, we also got raves on the chili verde pork and salads. Nothing was sub par except the learning curve on figuring out how to get into this place.   My advice to the management would be to actually require the hostess to seat people, so that the rudest, pushiest people do not win. Take names and have your seating be as beautiful a thing as your food. Because those pushy people are also walking around the place like sharks hunting prey and we found that to be very annoying.~date burger pork salads ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~AKh27jPoBjnfuKykPlnGeg~I have now been to Mad Mex twice, both with disappointing results.  Mad Mex is about authentic as Taco Bell, that's not a complaint - I just want anyone else reading these reviews should realize this is not true Mexican food. However, they DON'T try to be and are in your face about it which I like. It pisses me off more to fake something and do it poorly than to take parts of it and do it well.  I like the theme and design of the restaurant, the rusted steel plates, cowboy/Inca art motifs, its obviously a fun atmosphere and they have done a great job and spent a lot of money in design. Perhaps they should spend some of that money in training their servers. One of the servers knowledge of the food was pretty bad, I asked three simple questions about menu items and only 1 could be answered. The two she couldn't answer there was no attempt to find out - a simple "I don't know" seemed as an acceptable answer. However, the server we had on another visit was much better.  For starters we have tried the pepito hummus - great idea, but salty, very very salty, the other starter I've tired is the chicken tortilla soup - the soup was good even though there was not one piece of chicken in it. It's definitely not a traditional tortilla soup instead you have rustic cream of tomato soup with garlic, cumin and other spices. As I said not traditional - good - very mild flavor, it could have used a little bit more spiciness and of course the chicken the menu proclaimed it had.  I have read and was told that their burritos were very good so the first time I tried Chicken Fajita Burrito. These are knife and fork burritos that come out square. On the side is Pico de Gallo, which in my case was warm, contained the tomato core and was flavorless. My burrito contained bland rice, unseasoned black beans, red and green bell peppers and onions - some burnt, cheese and chicken. I guess the idea was to throw the bell peppers and onions in and viola you have fajita style, unfortunately it had no fajita seasoning so it didn't really work. There was a  nice smoky flavor to the chicken which helped. But overall this burrito needed some serious help - it was bland on the flavors, even the addition of salt would have helped it out. One last comment is the tortilla that was used, a quick trip on the griddle was needed or maybe finish the tortilla in a press but it came out very white, with a doughy almost uncooked flavor.  On the second visit my partner had the Mad Mex burrito with steak and was very disappointed, he thought they had forgot to put the steak in it until the very end he found 4 pieces of meat in the very corner of the square-itto. Until then he was just eathing plain rice and beans - not good.   On the second visit I tried the Dance Marathon enchilada and this resembled and tasted very little like a true enchilada. All they did was put a very small ladle of ancho sauce on the plate, then put on the chicken spinach and mushrooms and top that with tomatillo sauce. Then throw a tortilla on top. Put the required rice and beans on the plate and you have a rather poorly executed and plain tasting dish of food.  Mad Mex looks like a great place to enjoy some drinks, but if what I had was representative of the rest of the  menu offerings I would pass on eating there again - food was very under par and someone should tell them that Mexican foods carry bold flavors - they should at least try to add some of those flavors to what they serve.  Ambiance 5 stars Food 1.5 Stars Service 2.5 Stars  3 Stars and that's only because I really liked the ambiance.~taco bell chicken soup soup chicken soup tomato soup ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~q_b-qprf2NWy01htjFE49g~I was here once and never ever did I want to go back. I seriously do not know why so many people like this place.  Half my co-workers hate it (Indian/Pakistanian and non-Indian-Pakistanian) and the other half love it.    So keep in mind, I am coming here sober expecting a good lunch.  I ordered one of their combos, which included a couple types of chicken and some naan bread.  It looked good on the counter.    However, then they put it on a plate and nuke it.  WTF?  Shouldn't the steam tables be working to keep the food hot? This immediately made me lose my appetite. Food could have been sitting there for over 24 hours for all I know!!!    I still go with it and then when I see it, all i see is one plate of rice with a mix of gravy.  I'm still hopeful though.  I go through all the food, and there is barely any meat! It's all oil and sauce.   So we get the naan and at least I have oil to dip it in (even though I only expect to dip bread into oil(olive) in an Italian restaurant).  The naan was pretty good.    So while I'm eating, I turn to the window and see how dirty the window sill is and I see flies and a few ants and am immediately grossed out.  Tried my best to finish it as I hate wasting food, but this food was just plain nasty (so I'm sure this is a great place when you are drunk).  I really wish I could give this place at least 2 stars as I hate giving one star reviews, but I was turned off Indian food for close to 1 year because of this bad experience.    Sorry.~chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dNPemDji0fVqVcWNp4GkmA~Went to the Wynn hotel buffet with high expectations . After all, the Wynn hotel is suppose to be one of Vegas' top hotels... Well, we were disappointed ... We arrived at 7pm , so we figured the food would still be fresh ... That was not the case... I also chose this because of the all u can drink option, which is a plus, but it didn't make up for the food ... Also, we sat by a spot where it stunk like garbage and coffee grounds... Disgusting!!! I considered leaving based on that , but sucked it up...   Unfortunately , we won't ever return to eat here again ... I wanted to like it, but the Wynn let us down... The Bachannal at Ceaser's is 100 times better...~coffee ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~m7_l7KN2cJCd_TjKi9qIRw~The location is superb and the decor is fun and modern, but the food is a mixed bag for me. I've had brunch there and I appreciate the more interesting twists and ingredients used in some old favorites like French Toast. I enjoyed my brunch a lot, as did my friend. I've eaten dinner there which was just okay. On a third visit, I found the cheese curds to be...and I hate to even say this because I love cheese curds...really disgusting.   My group actually had a rather involved conversation about the pros and cons of the cheese curds and most were not fans. Their curds are different, sure, but plenty of local Madison establishments do a slightly different take on cheese curds and they're amazing. These are oddly sweet, the cheese isn't great and the addition of vodka...it comes off as trying too hard (which rings true for some of their other choices as well).  Clearly lots of people love Graze but I think there are much better restaurants within a 1 block walk.~french toast cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5QUZS14M1_nxGiBdCP-GGA~there is nothing else like the buffet at the wynn. i am a big meat eater with an extreme sweet tooth. for me, this place is paradise.  pay for lunch price around 3, get seated and get your waiter to get you some coffee or something, so you can kill time for the roast beef  to come out from the grill. if you just go ahead and eat all the other stuff, you aren't getting your money's worth! forget pasta or bread! you can eat all that at home! make sure you get a nice thick slice from the nice man once its your turn, and pour over plenty of sauce! don't be shy, you won't regret it. the crab legs at the seafood section is awesome too. they are huge with lots of meat inside, and they're already split down the middle so you don't need to struggle getting them out. the flavor is sweet, fresh, and so satisfying!! the dessert room has all these petite desserts: tiramisu, strawberry short cake, caramel rice pudding, raspberry mousse, chocolate cake, creme brulee, icecream, sorbet, crepes, waffles, candied apple on a stick, madelines, you name it, they are all there.  i was so happy to be at the wynn buffet. love love it.~coffee beef pasta desserts cake caramel rice pudding chocolate cake ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~cGwlmRg36zyCS4e1p3nxKg~Would definitely go back and try more things on the menu.   Meats cooked perfectly.  Lots of flavor and seasoning.   Had a braised short rib with a pepper demi. It was really good.... The surprise of the evening was the mash..... Love the horseradish in the mash! So good, such a nice contrast to the rest of the plate.   I took off one star for two things: 1) cold creme brulee, I prefer it a bit warm... Eh to each his own.  2)Caesar salad as tangy but so blah.  Like buffet line salad.  Croutons were homemade but they were burned. Then the romaine was cut gigantic. Had to use my butter knife.  Disappointing because it's meant for butter, just like steak knife is for steak.... Didn't see a salad knife on the table nor expect to need one.~horseradish salad salad romaine butter butter steak steak salad ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~oqHO1ht5mTBv5zLCIhn0FQ~Really good food! Greeni chicken is super. Service a bit slow for my taste, but then again I was myself~chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZlocrPph1xGFEO-lTF_v8g~This is the first time I ate at "Roaring Fork" Happy hour specials: The queso and pork on the appetizer was the best. The hamburger should be shared as it was enormous the French fries meh I've had better. They seemed stale or cooked in old oil... Not worth the calories imo. I had the traditional mojito which was just ok. This is the first time we are here and weren't  100%. However I am at a happy hour so.... There ya go.~pork hamburger french fries ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4TQSRH7Fy1kM0R0I_AT2EA~Tip: Line up around 2pm if you want to get in for brunch price, but want to also have dinner items like crabs.  For AYCE, this is the best experience in terms of service, food quality, and selection. There is often the 45 minute wait during prime time, but when a restaurant is at capacity, you can't fault them for not having enough space. I love their deli meat and cheese selections. I like thin crust pizzas. Their customs omelets are awesome. I think the Asian food is okay but I eat plenty of that already being Korean. People seem to love the crab, but I'm not such a fan. Its a bit cold when you eat it. I like that they cut it half for you so it is the least messy experience I've ever had with crab.  Service is friendly and fast.  We like to finish with their mini tiramisu which is fantastic! It is really strong coffee flavor with all the right texture. We leave with a candied apple and full stomach.  If you want to get drunk, they have $7 all you can drink champagne as well on weekends.~cheese coffee apple ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~OSjMoT25kJOpffrobdBI1A~This place is great! The decor is really nice, and amazing views of the Capitol building through the large glass windows. I didn't think the Popcorn share plate was that great, but the Pickle Board has some great pickled items, super unique and very good. The Graze Burger is a must. I was put off by the description in the menu, as it seemed to be a monstrosity, but order it anyway and it was the perfect size to eat, and absolutely excellent. One of the best burgers I've ever had. If you're feeling breakfast, the Sweet Potato Pancakes are also very good! I look forward to going back to this place next time I visit Madison.~popcorn burger burgers sweet potato ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~nefv1RI21uTV5qKH26xCCw~good drinks, bad food.  my husband became sick after eating the grilled pork dish.  wild horses couldn't get us to return for the food.~pork ~2 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~hbuDzb_i3Fb0t-VCYAlsOQ~We were heading to IKEA to a couch. It was raining and we were hungry so we decided to stop in for a warm bite. The decor is a quirky mix of Mexican, with skulls, weirdly designed animals and cacti.  I ordered a cup of tortilla soup and a chicken quesadilla. My spouse ordered a cup of black bean soup and a chicken burrito. My soup was warm and filling. It had chunks of grilled chicken and some shredded cheese on top. It was the perfect texture with just a little kick. My quesadilla was crispy on the outside and filled to the brim with chunks of grilled chicken, onions, green peppers and cheese. The peppers had been roasted which added flavor. The quesadilla comes with salsa and sour cream but I ordered guacamole too. Yum! My husband's black bean soup was a little plain even though it came with a dollop of sour cream. It could have used a bit of spicyness. His burrito had chunks of grilled chicken, rice, and black beans. Unfortunately it was light on the chicken and heavy on the rice and beans. The burrito also comes with salsa.and sour cream but he too, added guacamole.  It was a nice warm meal on a rainy day.~soup chicken soup chicken burrito ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~ZXk0s0R2E5upD9QBvaGaTg~Jasons Deli has always been my favorite deli place to have a quick meal before returning to work or even just on certain occasions! I wish they had more locations here in Vegas! The big chef salad is usually my favorite but I went with this ranchero grilled chicken wrap! Not too bad..~salad chicken ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~JmhP8v5vli_vQnAH--auug~Holy guacamole! This location has never disappointed me. From the consistently friendly bartenders, to the ingenious selection of beers and spirits, any time I stop in here turns out to be a good time!  On this adventure, I took the chalkboard recommendation and ordered a 12 oz Bomb Bananna Slammin' margarita! Referring back to my opening sentence... holy guacamole what a good idea! Along with my pre afternoon beverage, I ordered the nachos grande with chicken! Which brings me to the disappointing part of my day. While the nachos were everything I dreamed of, the portion was far to large! I decided to grab a doggy bag, so that I could enjoy it again later. Unfortunately, I got distracted and left my doggy bag behind. Sad day.  So learn from my mistakes friends! Don't ever leave your doggy bag behind!  To sum it up, good food, good drinks, and a great atmosphere and service!~nachos chicken nachos ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~OtSMobMzsA2eSEbTkc6JdA~Well... Graze is good, but not great is the short version. Drinks and appetizers were great, but the entrees were definitely so-so. It was storming when we were there and it was SO cool to be in the space for that, so thumbs up for cool atmosphere. I had heard it was loud in there and that is correct, but not necessarily in a bad way. I had the pork cubed and my favorite part was the crispy kale-- the pork belly was not too good. My food also got cold really quickly and I'm not sure why, but it made the root mash gross fast. Yet another place in Madison where it's all about drinks and apps!~appetizers pork pork ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~NdxyzyNudV7JegzgkmHFEA~5 stars for the one of the Best Damm Happy Hour's in the Valley. When it comes to doing happy hour there is only one spot that comes to mind, Roaring Fork has the best deals going whether it is the Green Chili, the Flat bread or the Big Ass Burger these items are fantastic and the Prickly Pear Margarita is a must try... this place is a home run, and they are doiting it every night in the bar for the summer, which means Elliot and the gang down there will be seeing a lot more of us..~burger pear ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~EkS4d-zPkIX9I_dmd0GaEw~This was the second Cuban restaurant I've tried in town, after Rincon Criollo. My friend and I decided on the fried mashed potato with ground beef filling to start. The hard outer shell on the potatoes was great. My friend said that they "found a way to make chicken-fried mashed potatoes." We each decided to order a different sandwich and split them. I got the Cuban sandwich and he ordered the chorizo sandwich. The chorizo was good, with slices of fried chorizo and grilled onions, but the Cuban sandwich was the highlight. With much more meat than at Rincon and a mustard that added just the right amount of spice, I wanted to steal back the half that I gave my friend. We finished things out with the Tres Leches cake, which was as delightful as advertised. This was quite honestly one of the tastiest cakes I have ever tried.   The service was good and our waitress was concerned with making sure we were having a good first experience. The decor was also impressive. All in all, one of the better meals I've had in a while, and I will definitely be coming back often.   One more thing: try the Iron Beer soda. It's reminiscent of Dr. Pepper with a slightly fruitier profile and a more pronounced vanilla flavor.   Varadero has my highest recommendation.~mashed potato ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~fLtqhI_ks4UDXkbkw3KpQg~I like the overall restaurant service is really great food is was  on point the salmon was really good. Great views as well.~salmon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8lwGf-rO6ArU0XpqFNioAw~Am I the only person in the metro Scottsdale  area who doesn't think this place is the cats pajamas? There was no one there under the age of 55, walkers were more prominent than able bodies and the food was ehh. The $14 "big ass burger" I was hyped up about was ok, as were the fries, but nothing phenomenal. Maybe in 20+ years I'll head back with my titanium hip and love the place. Service was on point - extremely attentive and fast - crumb scraper and all.~burger fries ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~8XQxkVRZ6-K0jj7FNqIBqg~I first went there for a dinner party about a year ago. I had a blackened shrimp & asparagus dish served over Jasmine rice and it was delicious. I'm not sure what happened between then and my last visit yesterday, but it definitely wasn't the same. Maybe they have a new chef?   I ordered the same dish, craving that flavor I had last year. But I was sadly disappointed once I received my plate. The asparagus was limp and looked like it has been sitting out for a while. The overall flavor was definitely not as good either. A couple of the shrimp also tasted fishy (ie not fresh). Ironic when their seafood comes from Wholeys SEAFOOD market. :(  It wasn't horrible, but definitely not a great meal. Add to that, there were only 2 servers in the entire dining room, which was almost full. They were busting their butts, but needless to say service was very slow. It took us a good 15 minutes to get drinks. Not the fault of the servers at all though.    I left very unimpressed and probably won't go back.~shrimp asparagus jasmine asparagus shrimp ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~sLVbhoMZZaxivpVHsykCaQ~This place is ridiculous.  For the record, the view is really nice and worth seeing, but the food is atrocious.  It's not that the ideas for a particular dish aren't interesting, it's that the meats, cuts, and vegetables are flavorless and/or terrible.  For a $35 salmon dish, the salmon dish was farmed!  Farmed salmon at a restaurant like this!  What are they trying to pass off on us?!?  Moreover, the wine list was terrible.    So the view may be good but if I remember correctly, you go to restaurants for food.  But, apparently the restaurateurs who conceived the elements don't subscribe to this philosophy.~salmon salmon salmon ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mOcZqQ-WIdT9hENznMi4nQ~This place is a Madison standout in my mind. The burger is without a doubt in Madison's top three (best in my opinion), and the drink selection is ample. It is on the steeper side price-wise but the value is good. The vegetarian options are especially tasty as well. It is also very "homegrown" (locally sourced), almost to the point of being Portlandia-local.~burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Vq5HiAkogqO-MURkvalqrg~Very nice place but the food was too heavy on the butter and oil.  A few artistic options on the menu make it worth a try but will not be on my list of repeats.~butter ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OgwmAdP5bN8OBI-vEs_CFw~We went for happy hour one weekday and ordered a glass of wine, mojito, and a burger.  Happy hour prices were good, the burger was pretty good, but very big, my husband & I shared it, and were full for the rest of the evening.  We found Roaring Fork to be about a 3.5 stars, it was good but not great.~burger burger ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~UiCl5dhlWXqD7ZEWUxATfQ~One of the best BBQ restaurants I've been too. The place looks a little run down, but it only adds character. Open late (til 9:30pm I believe) this is a quick, easy lunch or dinner for us.  My favorites are the BBQ beef sandwich, potato salad and the cobbler is great too. A definite must! And there are multiple locations throughout the Valley.~beef sandwich potato salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5KzQJ18rOxPvwgW_5WDXgw~OMG! Fill up my bathtub with the green chile pork stew, I want to lay in it and eat until I'm sick! Really guys, this stew is phenomenal. If I hated, HATED, everything else on the menu, I would still be a regular for the stew... the awesome thing is that I've tried a bunch of things on the menu and liked them all. The fried chicken, delicious Dr. Pepper ribs, pork tenderloin, they're all mighty good. Throw in typically above par service and an awesome happy hour in the bar area and you get four big fat ones.~pork fried chicken ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~I1TDJmI1u-ey30HXuufNqA~Despite all the local hype, this place is average at best. Everyone I know who has eaten there RAVES about it, but I just can't get into it. Take it with a grain of salt because I'm not like a huge BBQ buff at all, but I seriously don't think it tastes much better than ribs from say, Chili's or some chain resteraunt. BBQ sauce is BBQ sauce to me. It tastes the same as Kraft BBQ sauce from the bottle.~ribs ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~4TvWPA2R6L6lN5LT_Vc7dg~Awesome place. I saw this place on a general TV program called Wisconsin Foodie and I was excited to try this place.  The food was great. The cheese platter was awesome, and the baked mac and cheese was fantastic. The aioli was the best I have ever had. I would recomment this place 100%.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Geno's Restaurant~onion rings-salad~vjd-RKZB1NBEqP_m992vnw~I've eaten here once - and half their menu was missing....on a Tuesday.  And they didn't seem to care.  I came for the wings, but wound up having to settle for onion rings and a quesadilla.  Yuck. It wasn't even that good.  I tried giving it another shot, twice, but found it was closed.  Once on a Thursday night and once on a Friday night.  What kind of bar is closed on a Friday night?!?!?!~onion rings ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xKLyAKCYswz7i5cYwVJ8uw~I've always wanted to try this place, but after going here today for lunch it will be my last time. First of all, impression is everything to me. The cashier was rude and I'm not sure if she even knew how snappy and rude she was to everyone. Some of the workers didn't look too happy to be working today which totally messed up my mood. I had the BBQ chicken sandwich and it was moist but not seasoned. The cashier ruined my experience and management needs to check her attitude!  Also, the volume on the radio needs to be turned down in the back. If you're waiting for your number to be called you can just forget about hearing them.~bbq chicken ~1 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~tfWh9i4M4-_-KbpKeerw4A~Cute quick stop for nice fluffy cupcakes to satisfy your cravings!  Came here to buy cupcakes for a pregnant coworker as a gift (and treated myself to one) and was happy they had little signs for sale to place on my cupcake. Got a "baby" sign for 50 cents and had all my cupcakes To Go.   Box didn't last my subway ride uptown and unfortunately buttercream icing started to melt in this hot and humid weather. Cousin's paper bag started to rip as well so try not to travel too far with these treasures!  Still manage to do some surgery on them and they were great! Staff is also super sweet and helpful! Will definitely visit the full store next time as this is a small shop in the Marketplace.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rhfkGvhLD_CkAMpsmNK1Pw~Came for all night Sunday happy hour! Enjoyed the huckleberry margarita (good!), Caesar salad (standard), kettle of green chili pork (amazing!), and rotisserie chicken flatbread (good and filling). Plenty of food for 2~salad pork chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sZXqmVTe3WxjqoYmFR9Wnw~I've dined here twice and have been blown away each time.  The first visit was with a colleague at work.  He suggested that we drop by here for some Happy Hour drinks and some grub.  The 2nd time was with a large group of 20 people.  During both visits I had:  Queso con Puerco, $9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=bKnbIsW4l8RTkaS9V6WMdQ#bKnbIsW4l8RTkaS9V6WMdQ  Fresh Guacamole, $9  Kettle of Green Chile Pork, $10 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=4BV1eQ1pIjNl_31O18pXnw#4BV1eQ1pIjNl_31O18pXnw  Pork Wings (Dr. Pepper BBQ Sauce, Hominy, Pickled Vegetables, & Cotija Cheese), $12 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=7oUjMc9Y-to7ukr8hZF66A#7oUjMc9Y-to7ukr8hZF66A  Big Ass Burger (Poblano Pepper, Cheddar, Smoked Pepper Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, Pickles, & French Fries), $14  Filet Steak http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roaring-fork-scottsdale?select=SlhE1_wI2NJjRWSzL4CUtA#SlhE1_wI2NJjRWSzL4CUtA  The Queso con Puerco is melted Cheese with a green Chile Pork added to it.  It's ridiculously good.....and addicting!  Trust me, you won't stop eating it once you have a bite.  The Guacamole is awesome too.  However, I suggest that you give this a try before the Queso con Puerco so that you can taste the full flavor of the Guac.  If you eat the Queso first, the sharp flavors will override the creamy, smooth, subtle flavors of the Guac.  The Guac is outstanding and definitely a must have.  The Kettle of Green Chile Pork is pretty good.  It has similar flavors to the Queso, but without the Cheese.  It comes with Tortillas for dipping, wrapping, stuffing, etc.    The Pork Wings were awesome and very interesting.  They look like a Chicken Wing at first glance, but then you realize it's a Pork Rib cooked/cut to look like a Wing, but much larger.  These are full of flavor and a must have.  The Big Ass Burger is big and sloppy.  The Poblano Pepper and Smoked Pepper Bacon flavors are prominent and offer a unique taste....which is very good.  Very difficult to take a bite of all layers at once...ha!  The Filet has a smokey flavor to it.  It was cooked perfectly and very satisfying.    The service here is outstanding.  Despite being very busy during both visits, we had impeccable service.  Hats off to management and the staff.  Return Factor - 100%~pork pork hominy cheese burger poblano bacon lettuce tomato pickles french fries ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RViAwssGx3lswP7kCzN--Q~We were excited to try Roaring Fork and especially for the all day Monday happy hour pricing. It was a disappointment.  Service was fine, it was the food that was not good. We were glad to have only paid the reduced happy hour prices, but it was so bad, that it was not even worth those prices.  We ordered: Pork Wings, Grilled Fish Tacos, and the Roaring Fork Big Ass Burger.  The pork wings were fine, not too exciting. The sauce was like a sweet marinara, not what we were looking for from the Dr. Pepper BBQ description.  The fish tacos were ok.  The remoulade was tasty as were the vegetables, but the fish was very plain. Even at happy hour prices, this was 2 fish tacos for $10... so $5 per taco... so they should have been great or at least good. They were fine, but only worth a buck a piece.  The burger was a real problem. We ordered it medium rare and it came out rare, like cold in the center rare. They graciously refired it, but it was not to be fixed (still rare on the refire). So they made us a new one - which was not medium rare, and not medium, but well done, as in hockey puck well done.  At that point we just gave up.  It was a bust of a dinner.   We left disappointed and having spent $46 before tip on ho hum food.  Definitely skip this one.~pork tacos burger pork tacos tacos taco burger ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rF2pOm7U0GZWUy4vQCWgOQ~Atmosphere was light, great view of capitol, though loud. This spot was recommended to us and our first disappointing meal on the list for this trip. We loved the rhubarb lemonade, fried pickles were good, but sweet? Husband and I both got the veggie version of the pub burger which was fine, but low flavor and rich. For the first time ever, neither of us finished our fries and he had to finish my burger for me. Fries were fried  long enough that they left burnt flavor in your mouth and there were lots of very dark fries. The service was polite but she seems like she might be in a bad mood. We are unfortunately disappointed based on the recommendation but it wasn't a terrible experience at all.~rhubarb fried pickles ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~vAZ5BtBZQNhZNwZX7W-Omw~Let's start with the positive, which begins about an hour after we sat in the bar area - the Big Ass Burger is big and delicious.  Now to the rest:  We ordered the Green Chile Pork appetizer after asking our waiter to help us decide between that and the guacamole and queso.  We take our time ordering dinner because we have an appetizer coming - except that we don't.  When it becomes clear it isn't arriving we start eyeing the kitchen for signs of our dinner.    Our meal shows up much later than our leisurely ordering would have dictated and we advise our waiter not to bring the Green Chile Pork. He responds "You didn't get that?"  I was thinking, "you helped us order it but you didn't bring it, you didn't arrange for it to be brought, and you certainly didn't clear it from our table prior to serving our entrees and still you seem surprised."  But because I am on a sarcasm control regimen I just said, "No, we didn't."  Two of us ordered fish tacos which were very tasty but 4 of the six tacos across the two plates served were extremely undercooked.  We are not afraid of fish a bit under temperature but this was well below that.    On the plus side the manager stopped by to apologize.  On the minus side he was unaware that both orders were off.  Plus - he recovered quickly and graciously said he was buying our drinks.  Minus - he comped less than half the drinks.  We were a party of 4 and none of us ordered another drink after his offer so our drinks were fully accounted for on our bill at the time and we were not trying to take advantage. Perhaps he comped just the drinks of the two who ordered the tacos but the meal was interrupted for all as we waited for the re-fire.  On to dessert.  Plus - the good and hot coffee came quickly and the chocolate infused pecan pie was delicious.  Minus - the pecan pie was very small and we were again craning our necks toward the kitchen looking for clues to its arrival as it was served well after the coffee.  Had the tacos been served correctly the first time the taste and quality of the food would have tipped this over to a 3 star review.  The food was really very good but difficult to enjoy when the overall meal was so poorly managed.  We are divided about a return visit.~burger pork pork tacos tacos tacos coffee pie pie coffee tacos ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SvRN8oYKF3dmlgfFxV9wDw~After being seated respectfully in the dinning room I asked the host if she could inquire on the patio bar for open tables for happy hour.  It was full, but to my suprise the waiter "Robert" volunteered to hold a table for us, on his own time.  Wow! I was flattered at his generosity considering that never happens.   (If you're new to RF you're learn quickly the happy hour is delightful, both for delicious food and cheap, but fantastic drinks)  Our party of five enjoyed the flat bread, tortilla soup, beet salad, and date salad for starters.  Accompanied by huckleberry margaritas and huckleberry lemonade.  Everything was wonderful. My favorite was the date salad.    Diner I had the duck which was the best duck I've had in my life.  Highly recommended.  Robert our server was also very entertaining with his straight up attitude :) it was very fun and I will Def be back.  I've been here at least 12+ times :)~soup beet salad date salad date salad ~5 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~sx3nO_YXfG4CQzlVZTrNyg~I like the concept of a pizza cone! A combo comes with your choice of pizza cone + drink + fries or onion rings. You can upgrade to tornado fries.   The combo would fill you up. The tiny cone is packed with ingredients and flavours. They are made fresh, so you may have to wait a bit for your food.   I tried the tornado fries, it's alright. I haven't tried their pizza or wings or sandwiches, but I feel like I can probably get just as good if not better pizza/sandwiches elsewhere. Their pizza cone is a unique idea and I would come back for more yummy cones.~fries onion rings fries fries sandwiches sandwiches ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~n12pYMF03zYNFiiIsfcF8w~The down and dirty greasy spoon of Pakistani food, this place is popular with the taxi drivers, likely for it's drive up and take-out style (there is some seating)  Dozens upon dozens of dishes to choose from, and the food is OK, good enough for a late night Indian food fix at least.  But honestly, it's not spectacular, so I'm not sure why there are so many 5-star ratings. I assume it's because the sight of the large selection of food is overwhelmingly exciting, either that or they're just a bunch of wankers showing their lack of experience. Regardless, still recommended.  The only thing that really irks me every time I eat there is they insist on microwaving everything in the takeout Styrofoam containers they use. I like to get it cold and take home for warming.  Worst saag paneer I've ever had! Very very good, and delicious Naan. Need more Naan! Mango chicken is tasty, not greasy. Perfect for the reluctant ones. Lamb and beef were chewy. Not recommended. Curry is good. Daal is good. Butter chicken is ok.  Make sure you order as a combo, it comes with everything you need. Things get a little pricey if you start trying to order pieces of things separately.~paneer mango chicken lamb beef butter chicken ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~YmQtDLX_-D9oPoGQY2ZRzQ~Had lunch here today with Hubby and a couple of his co-workers. On Thursdays and Fridays they have catfish, so I took the bait. So glad I did- 2 big pieces of perfectly fried catfish- just barely done on the inside and a nice light, crispy, and non-greasy cornmeal exterior. So yummy! The fries were pretty good, too, with a light dusting of a seasoned salt. I tried Hubby's BBQ beef sandwich, and is was just ok. We all liked the zingy BBQ sauce.  Minus one star for a limited menu compared to other BBQ joints (and RC colas) and minus another star for the young employees who acted like they were put out by taking orders. So sorry to interrupt your huddled chit-chat in the corner.~fries beef sandwich ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~hpm-1VKt5ZCZJXKOJ7cMJQ~Some of the best BBQ around, be sure to sauce it up good and try the chicken and ribs! YUM!~chicken ribs ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~Vc1DjcmhWZBxjDmTk5DpQw~We have been a big fan of Dublin's but tonight the food was less than acceptable. We ordered the onion rings first and they were under fried and bland and very greasy. Two orders of the seafood chowder were very good. One order of fish and chips was also great and the house salad was also good. However an order of the Ribeye was the worst ribeye ever ordered anywhere! Very thin piece of under quality steak that was grizzly and very hard to eat..asked for the manager and she was not accommodating..only offered another entree and we were not going to wait for another meal as we had been there for over an hour!!! The potato pancakes and the carrots that came with the so called ribeye were both VERY greasy and under cooked.. Very Very disappointed!! There are too many other restaurant options in Champaign!~onion rings chowder chips salad steak potato pancakes ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Be3BlSZJp_yZO3bIAYJIuA~Quick rundown: Fantastic atmosphere, very fast service (on a Sunday night), only drawback was the food.  My friend and I arrive at around 7pm to a decent sized line with about a 30 minute wait. Something tells me had we shown up 30 minutes to an hour earlier we could've walked in no problem because within 10 minutes the line had grown significantly behind us.  Price was about $80 for the two of us, including free (non-alcoholic) drink refills and coffee. The waiters were very attentive about it, usually making it over just after I emptied my glass.  As for the atmosphere, it's absolutely gorgeous. When you first walk in, the place is literally decked out in flowers, with a very springtime feel. Many restaurants I go to tend to keep the lights dim, but it was very well lit here, making the colors of the flowers stand out even more. Don't worry about being dressy. However a sign stated that all shirts had to have sleeves (for men at least).  As for the workers, some were more outgoing than others, but for the most part I was greeted by anyone who I walked past. The guys serving food (especially dessert) were all friendly and chatty, even offering suggestions.  Now for the food: It wasn't all that bad, but considering I hinge my buffet experience on the food, I was pretty disappointed. There were a couple of standouts, mostly in the seafood section. Crab legs (WERE ALREADY OPENED AND PERFECTLY CUT), clams were delicious, and sushi was fantastic but very small selection. The BBQ ribs were so tender that they literally melted in my mouth, so amazing, only wish there was more sauce on them. The veal was to die for! If you eat nothing else there, have the veal.   The rest of selection however didn't thrill me. There was hummus but the pita bread was (ehh). There were small Asian & Mexican sections (egg roll, tamales [kinda dry in my opinion], burritos, etc). There was also a very tender, yet poorly seasoned beef brisket. Really, you NEED to have a sauce with it. Moving down there was decent meatloaf, disappointing lasagna as well as some other Italian food, pastas, etc. Nothing or that stood out. Finally there were oysters (ok) and some really dry salmon (such a disappointment). Besides that, there was tons of bread but most of it seemed as if it had been out all day, and then a huge selection of cold cuts if you wanted to make a sandwich and tons of toppings, which brings me to my next point:  WHERE WAS THE CHEESE? I don't know if it's just me, but I like to have something cheesy every once in a while. Especially if I go to the buffet, but there was a distinct lack of cheese in everything there, even the Italian food. I was really, really turned off by this.  As for the desserts, there were tons of choices served tapas style. Small portions of cakes, etc. so that you could try out a lot of different flavors. Unfortunately, most of them weren't all that good. The cakes were dry and lacked sweetness. Even the rice krispies were hardened as if they'd been left to sit for hours. The things you definitely want to try in the dessert section are the sorbet, which was scrumptious, and the warm brownie with almonds. Throw some ice cream on top and the mixture of warm brownie and cold ice cream just makes my heart smile.  Very interesting note: They had these fruit cups with alcohol in them. Pretty awesome. One of them was watermelon with tequila in it. The other was pineapples with malibu rum and coconut shavings. I hate coconut, but I loved this.  What's crazy is that it sounds like I ate a lot. I'm 5'10 165lbs, so I'm not a big person. My friend is about my size, just a bit taller. We actually finished trying just about everything and still had quite a bit of room left. I polished off a few more of those crab legs because I was still in amazement i could just pick large chunks of meat out with a fork. He tackled some more sorbet and we called it a night. We left there fairly satisfied with our fullness, but partially disappointed at the meal.  Tipped the waiters pretty handsomely though because they were awesome the whole night.~coffee sushi ribs pita egg roll tamales burritos beef brisket meatloaf lasagna salmon sandwich cheese cheese desserts rice krispies ice cream ice cream coconut coconut ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~bYGzZkGoukXWMDjoVCNP5Q~The great thing about this place is that it is quick to get a nice treat and the packaging is very efficient.  They offer sturdy boxes for most common denomination of cupcake purchases and they sell for less than a dollar cupcake toppers for birthdays and etc.  So when I had to get a set of treats for a friend I went here and I was in and out in less time that it would have taken me to get timbits.  The ladies helping me were efficient and very friendly.  the cupcakes taste ok, nothing mind-blowing but they are pretty well priced and the icing overkill is forgivable especially since you are getting so much from other places.   If I need a cupcake fix I will definitely keep this one in my backpocket.~cupcakes ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~hL1HYQ9ituOX5-B9xHXw4w~Decent value. Generous portions. Beef, pulled pork, cowboy beans and bbq sauce are good. Hot links not very good; more like a cheap hot dog. Potato salad disappointing. Nice staff who are willing to customize orders.~beef pulled pork ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~mi8EZ070wUT2UNnol5RZ2A~Let me start off by saying cupcakes are not my thing. After trying Prairie Girl's cupcakes, my opinion has not wavered. The cake portion is very moist, which I do appreciate, but the icing is too sweet and and piled too high.   HOWEVER, this place is awarded 4 stars from me because the cupcakes are adorable and make for an excellent gift. The people that I have given the cupcakes to have all  thoroughly enjoyed it. The shop also sells 50 cent decors (including 'Happy Birthday' ones) that you can use to jazz up the cupcake to suit any occasion. One star has been deducted because the box that holds the cupcake in place does not actually prevent the cupcake from tipping over. I urge you to carry that box upright and not swing it! Trust me, I learned this the hard way.~cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~0Y4fqRyOfrhalx7vb1DQsg~A couple of my coworkers and I were looking for a place to have lunch yesterday. I had been to Bliss Rebar before and really enjoyed, so suggested it. After they looked at the menu online, they decided it looked good and that they wanted to try it.   We decided to start with the pretzel bread and cheese sauce. I was expecting the bread and/or the cheese to cons out warm, but they both came out cold. It was still delicious, but there was not enough pretzel bread for the amount of cheese that came with. Therefore, we asked if we could get somewhere pretzel bread and our server Shawn said of course. He asked if we wanted more cheese too, but we said no thank you, we just need the bread for the rest of the cheese. To our surprise, when we received our bill, Shawn had charged is another $5.00 for the extra pretzel bread. The whole appetizer was $5.00, so I found this to be quite disappointing. I can understand a charge for the extra bread, but it shouldn't equal the cost of the actual dish. Aside from the charge, there was no mention of a charge for the extra bread when we asked for it. We should have been told at the time we asked, cause at $5, we would have said never mind.  We enjoyed our entrees. I had the nachos with braided beef. One of my coworkers had a burger and the other had a salad.~cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese nachos beef burger salad ~3 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~dmaVwEL949484U6_ntjOEQ~Interesting concept ! The cones are on the smaller side. I ordered the meat lover cone and found it a little too salty. But my boyfriend got the spicy chicken one and it was the right amount of chicken & veggies. We also ordered a poutine to share, and it was huge !   They also have fresh pizzas made to order. Will definitely be back to try that next time.   I found the decor to be a little out of the place. But they do have a few tables in the restaurant for dine in.~chicken chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dzEdMKyFUFfkZMTWmKV4-w~Oh Graze, let's be honest - you had me at wine on tap.  Every time I eat here it confirms the fact that once Wisconsin finally allows polygamy, I will marry you Graze and have your babies.  This place has me seriously considering adding strawberry season to my Google calendar so that I don't miss out next year.  The strawberry panzanella and strawberry shortcake were nothing short of amazing.  Other favorites from my most recent visit were the fried pickles, pork buns, and artisan cheese board.  The cheese curds are good, but not my favorite in Madison.  Great atmosphere with lovely view of the Capital.  If you haven't been, it's definitely worth a visit.~panzanella fried pickles ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8j0eMJIBPHgNRO-9KmdfZQ~Overall, just unimpressive. This place receives way too much hype for the quality of the food. I came here with my mom, boyfriend, and brother for Mother's Day brunch. We were seated in a timely fashion, and the service was great, but the food left something to be desired. We ordered beignets to start, and they were warm and fresh, but not as light and fluffy as I would have liked. My boyfriend had chicken and waffles. The waffle was cold and strangely chewy, and served with cold maple syrup. And the chicken was far too heavily breaded. I got the kielbasa and eggs. The portion size was kind of sad, and the entire plate was severely under-seasoned. Thankfully they had salt and pepper on the tables, but I expect eggs and home fries to come with at least a pinch of salt on them. Both my mom and brother got the eggs Benedict and were relatively satisfied, but did say that the English muffins were a weird chewy texture. In general, you're paying for a great hipster atmosphere and good service, but it's by no means top notch food.~chicken and waffles waffle chicken kielbasa home fries ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~TVTC0uhkAGp6w7lYj_Unxg~I ordered a BBQ beef sandwich meal which also came with one side and a drink. I had the potato salad side dish which was served in a small styrofoam container. The potato salad ok but not spatacular. The sandwich was awful. The BBQ was cut in small pieces akin to pulled meat instead of slices. Then the doused the whole sandwich with BBQ sauce which made the bread became so soggy that one cannot even picked it up. I ate the sandwich with a fork instead. The BBQ was ok. It is not close to Texas or Kansas City BBQ.~beef sandwich potato salad ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EarjK7RPIAdepsZi5Y5Igg~Absolutely amazing! Had the filet and Mac & cheese. Great service and awesome location. If you're in the mood for an amazing meal make a reservation and stop in.~cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zXramu0nR3aarwU-NJ6Fpg~Worth a visit. This is good food, not good people watching.   Think: Colorado take on southwestern food.   Ate: Pork Green Chili app. Grub. Little kettle of the stuff with four fresh made tortillas that arrive folded in a white paper bag - hot. 4.7/5 for flavor, quantity, value, and presentation.   "Big Ass Burger."  All made in house. Even the bun and fries. I don't think they keep the cattle there though. Burger was loosely packed, over-cooked, and a bit salty for my taste. But I am a critic. Jen thought it was average too. Also now $13 - was $10 6 mos ago according to other reviews. 2.75/5  "Huckleberry Bread Pudding."  Whoa. Like a hot gooey berry muffin with Ice-Cream. Awesome. Jen thinks it might be her favorite dessert of all time. 5/5  We were a little worried when we saw all the snow-birds in their ivy caps and studded mom jeans. Turned out to be just fine - and the service was pretty special for how reasonably priced everything was. Portions were serious - Jen and I shared everything and were stuffed. Can't imagine orgering your own app, entre, and dessert. No way.   Sorry about the typos. It's bright out here in the Scottsdale sun by the pool...~pork tortillas white burger fries burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~ViRmJsrQPDBS1s4w0DIeyg~Honey Bear's is the some of the best BBQ you can find in the Valley. I enjoy getting a half chicken half pork sandwich, but you can't go wrong with any selection. Limited menu but thats because they stick to wait there good at, BBQ sandwiches.~honey chicken pork sandwich sandwiches ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VzlNrBja73ezzesRo17rSQ~Beautiful space with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the Capitol and outdoor seating. Extensive beer and drink list. We stopped in for lunch and were not disappointed. Get the cheese curds OBVI. Beet burger was fine but the simple greens salad was actually really special! Fun atmosphere for groups or dates.~cheese beet burger greens salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TM_2aM3Uxk3T4wGvha7Ohw~I found my favorite place to eat! This place is so gorgeous with beautiful settings and you can see the sunset through the mountain view at the patio. Wonderful dining experience. I love their Seared Ahi Tuna with Guacamole and Pepita crackers, Fondue with Lamb Chops, Green Chili Pork Tacos and Spitfire Rotisserie Chicken! Excellent! Their happy hour is until 7pm which gives you much time to drive all away here and enjoy the lovely dinner. I'm most impressed with the service! My waitress was very friendly and thoughtful. I forgot my card and she was running to the parking lot to find me. I definitely will come back soon to this place! ;D~tuna lamb pork tacos chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mzKynLpSVwKtxrb3ct7MLw~Very impressed with this place!  Everything was delicious.  Atmosphere was great and our server was very friendly and accommodating!  We started off with the Queso Con Puerco.  It had a bit of a spicy kick to it and was so good.  I had the Carnitas.  The pork was so tender!  The guacamole that came with it was fresh and very tasty.  My husband had the split roasted half chicken and said it was also very good.  We would love to come back to this restaurant and would highly recommend it!~carnitas pork chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tbeYGXul3xb05z_uB7iQlw~Very good spot, one of the nicest restaurant I've been too, decor was excellent.  Our waiter was awesome, very good attention. Got the fried buttermilk chicken, wow! Just Wow.  And the price was great, expected to pay much more, looked so fancy inside.~chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EIxWXqRYnYWIHu6qlo4cTg~I had high expectations for this place after reading all the positive reviews, but I think it's a little overrated. I wouldn't say it was terrible and the service was good, but we have no desire to go back. We took my parents there and they had the same feelings. The guacamole appetizer was ok. Dad had the big ass burger and said it was overdone. I took a bit and totally agree. Mom and wife had the sugar cured duck. It looked and tasted like pork and some had a bit of gristle. It didn't have a whole lot of flavor (I sampled it too). I had a mixed green salad with cranberries and pecans. It was probably the highlight of my meal. I ordered the spot roasted chicken for dinner because it looked and smelled awesome roasting when we walked in. Unfortunately the breast was dry and the thigh was tiny and I've probably had better chicken at Boston Market for a lot cheaper. Dad and wife liked the pecan toffee pie and ice cream. I didn't care for it but I don't like toffee. Overall disappointed and wouldn't really recommend this place unless you have money to burn.~burger pork salad chicken chicken pie ice cream ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~t-L2mUod5JwV7T7sivKjkw~There is another one of these in Austin, we went to that one and loved it so we took my parents here in Scottsdale, it was amazing both times. We had the green chili Mac and cheese, the kettle of green chili pork, and all had a "big ass burger". We loved it but my parents burgers were overcooked, the waiter was amazing and not only brought them sides to snack but also removed their food from the bill. That's what you call a great waiter.   Will definitely be coming back!!~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gPcaj3wFWfL99q6Ijysv_g~Overall they had some good options. I had the BBQ beef with sweet potato fries. It was ok, nothing to write home about but maybe a yelp review. The ribs looked good too. The prices did seem a litttle high for what you got. Oh! They did not have sweet tea. The only BBQ joint I've been to without sweet tea.~beef sweet potato ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4_0KqYPDoUUk-3CDD9P9WQ~This is my favorite Vegas buffet (for the price range). I have come here for brunch before, but recently went back for dinner and the Wynn did not disappoint me.  Elegant, bright decor of flowers with clean, comfy dining furniture. Though I waited about 30 minutes, my waiting time was better than when I came for brunch, which was an hour wait.   Table service was prompt, never have I returned to my seat with a dirty plate still remaining.   They had good presentation of food items and cheerful cooking staff.   They have a cook-to-order noodle bar and pasta station, a carving station with perfectly cooked prime rib, pizza, dim sum, salad bar, and a well-stocked seafood bar of king crab legs and shrimp. What is great about the Wynn buffet's seafood is that the crab legs are cut in half and are ready to eat. (See my photo.) Less mess, no crab wrestling, and easier to eat. I easily used chop sticks or a fork to pull crab meat out of the shell. I also appreciate how there is a staff member behind the seafood bar dedicated to restocking the piles of crab and shrimp as there is a constant line past the noodle bar to get those items. At other buffets it's like a feeding frenzy once a bucket of crab lands on the ice.   My least favorite items were the lamb short ribs (tough, dried out meat), creme brulee (it was soupy, but I still ate two of them), sushi bar (California rolls suck and it would be nice to see more than three different sushi items), and the eggplant Parmesan (not even fully cooked).   However, the bread selection was awesome. The Wynn restaurants make great breads and they serve the same ones at the buffet.   The dessert selection was decent, the highlight was the ice cream parlor, which included coffee, pineapple, coconut, vanilla, and chocolate flavors.   I appreciate the availability of restrooms inside the restaurant. I don't have to walk out of the restaurant and across the casino to find one!   Price for dinner was $33.95 on a weeknight.~pasta salad shrimp shrimp lamb ribs sushi sushi breads ice cream coffee pineapple coconut ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~FZbczsXEpL5kqgt4f6-APg~Yep, the "Big Ass" Burger lived up to its name. Hard to finish (even without the bun). Sat at the bar, pleasantly surprised to enjoy all-night happy hour on a Monday night. (Sunday nights too!). $5 for a lovely glass of wine. Heck, I'll have two!  Bartenders were great -- busy and attentive. Bar is popular with locals. Outdoor seating area looked pleasant and popular too.  Not exactly a "sports bar" but two TVs over the bar did the trick for us to watch a game and have a great meal and drinks.~burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qmIygRyHiTuXvOgpwQb06w~they have some great deals here. try their happy hour!  their $18 entree with three sides is a yummy bargain!  the man and cheese is not to be missed!~cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qvX6Io9hysHfXzTNRLdr-g~I'll go back for another opportunity at a very nice glass of Petite Syrah and their famous Big Ass Burger (or whatever its called) while sitting at the bar in a very comfortable surrounding.  Something seemed very charming about eating bar-side in an upscale restaurant, chatting with the keep, fire roaring off in a corner, and well-dressed patrons enjoying celebratory or power-meeting meals like green chile pork stew, slow roasted pork prime rib, and Dr Pepper Braised Beef Short Ribs.    I like their wood-roasted concept and works well in its only two locations worldwide, downtown Scottsdale and downtown Austin.   I would personally have a big-time, celebratory event here as it is worthy of such an occasion, but also worthy of a nice little meal up on the bar.~burger pork roasted pork ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~EEjGPfblQwW-MixHHJhfHg~We decided to try Elements out for brunch since my fianc's parents were visiting from Ohio... I had read and heard some great things about the restaurant and the view. Expecting it to be busy, I was happy to find that there was ample seating outside available that overlooked the pool, grounds, and mountains.  All of the staff was very pleasant and courteous. Upon receiving our drinks and appetizers, we were delighted to be served fresh complimentary (and warm) cinnamon rolls! So yummy!  My huge drawback and what ruined what was otherwise a very pleasant brunch, was the extreme lull from the time we had our first drink and put in our food order, to the time our food arrived. We had to have waited 45+ minutes and during that time, were not offered a refill of the specialty drinks ordered or an explanation as to what was taking so long.   Our food was great, I ordered the breakfast veggie wrap with fingerling potatoes. We also ordered an Ole Bay Jumbo Shrimp app that was tasty, though tad bit overdone with the seasoning.. Some of the pieces of shrimp were almost entirely coated in ole bay.  Id be interested in coming back eventually but would rather try out a few other upscale brunch spots before returning.~appetizers shrimp shrimp ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eXuFX86od_lihpBWNA9WNA~I want to love Graze. I really, really do.  It's got an amazing location, and the food, when you get what you want, is very solid. Not amazing, but fresh and local and tasty. The problem is that in my past three visits, we've never once received what we ordered.  We request simple substitutions (twice it was egg whites instead of whole eggs for omelets), get the wrong dish, and then, each time, wait ages for the new dish to arrive, while the other people in our party's food gets cold.  On the "fool me once" principle, we won't be going back any time soon.~egg ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_7tSUAiIjRJ5cegHgT6jxw~So it turns out that "long ribs" are not elongated versions of "short ribs", those tiny finger-food snacks you tend to find at poorly designed wedding where the organizers have failed to realize that messy fingerfood is doom for your fancy new clothes.  No, when you order the "our famous long bone ribs", you get a stern warning about not underestimating the size of your order that makes you think "oh my, I'm no-longer not in a place like Kansas" which is then followed by a delivery of a plate containing what looks like two white Cadillac Escalades covered in cow meat. The "flavor over meat eaten graph" was a descending curve from "OMG this is as good as The Salt Lick in Texas" to "I'm bored of eating the same meat" over the first pound or two, at which point it was prematurely cut short by the limits of my belly. I advise that you go with friends and share different types of cow.  While they have no vegetarian mains, they're happy to turn a salad into a fullsize meal, which was great as this allowed my vegetarian dining partner to fashion a poker visor out of rocket leaves so that she could avoid watching the carnage on my side of the tablet.~ribs ribs ribs white salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~1Dc_R-ZUgEA04Dh35Loqkg~I can't believe I waited in line for about 45 minutes to eat at this buffet!  So make sure you set your alarm clock and arrive early or you will wait in a line that resembles those lines at Great America (or any other amusement park).     We decided to go here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon, and chose this casino because it was one of the newest on the strip.  The price was somewhat steep, around $30.  The decor was quite impressive when you first enter, it reminded you as though you're about to have tea in England.  We had a very large party so we were forced to separate into two groups.    From Italian to Asian to American, they had an okay variety of food, but only had a couple of dishes to choose from.  I just wish that they replenished more frequently, I had to make several trips back to see if they replenished a dish.  Waiting for food was bearable, compared to other buffets where you just want to scream at the person in front of you to hurry and make a selection.  The quality was pretty good, I'll say that much compared to other buffets.  I was quickly stuffed after my first plate, and I forced myself to taste a little of the plethora of dessert choices, it had it's own room!  If anything, I wish I had room for the dessert, it all looked so good.  Service was okay, maybe because our waiter was a little busy, it was hard to find him right away.  Overall: Cleanliness:  A Food:  B Price:  B Service:  B --------------------- Grade:  B~tea ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~xkDUldjxitmyBu1Gnnx79g~A GREAT LOCAL JOINT.  GOOD FOOD, SERVICE AND ATMOSPHERE.  Nice atmosphere.  Great cold beer on tap.  The Earl pizza / flatbread was good to above average.  The green Chile with pork and jalapenos plus au gratin potatoes was well above average.  The seasoning was perfect to my taste.  This is a great local neighborhood hangout.  I definitely recommend.~pork ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~gCpJm2Lqs1ylQFKIIb9pqQ~Terrible food. I asked the guy to give me his recommendation. The pieces of chicken were not good ones. Neither was the food fresh. I could tell it was cooked several hours, maybe even days ago. The best thing served was fresh naan bread. Service was ok. Maybe they had an off day. But I can't even think about the food.~chicken ~1 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~DAlWWBnmOa_FzDgrhnSdEw~This just opened location is right across the street from the movie theater. There have been so many different restaurants in this space I can't keep track of them all.   The space is rather small compared to the previous restaurant that occupied the same space. I'm not sure why Burgatory didn't take more space as the storefront next door is available for lease and was a part of the last restaurant that was there. They need all the square footage they can get.   I still don't get why Burgatory doesn't take reservations so be prepared to wait 1 hour plus on the weekends now that the weather is nice. One really cool new feature they do have is that once you are put into the que of people waiting you can go to the No Wait App and see how many people are ahead of you and when it is time to walk back over to the restaurant.  The wife and I started off with our usual Berry Lemonades and our daughter had a Natrona Vanilla Cream Soda.  For an appetizer we got the Just Fork It (Fresh cut fries smothered with Braised Short Ribs, Cheddar Cheese Curds & Pan Gravy) They were EPIC and worth the wait themselves!   Next my daughter and I both got the Standard Deluxe Burger. It's a burger with White American Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and their House Burger Sauce. I added bacon and sauteed mushrooms to mine. It was huge and outstanding! The wife got the Hot Chick sandwich. (Grilled Herbed Chicken, Sharp Provolone, Tomatoes, House-Made Guacamole, Chipotle Sour Cream & Cilantro Leaves on Grilled Herbed Focaccia. Served with lightly dressed Field Greens.)  I also like the fact that you can build your own burger in 7 steps .   If you haven't been before here's how it works.  Step 1. Pick your burger.   You have a choice of beef, chicken, bison, sausage, lumb crab or veggie patty as a burger.   Step 2. Pick your bun.   Next you pick your bun with Brioche, Wheat, Baguette, Focaccia,  Topless or Full Monty Style as choices   Step 3. Pick your rub.   Choose from Angel Dust, Kona Crust, BBQ, Kingston Jerk,  Cracked Peppercorn and Bayou Cajun   Step 4. Pick your cheese for $1 more   Choose from Cheddar, White American, Horseradish Cheddar,  Sharp Provolone, Gorgonzola, Mozzarella, Smoked Gouda and Buffalo Cheddar.   Step 5. Pick your sauce.   Choose from Bourbon BBQ, Dijon Mayo, Banana Ketchup, House Sauce, Spicy Marinara, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Roasted Garlic Mayo, Sriracha Remoulade, Buttermilk Ranch, Spicy Ketchup,  Whole Grain Mustard, Avocado Wasabi, Bleu Cheese Dressing,  Buffalo Sauce, Relish and Chipotle Sour Cream   Step 6. Pick a topping for $1 to $1.50 more.   Choose from Fried Egg, Applewood Smoked Bacon, Avocado, Chicken Chili, Caramelized Onion Marmalade, Grilled Pineapple, Sauted Mushrooms, Maple Cured Ham, Onion Straws, Roasted Tomatoes, Grilled Onions, Brandied Peppercorn, Cabernet Sauce and Roasted Red Peppers.   Step 7. Pick a free topping.   Choose from Iceberg, Romaine, Field Greens, Baby Spinach,  Arugula, Red Onion, Tomato, Poblano Peppers, Cucumbers, Banana Peppers, Bread & Butter Pickles and Jalapenos. Lots of choices and ways to customize your burger.  Our waitress Jordan was great as well and took really good care of us. I think the Waterfront finally has a winner that will last in this once doomed space.~fries ribs cheese burger burger white american cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~NnSl_0Hb86bacDA6vXKu1g~Fantastic happy hour. If the fish tacos, guacamole and tortilla soup weren't amazing enough on the happy hour menu...they even make a terrific burger! You just can't go wrong with anything on the happy hour menu.   As for the regular menu, haven't had anything I didn't like but the best are definitely the fish dishes paired with the street corn!   Mmm, will be back soon!~tacos soup burger corn ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3RxLO4mPxfdpy1HzFeH54A~Short story: Eat at Graze, and you will NOT be disappointed.  Long story: We ate at Graze because it was unfortunately on our list of restaurants we have not yet tried in Madison. (Not sure why it was on that list for so long?!) I love the fact that a restaurant is so committed and concerned to working with local farmers to cook with local, quality ingredients.   We ate the deviled eggs and pork buns for appetizers and the graze burger and cauliflower rigatoni for entrees. Everything was incredible: very fresh-tasting, cooked perfectly and completely delicious. If you're an egg fiend like me, the deviled egg appetizer might make you scream because it's so tasty.   My only complaint is that the house white wine was very bubbly and almost champagne-y, and I didn't know that when I ordered it. The bartender and the menu did not mention anything about that. I can't complain too much because my wine glass was empty at the end of dinner! :-)  Graze is now on my "take out-of-town guests here so they can be impressed with Madison" list along with The Old Fashioned, Eldorado Grill, and a few other Madison favorites. :-)  Great location with big windows. It's a classy and contemporary (but not stuffy) place to go for incredible food downtown!   We'll definitely go back.~pork appetizers burger cauliflower egg deviled egg ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Nmm2tc0bJ_5pTuPIGNKrTA~I'd really give it a 3.5.  lol  Came here on a FRI, EARLY, and the place was bustling!  More proof that no one in Scottsdale cooks for themselves.  ;)  The service was a 4 for sure.  Attentive, without being overbearing.  At our table, we had the mixed green salad, the duck breast, the mixed grill, and the big ass burger.  The mixed salad was fresh - nothing amazing or different.  It was pretty typical of a balsamic salad.  The big ass burger is well named.  The thing was disgustingly huge, and unless you have a big ass appetite, you won't finish it.  It also has a spicy chili on it, so if that's not your thing, whip it off, or your tongue will be burning.  The mixed grill was well done, but again, many of the items were spiced - the shrimp and sausage both had a kick.  The real disappoint came on the duck breast.  :(  I had ordered it medium, thinking it would still come medium rare, and it came rare.  NOT happy.  But, I was starving, they were busy, and I didnt want to lag behind everyone else by sending it back.  It was sliced into pieces, so there was no excuse to not cook it to temperature as ordered.  Came with a nice onion relish (spicy - lol), and braised cabbage.  Deserts were huge.  We had the lava brownie and the pecan pie.  Both served a la gelato.  Overall, there wasn't anything we ate that made anyone say, "oooo!  you MUST try this!".  The food (besides the duck problem) was prepared well, nice presentation, but there was nothing that was overwhelming.  The atmosphere is nice, the service was really great, but there wasn't anything on the menu you won't find anywhere else, nor was it prepared nor presented any better.  I would consider it like a Kona Grill.  It's good for what it is, but nothing spectacular.~salad burger salad salad burger shrimp sausage onion cabbage pie ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~aQzgkJMEzjiH0l6JrT_juA~Best service,  best pork mac and cheese I ever had....ever! The pasta was made from scratch, the cheese was absolotely perfect and the cheese curds were phenomenal!  No doubt,  the best cheesecake I ever had in my freaking life.  What made this 5 stars was our waitress!~pork mac and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~xFI5mwRpDDHBs1qV39R1HQ~I made reservations via opentable the morning before we dined. Easy and we were seated immediately upon arrival.  Service was a bit slow. We didn't feel any connection from either the server or the server assistant. The bread service was below basic, especially for a fine dining restaurant. We asked the server for his favorite and most popular cocktails. We ordered both: sisos sexy and another that I do not know the name of. He wasn't present on the floor as much as I'd hoped.   My friend ordered the bacon wrapped filet and thought it was delicious. It was one of her favorite filets in all time. I ordered the organic salmon which was delicious as well. The sauce on both the dishes really made up the entrees. The salmon came with noodles and vegetables that really complimented the salmon. Two entrees that you cannot go wrong with.  Our reservation was at 6:15pm and we sat to see the sunset. It was gorgeous. Definitely come around this time to see the sun set.   Lastly, compliments to the maitre d' or manager who made his table touches and really looked like he was enjoying each conversation with the guests. He complimented us on our smiles and we told him we came out to see one of the top 39 restaurants with a view in the world. He said they must be doing something right.   I would say this wasn't my favorite fine dining restaurants but it definitely is something to cross off my bucket list. Good for special occasions.~bacon salmon salmon salmon ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~fw4hTYsGt5LS7lFgC-HTRg~The fam and I headed on down to Honey Bears this past Saturday to get our BBQ on!   Honey Bears never disappoints!   I had the shredded BBQ chicken sandwich with a side of the cowboy beans, sooo spicy and delicious!   Also their french fries may be sent from heaven! SO GOOD!   I always go for the Big Red at the soda machine, that is a rare soda to find on tap and Honey Bears has it!   Thanks for another tasty lunch!~honey honey bbq chicken ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~Ts9BRMbRwMg-BaXxuVIwKQ~Having spent a lot of time in Texas and Oklahoma, I've eaten a lot of BBQ.  But I'll review Honey Bear's on its own merits (or lack).  I've been eating at HB for 20 years, the location on Van Buren mostly.  This location isn't so great.    Pros:  It's fast, the meat is tasty, the sauce is good too, a bit on the thin side, sweet/sour and spicy.  Cobbler is good.  Cons:  It's really expensive, service is almost menacing in its unfriendliness, place is sticky/dirty, sides are hit-or-miss, mostly miss.  Tasty smoky meat.  You'll pay dearly for it, $5 for a small sandwich, more for a large, sides are extra.  One time with a bud we figured that HB charges about $25-$30/lb for their meat as ordered in the restaurant.  Ribs and other whole pieces of meat put you easily in the $15+ range.  Corn is mushy, beans are tasty, potato salad is subjected to strange spice-abuse by a cook who doesn't understand what potato salad is.    Drinks are fountain and iced tea.  You can't get a small cup of sauce to go, even with the leftovers from your $20 rib dinner - you have to pay and pay.  This sort of stinginess doesn't sit well with me.    The place is dirty, with sticky tables and chairs.  Overall appearance is dingy.  Service is always unsmiling, unhelpful, all business.  They don't make you feel like coming back.  I don't go back now unless I'm forced to by downtown coworkers.~honey sandwich ribs corn potato salad ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Pv6UMgBSQNt7s85QA8-6JQ~I would have given Luke Wholey's 5 stars, but our waitress was inattentive and slow, despite the fact that the restaurant was not busy.  The seafood, especially the raw oysters were fresh as could be and were delicious.  I had the Ahi tuna entree and it was cooked perfectly.  Portions are very satisfying, which can be rare at a seafood restaurant.  Best seafood I've had in Pittsburgh and I would highly recommend checking it out.~tuna ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~c7qqJ8uQoNmZXFOZtiGCAw~The patio is beautiful and the happy hour has a great selection of drinks and fun plates to try. We got fish tacos, guac, the big happy hour burger, and margaritas. The fish was fresh and the toppings  and sauce were great. I don't really like guacamole, but enjoyed theirs a lot. The burger was perfect, I really enjoyed the bun they use for it, it tastes homemade. The drinks and fries were great too. Will defiantly be back~tacos burger burger fries ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~MnuhwuegFhnQacRmjuCFaA~This is now my go to spot. Great prices for happy hour. In fact, happy hour is from 4-close all summer. I really like the guava mojito and I don't even drink mojito. Like most people have said, you can't go wrong with the big ass burger. The green chili pork looks great too. I'll have to try that next. The bartender with a beard is really friendly and has great stories. I don't know his name though. Go in before 5pm or wait for the 2nd wave when the dinner crowd leaves. Otherwise, it's super busy.~guava burger pork ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a6GwbzhOzQIhAnW-_jZsUA~As I left the Heard museum parking lot and headed north on Central, I thought I might stop at Fez and try their Feb. pasta special.  (What I really wanted to do was to head over to Rose and Crown to meet with new acquaintances, but I didn't want to worry about parking...)  On the way, I spotted HBB on the left, but I kept going north for Fez.  However, it seemed like I'd never get there, so I gave myself a stopping point- if I hadn't reached Fez by the next light, I was going to turn around and interrogate the poor soul that happens to greet me at Honey Bear's.    The poor soul's name was Rich, who informed me that HBB only has one sauce, and unfortunate for me, it contains *.  (I received the same response at the Glendale Chocolate Affaire, but I assumed the "one sauce only" was for convenience purposes.  See?  Never assume.)  He sold me on the fact that they marinate the meats in a spice and vinegar-based marinade.  Alright, I'll try a 1/2 pound (about $8 w/ tax) of pork (his fave) and beef (which the young man, who patiently waited behind me while I asked poor Rich so many questions, ordered after I stepped aside and considered my options).  No, wait, I'll have a full pound (about $15 w/ tax), and could you add chicken, too?  And bbq sauce on the side, please.   While I waited for my take-out order, I asked Rich if I could sample the sweet potato pie, and to my surprise, he handed me a slice, told me to grab a spoon, and help myself!  It took only one teaspoonful of that slice for me to decide on purchasing a whole pie ($12) to go.    So how did the meats taste w/o the bbq sauce?  The chicken was very bland and pretty dry.  The beef was not much better, but at least it had some mouth-feel.  The pork was the clear winner, esp. since its marinade had the added benefit of red pepper flakes.  Would I go back for more meat?  Unless HBB designs a non-* based-sauce, no.  Well, maybe for the pork.  And only if I was carrying a bottle of bbq sauce in my purse.  1 star each for the pulled pork, sweet potato pie, and for Rich being such a sport.  (Kudos for letting me sample the pie!  Letting people sample is always good for business!).    p.s.  If HB had a shack that only sold sweet potato pie, I'd give it 5 stars! p.p.s.  Honey Bear BBQ, please add candied yams/sweet potatoes to your menu!  While you're at it, add some sweet potato fries, as well!  Allergy update: I concluded that the sweet potato pie must contain * ingredients bec. I went through two days of horrible allergy symptoms.  I won't be able to enjoy it anymore, but for those w/out allergies, do give it a try!~pasta honey pork beef chicken sweet potato ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~koMrl-4jMkcLH2HuiVdAJw~We finally stopped in for Happy Hour and were impressed.    We ordered the Big Ass Burger and the Green Chile Pork stew based on recommendations here and both were excellent.  Portions are huge - we ended up taking half of it home.  Excellent drinks and very friendly professional service.  We also liked the warm and inviting atmosphere in the bar.  Great value too - we were out the door for thirty bucks.~burger pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NtO2JWJymhD5hcYcIPGWBg~I'm a big fan of buffets, is it the variety of foods? Maybe it's the all-you-can-eat aspect of it. For whatever reason, I love to try new buffets and try different dishes that I would never order off the menu. It's like a fun adventure for me.  The Wynn Buffet is top notch! The wait wasn't that bad, pretty standard at about half an hour. $40 per person is a little steep, but hey! You're in Vegas so expect to shell out some cash. Walking in you will see a whole bunch of colorful flowers, it's a very feminine atmosphere.  Our server was very friendly and helpful, she always checked in with us and removed any plates and refilled our drinks the moment it gets half way, excellent service!  Whenever I go to a new buffet, I always walk around and check out the food selection before I even grab a plate, and that's because I want to keep a mental note of the items I really want to eat, versus the I'm not sure but I'll try it cause it's there kind of dish.  I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the buffet line, it was almost spotless, the food looked beautiful, almost too beautiful to eat. The presentation was classy and made everything looked delicious. By the time I sat back down at the table, I had the following on my plate: prime rib, king crab legs, red snapper, chilean sea bass, shrimp cocktail, mussels, skirt steak, mashed potatoes, corn on the cob, asparagus. All very good, they had a lot of seafood choices and a lot of lamb, which I didn't have any cause I wasn't feeling it that day, but I'm sure it was good.  By this time I've opened the portal to my second stomach and I'm ready to hit the dessert bar. I have 2 words for you: creme brule Oh Sweet Jesus it was good! I could have eaten at least 2 more plates of it, but I had to leave room for... I have another 2 words for you: homemade ice cream, OK that's 3 words whatever, there's nothing I love more than ice cream, unless it's HOMEMADE ice cream. So rich and creamy, the coffee ice cream will give you chest hair, but it's worth it lol  I'd like to add that they have restrooms just for the buffet guests, you don't have to walk outside to the casino and find a restroom, very convenient. Also, the stalls are very private, it's like you're in your own little world in there, you don't see that very often in public restrooms. You can tell they spent a lot of time considering all aspects of this restaurant and it really shows. This will be my new goto place for a Vegas buffet.~shrimp steak corn asparagus lamb ice cream ice cream ice cream coffee ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~lbv0lGOsvQZjaAbcU99nfw~I learned 2 things from the last time I came here.   Lesson #1: Don't come here if you're starving.  Come here if you're hungry.  I ate to the point where I started to feel really sick. Lesson #2: No buffets within 3-4 hours of drinking/clubbing.  No one wants to feel like a whale in their skimpy Vegas outfit.  As for the buffet, the food was ok.  It was a solid buffet, but only a few things stood out to me (even when I was starving!)  They have your usual fish, meats, and seafood but I actually really enjoyed the simple things like the baby back ribs and the broccoli cheese soup.  The sushi was bleh, no thanks.  I loved the herb salmon and the desserts!  The coffee ice cream was one of the best I've ever tried.  Here's an idea.  Grab 2 cookies and make an ice cream sandwich with the ice cream, sooooo good!  So like I said, solid buffet, nothing too outstanding but nothing horribly gross.~ribs broccoli cheese soup sushi salmon desserts coffee ice cream cookies ice cream sandwich ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KFeOiRiMdoxxk3RCcUxRSw~This is a fantastic place if you're looking for a delicious meal and for what it is, it's a great price. I am a HUGE fan of the filet, but you put the green chile mac and cheese in front of me and it's game on! I love coming here and posting up at the bar for a few drinks and a very yummy steak. I will always come back here if someone is up for it! :)~mac and cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~hDbmciTqC61Tk92V3_-mLA~If you want a big and tasty burger get the black and blu burger its so goood! Very juicy~burger burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~M3ffxyiDEAN73kBaHe4BMw~Do try the Green Chili Mac and Cheese! Its life changing...~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~2S6zqxhF5nZJUU09gtNh-A~OMG the 'big ass burger' is delicious! Though order it only if you have a huge appetite, or want a doggie bag - it's a lot of food. Order the duck, roast chicken, salmon or the steak - you can't go wrong in this restaurant. Friendly waitstaff, hip atmosphere, and ridiculously good. I'm a huge fan!~burger chicken salmon steak ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ZFtphCEQc3BGsPoFkI7RXw~I'm not a person who is big on buffets, as most of them are just all you can eat crap food galore.  However, the Wynn Buffet is always seems to find itself on top of my to-do lists for every Vegas trip.  This is best of the best, when discussing all Vegas Buffets.  As with everything else at the Wynn, the dcor is beautiful as with the presentation of the food.  When you look around you see all this delicious food it makes your mouth salivate in anticipation.  What makes this place so special in my heart? You have to check out the seafood section, where the Alaskan king crab legs rock my world.  These things are freaking huge, fresh, and oh my god tasty!  The crab seriously just melts in your mouth.  Dip them in butter and it's an all out orgy in your mouth.    The dessert area is fabulous; unfortunately sometimes I have a hard time saving room.  From the yummy crme brulee to the delicious ice cream/gelato counter.  I always go for the coffee or vanilla, so good! They also have different kinds of cakes/pies, cookies, and puddings.  They have a little of everything, whatever your sweet tooth might desire.  The staff service has been pretty impressive every time I've gone to the Wynn Buffet.  They are very good at checking with you for drink refills and also help clear up any dishes you might have laying around the table.  The only bad thing I can mention is their lackluster of sushi.  They only have 3 choices between Vegetarian rolls, California rolls, and Salmon Maki rolls.  None of them really tasted fresh and were all very bland.  The pizza is pretty blah as well, however I usually stay away from it anyways as it's just filler food and just takes up space I could use for more crab legs. :)  Summary: Having bad luck at the tables? Just go to the Wynn buffet and eat your worries away.  Wynn Buffet is like great sex, the more you have the more you want.~butter ice cream coffee cookies sushi salmon ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JK8R_jOiB3HBeG2BLPbj3Q~In summary, okay food and not worth the price I paid.  Not a good choice if you are vegan/vegetarian.  The service is awful that I will not be returning in the future given all the other dining choices available on the strip.  Now the long story about my experience I was here the Monday after Christmas.  Wait in line was approx 1.5 hours plus additional 25-30 mins wait to get seated.  I missed the 1pm cut off time for brunch and paid additional 10 bucks or ~ 60 per person for lunch The quality of food was not as good as I remembered and definitely not 60 bucks worth for Monday lunch My mother is vegan and I do not recommend vegetarian vegan for this buffet I think Vegas buffet in general is a bad idea for any vegan vegetarian due to high prices and few selections So based on food along I would have given this place a 3 star Now zero negative star for the service due to the following experience 1 Rude server at taco stand When my brother went to the taco stand the guy behind the glass said no more and walked away 5 10 mins later he came out and start making more taco again My brother decided to not even try the taco due to the rudeness 2 Un attentive male Waiter The first server got us drinks when we first sat down and that was it He never came back to check on us until I waved him down When he brought my brother more soda I asked him for another coke for me He said ok but never came back I guess he was off the shift and another female waiter showed up 3 Rude female waiter I asked the lady for the soda and she did brought me some Than she never come back to offer us refills When we were done with the meal and moving on to the dessert we want to get coffee to go with desserts I waved the waiter down and here is the kicker She said just you know you are here for more than 2 hours There is a 2 hours limit But I will get you some coffee this time The way she said it was rude and I was like WTF When she came back I thank her for the coffee but wanted to clarify that we were there only 1 hours and 50 mins She said based on your receipt it stated 1 49pm and its now 4 07 I said but we waited for at least 25 30 more minutes after we paid She said NO its based on the receipt and the 2 hours limit is posted outside the buffet At this point my lunch experience was ruined and it may just be psychological effect that coffee and desserts tasted awful We decided to leave immediately at my version of 2 hours mark When I exited the buffet I didn t see any signage up front about this rule So I asked the lady who is guarding the buffet line entrance and confirmed that 2 hours limit rule starts at the time we sit down At this point I can t stand this casino any more Our plan was to drop some cash at the slot machines after the meal but we went to Palazzo and Venetian instead Palazzo and Venetian should thank the rude Wynn buffet staffs for the a couple hundreds dollar worth of gambling revenue ~taco taco taco taco coke coffee desserts. coffee coffee coffee desserts 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~hitReN4-8iTs75h3oUt6TQ~First time here. Great meal. Sat at the bar and Jay was very helpful. He made some great recommendations. The tuna and Baja Volcano was excellent.~tuna ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~vNDm8ONkjsakrjY7HdjCLQ~This is definitely the first and last time going there. I had the butter chicken and rice and despite the guy warming it up in the microwave (first red flag of NON FRESH FOOD and poor restaurant management) I could still taste the staleness of the rice which must've been at least 5-6 days old. I figured a good butter chicken sauce would still be salvageable with a couple naans but NOPE. It tasted mediocre, and as a foodie, I did not enjoy any of it, not one bit. Indian Pakistani food is otherwise my favourite and I hate wasting food but I threw the 11$ (overpriced) box of food after a few spoons in.   The 11$ is supposed to include salad and pop per the signs plastered all over their menu, but I got neither. I guess not looking like an Indian/Pakistani person they thought they could pull one over on me.   I would neither ever recommend this place, or go there myself. If I wanted leftovers from last week to be warmed in a microwave, I wouldn't pay 11$.  HORRIBLE FOOD.~butter chicken butter chicken salad ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Qbg2d975VJThVawFnw_f1Q~We got to Wynn at around 6pm..  didn't feel too hungry since we had a big lunch at Bahama Breeze.. so we decided to play on the slots for a while.. and around 6:30pm we went back.. got in line to get inside.. the wait wasn't long at all (yay!) and the manager(?) (a Korean guy) took our receipt himself and had a server show us a table for four :]  Sunday dinner was $35/person.  They had lobster (I had 3 myself! hehe), prime rib (yummy~~ 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~YC3xsNObkva7AzJGWgSstQ~After my initial review Graze reached out and offered us the opportunity to try the place again. The bad news is that we agree that it was pretty much the same kind of experience. It's possible that we are just ordering the wrong things. The one thing that was a bit better was the service. The waiter recognized us and paid close attention to us, remembering us as "his most patient table ever..."  We tried several dishes this time. The one that I recall best was a bowl of mussels in a spicy broth. It was served with a side of fries, which I thought was really odd. One of the best things to do with a Bouillabaisse type dish is to mop up the tasty broth with bread. The dish which had Asian flavors was also a one-note samba. It was mussels and broth and that's pretty much it.   I saw a couple tables around us ordering burgers. Perhaps that's this place's wheelhouse. I'm not waiting 75 minutes for a burger. I wish this place luck, but in my one opinion, this place needs polish. I think it's popular for it's spectacular location and relation to another very overrated restaurant next door, L'Etoile. I will say that we tried their newest restaurant, the Korean fusion "Sujeo"and both loved it.  I will note that I do have credible friends who have the opposite opinion of this place.~fries burgers burger ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZX3vo4LOBpmmhH-TbmeBpQ~Happy hour prices are hard to beat!  The atmosphere is welcoming and classy. Everything on the menu is delicious. I recommend the burger and the prickly pear margarita!  Service is always top notch.~burger pear ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~kR9VQcjHlnrV1NQ0Z2oCsw~It's been nearly a decade since I'd been back to Madison and I was surprised to see how many new and interesting restaurants have popped up in that time! After strolling up State and around the Capitol, we stopped at Graze for a bite, under the recommendation of a friend of ours.  First, the view is fantastic! I love the simple, modern atmosphere. Our server was really pleasant and knowledgeable about the beer list as well as the menu. We ordered drinks and 2 appetizers, the cheese curds and the deviled eggs. Unfortunately, we were so full after the apps, that we couldn't even bear to order dinner. Seriously disappointing.  BUT, we ended up going back for brunch two days later and we were not disappointed. I had the loaded egg sandwich, which was criminally delicious. The bread was very, very tasty. There was a perfect ratio of cheese to egg to bacon. It was also accompanied by a very nice mixed greens, simply dressed salad, so I didn't feel SO much like I was clogging every last artery. I also had a bloody mary, which was probably the best one I'd had in Madison.   I am definitely planning a return next time I'm in town.~appetizers cheese egg sandwich cheese egg bacon greens salad ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~zOG6BnK59-E7WfwWGNNRWw~I stumbled across this taxi stop while geocaching around the Toronto Reference Library.  I've had a bad run with Indian fast food anywhere outside Little India, so I was pleasantly surprised when I dug into the saag paneer and naan!  Cheap, fast and lots of options.   Nothing gormet about King Palace, so not likely I'd stop here again unless I'm looking to fill up quick.~paneer ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~PvpktaJEre955KXXgkwB2A~food is okay. I doubt the hygiene and freshness of the food.i eat because parking is easy between jobs. i used to tolerate the stale smell of food but it has become worst in the last two visits. today the chili chicken and mix vegetables were rancid and sour. not going to stop here again.~chicken ~2 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~00PJfpFl4ifp-t4cWWAzpw~I couldn't eat another $5 footlong from subway for lunch... I live way out in the northwest and it is somewhat food diversity challenged.  I remembered seeing a cuban joint on rainbow so I thought I would go over there for lunch.    I went in and it was done very nicely with out trying too hard.  I looked at the menu and it seemed authentic and the prices seemed very reasonable.  They have quite a few menu options too - so if you are in the mood for a sandwich or a whole fried snapper you are good to go.  I wantd a quick lunch - so of course I order the Cuban in sandwich.  It was only $6.50 and it was a big sandwich - I like a good value.  The sandwich was very tasty - I likes the bread.  It also came with freshly cooked plantain chips - refreshing alternative to fries!!!  If your bumpin' around the northwest check this place out...~sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich plantain chips fries ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~LzBoXZgipSwFHiaCYG1Bug~I've always liked the Mad Mex chain but I would have to say I like this location the most. The service is always excellent and it has more of a restaurant feel than the other locations that are more bar oriented. The cranberry margarita flavor they've add for November is very good if you like a sweeter margarita. The Fajita Burrita was also great with some added queso inside. The one thing I wouldn't recommend is  nacho appetizer as all the toppings are piled on top with nothing on the chips underneath.~cranberry fajita chips ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~49OzJ4N_JoDOP2h0Dd221A~I did not expect such high prices but the food waas awsome.  The Big Ass burger is that!  Everybit of what I could eat.  My wife had the fish tacos - very good!  You MUST have the banana split - deep fried plantains wrapped in a tortilla, rolled in cinnamon! WOW!  Our server was outstanding. Parking is odd - keep right off Chaparral....~burger tacos banana ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~HDZ6NcLPqWCyUKWiN1FnBw~Overall, not that impressed. I've only been to one other buffet before, at the Bellagio, and I prefer that one over the Wynn. We went on a Tuesday night, after a long day of hiking at Zion National Park, so we were starving. To be honest, I didn't feel like the buffet was that big. I went back 2 times for a heaping of crab legs & shrimp cocktail, which are the only foods I really enjoyed there. They have some dim sum like dumplings and such at the Chinese food station, which was awful. Most of their cooked fishes were overcooked and not impressive. Their cheese ravioli in their pasta section was good, as was their miso soup.  They have a huge dessert section, but to be honest, none of the desserts really impressed me. One of my dining companions loved their coffee ice cream, as he is a big fan of coffee and it tastes very very strongly of coffee.  I would not go to their dinner buffet again. Also, it is very pricy, comes to about $37 with tax per person. A friend of mine said their breakfast buffet was great though, and only $25, so would be willing to try that sometime.~shrimp cheese pasta miso soup desserts coffee ice cream coffee coffee ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~cggB_3UFPL0QMX_NhArumg~I had brunch here, and the quality control was excellent. BUT... I didn't really like most of the food... The buffet at Wynn is beautiful, clean, with a modern french twist of new and old. The presentation and quality is excellent. The food is fresh and well made.  I love their fresh breads (try the dark brown one, it so good). I love their prime rib, nice and juicy and tender. All to medium rare to medium. The slab bacon was quite nice and peppery. I love that they had a deli meats and cheese bar. The fruit bar was quite nice too, fresh fruits; all beautiful. There drinks and service are real good too, but what do you expect if you pay around $50 for brunch. But that was about it. I wished I liked all the things there but I don't. The biggest disappointment for me is the desserts. The dessert were beautiful and well kept. But they tasted too sweet or the flavor combination just did not work. In the end I only like the cream puff they had in the desserts, and that was only after I took some of the large sugar crystals off the puff crust. It was just too much when the cream is already sweet. But that is only my preference. I feel like that need to go back to some basics (flavors) of desserts before going for the decadent stuff. Rice pudding with caramel mousse is a example....  of flavors that clashed when it became to sweet. As well as my raspberry and lime dessert combo when my lime was super strong and tart mixed with the raspberry. Maybe I arrived on a bad day...  But I recommend the prime rib, the dark brown bread roll, cheese, and some fruits. Also their passion fruit iced tea is kind of nice.~breads brown bacon cheese desserts desserts desserts rice pudding caramel lime lime brown cheese passion fruit tea ~4 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~diEfHAm53aD4TznUC2I6-A~If you like cheese, there's no doubt you will LOVE this truck. Had their mac n' cheese which was nostalgic and delicious then had some tater tots "le Cheese" style (could have easily eaten 50 of them, they were great) and my girlfriend got some deep fried cheesecake, which again, dangerous for the belly but so damn good. Overall, if you're looking for a quick and delicious lunch from some cool guys, I would highly recommend it.~cheese cheese cheese ~5 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~jYOWmrZPQ0_UzXxcbN5Wfg~Heard about this place and wanted to give it a try. I remember having it at CNE before but never seen it again.   Yummy cone special ($5.30) Originally I thought it would be like a gimmick but surprisingly it tasted really good. The cone was the pizza crust, and inside was stuffed and loaded with a lot of ingredients, including pepperoni, bacon, sausage, green and red peppers, mushroom, and cheddar and mozzarella cheese. It was baked on the spot so served nice and hot - best to eat it right away while the cheese is still oosey and stretchy, and the cone crust still crispy, adding a nice crunch. Quite filling with all the ingredients. My only thought was it was missing pizza sauce to make it seem more like a pizza. Its $8.10 if you want the combo with a drink and fries.  The owner was really nice and outgoing. He even offered me to try his new frozen yogurt for free!~pepperoni bacon sausage mushroom mozzarella cheese cheese fries frozen yogurt ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~1Ar7tEXetgH2fyJB1RQHuA~GENERAL NOTES Some of the best Indian/Pakistani food in the city. How do I know? Cabbies. All the time. Honestly, who would know better than the cabbies? Also 24 HOURS!!!  MENU RECOMMENDATIONS You absolutely cannot go wrong with the Butter Chicken. Creamy, tasty sauce and huge chunks of succulent chicken over rice. I finally tried the Mango Chicken and that was similarly delicious. And for those who prefer more "authentic" indian, there's loads of options. Basically there's a plethora of catering trays filled with meat and veggie options - probably 20+ different options. They've let us just take a container and mix and match until it's filled as well. As for the nan, they recently changed it and I really don't like what they've got now. Disappointing.  SERVICE NOTES There is one counter and usually 1-2 people people ready to take your order/fill your container and these guys don't exactly move fast. Once your Styrofoam container is ready they'll offer to heat it in the microwave. It's basically as sketchy as it sounds. If you're on your way home, just take it cold and heat it up yourself...on a plate.  LOCATION NOTES Located on Church, just north of Bloor on the south side across from my friend Neil's place. Just look for the cabs. Seriously. Parking in a small lot right at the front of the building.  HUMOUROUS STORY My friend Chicken Parm Phil uses Cetaphil because his name is Phil.~butter chicken chicken mango chicken chicken ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~0y2Ke3KLc8rtBi278Knzbw~The nachos were amazing! And so were the coconut chicken strips. The service was a 8 out of a 10 because it was a slow night and the waitress took forever and a day to bring over ranch and water. I'll go back though because the food was that good!~nachos coconut chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~CszoWxfk_8r_bIT6Io1MPg~I had brunch at Graze, and it was disappointing, closer to 3.5 than 4 stars on my scale. But I trust the L'Etoile team enough to give them another shot, probably for dinner, a menu that looks more interesting.  I had the pub burger, which was quite good but not great, while the fries were a little salty for my taste, but the aioli was a very good complement. Also tried a bit of a co-eater's ramen noodles with pork, which was better with some hot pepper sauce, but not special either.  In terms of atmosphere, the place is very nice and open, and it was a great setting for a summer morning by the farmers market.~burger fries ramen noodles pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OGOFEDDtzvvSeA4q8Uuc5A~Happy Hour is the best time to visit and is the best value. Don't miss the "Big Ass" burger or green chili pork. Get there before the 4pm start of happy hour to ensure you get a seat. There's often a line out the door!~burger pork ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~JkVMUyGkqugpLLgmaza0tg~Dublin's fries and onion rings are fantastic. They're herbed and come with a delicious sauce, and are nice and greasy without sitting in your stomach like a rock. They've got loads of great drinks, especially if you're a whiskey fan. They sometimes have live music in the front, and while they're a little loud for such a small place they were nice to have.~fries onion rings ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~7UhW_jVE5fK4R-sgfrsp1Q~Very clean facilities. Tons of parking even though its nearly full at noon each day. The salad bar is always well stocked and very fresh. Wonderful soups and deserts too. Nice music, modern not elevator. Attentive staff to remove your dirty plates/bowls. Nearly always use their emailed coupons for BOGO (with drink purchase). Pricey but worth it as long as it's not too frequent.~salad ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~-bRv39frCI050fC2eUoxBw~I've come in here a number of times - it's a decent salad bar. They have salad options with the bar, and the soups are the best part. The freshly cooked pasta leave something to be desired.    I used to really like it, but I find it harder to keep coming back. The service gets poorer all the time. They used to come around with fresh cookies periodically, but that has completely stopped - they will sell you some. The cashiers and managers are the biggest challenge. I get coupons by email, and every time I go in they refuse to honor them - they add some requirement that doesn't exist on the coupon. Both times I involved a manager, they were smug and blew me off.    With no discounts, the price is pretty high. At $10 for a salad bar, I really would expect something more.~salad salad pasta cookies salad ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NyeKUAtri_tv-gMBri-opA~BBQ beef sand w fries & a Fat Tire.  You can't go wrong.~beef fries ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~l7gNaVnkqAnwvP89v7moAQ~Being from the Pacific Northwest, I have fairly high standards for seafood and have not found many places in Pittsburgh that I would consider great (or even "good" for that matter). I came here for an event earlier this week and was able to sample a variety of their oysters. If these were any indication of the rest of the food, then I can't wait to come back and try a full meal (- the blue-crab stuffed salmon is first on the list). My favorite was their version of oysters rockefeller, which I could have eaten an entire plate of. We were also given a shucking demonstration, which was super fun - they make it look so easy! Everyone that works there is very passionate about seafood, especially the owner who seems very involved in the daily operations of the restaurant (and is also very cute :)  ).   The space itself is great - it is decorated well to fit the theme of the restaurant. I will be back soon to try a few more items from the menu!~salmon oysters rockefeller ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~uKBdjF7ktzKN-M__5_5NbA~We've been coming here for years and this was the worst order ever. We always order the same thing, the fried shrimp, mahi and chicken katsu combo plate, the fried shrimp, mahi BBQ chicken combo plate, beef fried saimin, spam saimin, BBQ chicken plate and a chicken katsu plate. Sometimes they're good others they're ok. Today everything was bad. It seems as if they're cutting costs by slicing the chicken and mahi length wise in half so it looks like the same amount but just much thinner. Nothing had taste even the saimin was watered down and half the amount of noodles. The fried saimin was half veggies half noodles with about 4 small pieces of beef. The BBQ chicken was thin and wasn't marinated enough so there was no taste. The chicken katsu was thin and overly fried it was like jerky. The katsu in my combo looked like left overs they cut and refried and the mahi was so thin it shriveled up into a curly q. I called them to tell them at the very least replace the katsu which was obviously refried so they told me to bring it back. Needless to say I brought back just the katsu and I told them how the mahi was and the cook showed me how the other pre-battered frozen pieces looked. The other cook gave me dirty looks and the two of them including the cashier was all talking Spanish which shows no ALOHA despite their name.~shrimp chicken shrimp bbq chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4XejYxunEvxCzCeIFSXg8g~You must come hungry! There are so many choices, so best to do walk thru first to see what is on offer. Nothing worse than piling lots of food on your plate you won't eat, then getting another plate to try other dishes. My husband doesn't eat meat, gluten, and dairy, so the chef took him for a tour to show him the vegan dishes. So nice this is offered!  The dessert is also abundant, do a walk thru with this too. My favorite was the gelato, around 5-6 different flavors. Loved the vanilla bean and coffee.  I'd come back to this buffet. For all that is offered the price is reasonable. Add $15 for unlimited sparking wine, wine, and beer. I didn't choose it, but it's nice they have that option!~coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~kvd2KjZoi9Wm6AczSzhnZA~Best cheese curds in Madison. Hands down. Best brunch in Madison??? Perhaps!  Man, I'm lovin me that fried chicken and waffle. Chicken. Waffle. Perfection.  But dude the seasonal fruit pancakes with apple cherry compote and cinnamon butter....umm, I'll take an extra order to go...  If you're feeling traditional, don't worry you can get your eggs and bacon. Uh huh.~cheese fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~PTiQDt2trZCXBDRY37XPYg~it's got this great, modern ambiance to it but the food is just okay.  the bibimbap is nowhere near authentic and the pork buns were disappointingly over priced.  the popcorn is good tho, ill give it that.~pork popcorn ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jZdfsb8cewRVO5-pJCOVPQ~Didn't get to sit outside so a little disappointed.  We saw the "big assed burgers" and all decided to get one.  They were great but a bit messy.  Food and service were excellent.  Will try and get back for happy hour~burgers ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~FwE5DEm_ZmSi5pOFUqOPzQ~A new player in the Downtown Phoenix food scene, Bliss is a creation by the folks behind the Fez, Switch, and Ticoz empire. They occupy a buliding once occupied by Fate and Nine|05, the former of which was one of my favorite restaurants.  Entering the restaurant, we were greeted with an odor of mildew and dirty water, which isn't exactly a pleasant way to arrive into an establishment. Being the only ones seated in the small space, we were able to really examine it, and I noticed one glaring difference between the way they have it set up and the way it was set up; it feels like a cafeteria. The installation of florescent lights, heat lamps, and massive amounts of stainless steel in the open kitchen make this place feel like a lunchroom at high school. Whatever, we can deal with it. An overview of the menu showed several options which seemed like drunk food... fried everything, cheese crisps, foot long hot dogs, slider burgers, tacos, grilled cheese, etc. Apparently "comfort food" means deap fried grease? NO THANKS. I ordered the Braised Beef Tacos, which had the consistency of paste, but were average in taste.   My biggest gripe with this place is the microwave (not even a turbo chef) sitting front and center in the kitchen. Look, I understand that some restaurants use microwaves (usually not good ones) in their kitchen, especially if it's a cold kitchen (which this isn't) but having it in plain view and audible in the dining room is just atrocious. I truly hope someone from the restaurant reads this and hides the thing. It made me completely lose my appetite when I saw them heating my girlfriend's rice for her chicken skewers in the microwave. yuck. She did mention she was neutral about her food. We are people who go out at least once a day for a meal and try a new place every time, so we know food.   Everyone we encountered was nice, and the service was very friendly. Everyone seemed interested in how well we enjoyed our meal, the space, and they seemed interested in welcoming us back. Unfortunately, the place looks kind of makeshift on the ReBar side, and like a cafeteria on the Bliss side. I'm not really sure why it looks makeshift, perhaps it is just because it looks like a temporary wall in the back of the room, or because it looks so bare, but it looks like they are in there just for the time being.   I feel compelled to go here again but only for drinks out on the patio. The inside looks like Mexico, the food wasn't very good, and the cafeteria/microwave issues pretty much summed up this is not a place for a nice night out dining.  I also find it interesting how many reviews are by orange heads or people who were here for the "vip opening." c'mon, try the place before you write a public review of it, and by try I mean eat some food, and actually experience it.~cheese hot dogs burgers tacos cheese beef tacos chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Uxh8yXD6F0jrYFZ0uApHhw~My wife and I had 4 others meet us on the bar patio for happy hour. We looked at the appetizer menu and I decided to try the BIG ASS BURGER.  This meal was not an appetizer, it was huge. It came with fries and both the burger and the fries were good. It has to be over 1/2lb of beef, I had all I could do to finish it but during happy hour it was $9. Great deal  When dinner (and several drinks) were over, our server started telling us about the deserts and recommended the banana split. This is a banana with chocolate chunks, and caramel wrapped in a tortilla and fried, then rolled in cinnamon and sugar and served with ice cream and sauce.   Ohhh, This was so good and rich, she brought one desert and 6 spoons. We had all we could do to finish it.  The mens room is a hike from the bar patio, infact it is in the middle of the adjoining office building. I was surprised that a place this nice did not have it's own mens room.~burger fries burger fries beef banana banana caramel ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~i4I2a1QcqV9uCPTuzUNkKQ~I would love to give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5. However based on my experience dining in the Buffet at the Wynn, I will utilize this review for some constructive criticism with a few kudos. A combination that will accumulate in a 3 star review.    The Buffet at the Wynn is a dining area of elegant surroundings. I had the experience of dining in an indoor garden. It was an experience made better with seeing the sun as it shined through a glass ceiling. It was an experience supported through a $25 daily lunch price.    With so much investment in a luxurious interior, why was there so little in training? The service was mediocre at best. After the friendly hostess seated us, we kept waiting and waiting for a server. Finally we had to ask the hostess to send a server to our tsble. Why? In the Mirage, the very hotel that Steve Wynn created, on the spot the Cravings Buffet server asked what we wanted to drink. Ditto for economy buffets that include the Fiesta. Just like miso soup at the Wynn, the service was relatively nonexistent. It seemed that our friendly server was more interested in chatting with another server than taking care of our table. During desert, I had to walk up to him to kindly ask him for more coffee.    And the coffee is another area that constructive criticism hopefully could improve. When people are paying good money for a buffet, they appreciate when the server pours fresh coffee into their cup instead of a pot of coffee that had hot temperature challenges. To get to the chase the coffee fell short of the hot temperature and taste that I expected.    Further constructive criticism of the Buffet at the Wynn is numerous food stations with so few choices. The stations themselves are commendable.  They are Shell fish, chilled sea food, Asian, The Grill, American, Italian, Pizza, Seafood, Salad, and Specialties. But the selection is lacking. The most obvious example is the soup selection. There were only like three soups in the whole buffet. To my eyes it wasn't quantity over quality. The chicken noodle soup appeared to be mostly chicken and barely noodles. Where were the mushrooms in the Vegan Cream of Mushroom soup? Where were the soups that the people love? I would have appreciated if I could of chowed down miso soup, won ton soup, hot & sour soup, or egg drop soup. I was disappointed that I could find the standard buffet offerings like salmon but no shrimp or scallops. I could go on and on. But I want to address the point that each station had only a few choices, the antithesis of the Rio Buffet and when you get down to it a Feast Buffet. And my taste buds found little difference between the egg plant parmesan here and at the Orlean's Buffet. The small selection extended to the ice cream selection. I do not recall seeing gelato. I am sure that the common flavor of strawberry was nonexistent. And the scoop of the delicious capucinno ice cream was remarkably small at the same time of being a scoop short of the ice cream served at the majority of buffets.     I give kudos to some of the live stations. The Kalhi marinated steak was delicious. And I also thought highly of the shrimp and pork dumpling with garlic sauce.    The deal is that I work very hard for my money. Put it this way, I am not one of those guys that is going to drive out of the Wynn Ferrari dealership in a new Ferrari. But, sometimes constructive criticism goes a longer ways than the wheels of a Ferrari from a Wynn show room. With that said, in the near future I intend patronize what I consider better buffets on the Las Vegas Strip. Regardless I still give Steve Wynn an Internet ^5.~miso soup coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee salad soup chicken soup chicken mushrooms mushroom soup miso soup soup soup egg soup salmon shrimp egg ice cream ice cream ice cream steak shrimp pork garlic ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VwI_T-K0o-s3KqWSiwN_pA~COST: $2.50 (Coffee) $10~ Bibimbap Burrito After walking through a blizzard literally anything we eat here would ve been awesome The friendliest people I ve seen in Madison for sure I was picking between their bibimbap burrito or breakfast sandwich and I was advised by the server to go for the burrito and she was god damn right It s so surprising to me how a very clearly American looking place has such a fantastic brunch special It was so delicious I wish had gone back for it The flavors were exotic and the small side of kimchi was amazing There was some special spicy sauce that came with it It definitely had some kick to it and was on the sweet side as well just perfect Last but not the least let s talk about the coffee They brewed and served Kickapoo Coffee s Winter Solstice which I m still trying to find and buy online It s the most delicious coffee I ve ever had with hints of chocolate and caramel It was awesome I look forward to a Madison return trip over the summer and I ll roll through Graze again ~coffee) burrito) burrito sandwich burrito... coffee. coffee coffee caramel. 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~lHISZGq7_TlpH4WCYvOkDw~BJ's is your typical chain brewery I think.  It's not quite as good as a 4 Peaks because well, everyone likes a one of a kind over a chain...the good ones any way.    I feel like one of the downsides is that their menu is like a novel.  I mean my gosh, make a decision here...what kind of food do we want to serve?  I don't want to read through a Cheesecake Factory sized menu when I just want to get a beer and good eats. It's not bad food, it's pretty good - nothing above and beyond but also nothing to write home about.  I have tried the Grilled Chicken Pasta which was just okay.  The second time I went I had the Balsamic Glazed Chicken which was actually pretty delicious.   I haven't gone too much into the beer menu as I'm not a huge beer drinker, but the list is actually pretty big.  Service was great both times, servers were always very friendly and the place was clean.    I'm sure I'll be back here at some point, occasionally it's comforting to know exactly what you're getting in to rather than the unknown. :)~chicken pasta chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UlCQMFT5gBOsY-PJtE6x3Q~Went on a Friday night and it was pretty busy. Got a nice table by the window. The cheese plate was pretty good. I thought the food was pretty average compared to other places in Madison. The service was terrific. A lot better than most places, and the drink selection may make me come back just for drinks. Overall, I might come back.~cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VuygnyL6H6xO3LoY9EO3EA~How does a fork roar? There is a certain zen quality to that question, much like the ever popular "if a tree falls, yada-yada" (I know, it's not really yada-yada, but you get the idea). I have been to several restaurants lately named with utensil based nomenclature, or named after the place in which the meal was prepared (Kitchen, Wok, etc.).  I fully expect that trend to continue, but I think it shows a certain lack of imagination. Sometimes that can be helpful, like "Jimmy's BBQ Pit"...I know it's likely to be BBQ.  Simply "Jimmy's Pit" or "Jimmy's" or "Pit" wouldn't be helpful (well, "Pit" might tell you avoid the place). But generally, I like a little romance in the naming...a little something to pique my interest (having said that I still think the food at Hooters is just not up to the name, but that's a discussion for another time). The Beautiful Carin and I headed over to the Roaring Fork for Happy Hour a couple of nights ago and spent a lovely evening at the bar with Clark, the bartender/server/happy hour ambassador.  The bar is the place to have a happy hour dinner and couple of cocktails. Tables are fine, but the bar is just a better atmosphere!  We hadn't been back for happy hour since Bob McGrath sold the place, but it really hasn't changed (which is a good thing!!). All of our favorites are still solidly on the menu, and the Big Ass Burger is still riding tall at the Roaring Fork Happy Hour!  We started with the green chile pork stew and scotch (why yes, they do have one of my favorites...Bunnahabhain...that always puts me in a good mood!). I had the Big Ass Burger... it truly is a big ass burger and really tasty...it's not Kobe beef, it's just beef, but good beef, cooked correctly! Carin had the Roasted Chicken which was also really well prepared...crispy skin, moist and flavorful! We couldn't begin to eat it all, so DeeDee was delighted with us when we got home:) For the capper, they have started making their own pies, in their wood fired oven. You know what's better than chocolate pecan pie in homemade crust (yeah baby, none of the store bought crap for these Roaring Forkers)...almost nothing! Sex, that's about it. Jeez, I waddled out of there, $50 lighter, but that's a hell of a meal for $50, (including a couple of single malts, a marti and dessert)! So, how does a fork roar?  It roars for thee my friend, it roars for thee.~burger pork burger burger beef beef beef chicken pie ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sFV9JlF57Ujl5cITsC4W3A~I go to this place because of the atmosphere - not the food.  The windows and view of the capitol are wonderful and I love the setting.  But the food is meh.  Most recently I ordered the pub burger with the veggie patty instead of the meat.  It was a patty with wild rice, Bulgar, etc but I don't think there was a single veggie.  The "veggie" burger itself had no taste - it just relied on the pickles, sauce, etc.  I expected more from a place like Graze.  I've been there a few other times and each time I have been "undewhelmed."  It looks fancy but I'm not impressed.  One other note - I ordered a root beer with my meal.  Looked at the label and discovered it had high fructose corn syrup.  Really?  For a place touting the local-ness of the food, I would expected them to pick a root beer with more natural ingredients.  Very disappointed in that.~burger patty patty wild rice burger pickles corn ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~pzCCpn3FZ79Q_-lT4zaW7Q~My boyfriend and I originally planned to go to the old fashioned. We must have been struck with bad luck today because we drove two hours to dine there! We were so disappointed! We found graze after walking around and trying to get into other burger joints. Those of course were too packed. We then went to graze and were expecting to get burgers, but they only offered the brunch menu. So we weren't really crazy about any of the options. However, we were starving and did not want to want in line at another busy restaurant. We heard their cheese curds were quite a hit so we of course had to try them. I'll admit it they were perfection. The cheese was melty and gooey and so so delicious. My boyfriend ordered the pub burger for his main course and I ordered the madame croque. My boyfriend ordered his burger medium and got his medium well. He did not understand why they put it on an english muffin because it was just plain soggy. My meal was pretty good but nothing worth raving about. The highlight was definitely the cheese curds. I was not into the atmosphere at all and the service was mediocre.~burger burgers cheese cheese burger burger cheese ~3 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~sglK-825VacFPpRBoTWnKw~We decided to get dessert last minute and this was the only frozen yogurt option that was open at 10:30pm on a Tuesday.  Nothing too special....but still a great, affordable desert.  Make sure to download the yogurtland app to get your free 3oz of yogurt!~frozen yogurt ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jPDRYzuxJz8C6SXhxSIy6w~Wow, I have never eaten at a place that was so all over the map in regards to service/food quality.  My husband and I came here on a Saturday evening to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Now, I was a dumb-o and forgot to make reservations.  I did try that morning, but you have to leave a voice mail because they don't open till 4, so that was totally my bad.  When we got there right at 6 pm, there was no one waiting in the waiting area and the bar was filling up.  We saw about 8 empty tables in the restaurant, I was excited because I thought oh good, we can still get a seat in the main restaurant.  We asked the hostess for a table for two.  She looked at me like I was crazy and said, sorry we are all booked up, you can go sit in the bar or our next available seating is at 9 (WHAT?!).  I said, well I can see several open tables and no one is waiting here, I didn't realize this was a reservation only restaurant, there was no mention of it on your website.  She then says, well its Saturday, so yeah its pretty much reservation only.  This older gal was none to friendly and said, just go hang out in the bar area and scope out tables.  Um, ok...  So we decided to sit in the bar and take her advice on 'scoping out' a table.  We find a table quickly and our bar waitress was not helpful at all.  Took her 5 min to hand us a menu, we ask for a regular menu, she brings one 5 min later.  I ask her for another regular menu so my husband can look at one too and she replies, oh ok...Off she goes, where to, nobody knows...In the meantime, the seating in the bar is just what you'd expect, crowded, not that comfortable, so we scope out one of the three booths in the bar area and waited until this couple left and switched to that booth.  This booth was great, even though we were in the bar, didn't feel crowded or rushed at all.  So, that was nice, plus our server over at the booth was much more attentive and friendly...  OK, on to the food....  We ordered the mojito and their signature margarita.  The mojito was delish.  First time I had ever had one and I would totally order again.  The margarita was gross.  It was straight up tequila or something.  Maybe others would be happy about that (LOL), but I was not.  We didn't even drink more than a few sips.  Told the waitress, her response...sorry.  On to our appetizer, we got the Big Ass Burger.  It was very good.  Definitely a great happy hour item.  We split this and loved it.  For dinner, I ordered the pork tenderloin with Mexican street corn and grits.  This was good.  The pork did not have much flavor (it was wrapped in bacon) which was surprising, but it tasted good if you ate it with a bit of the corn and grits with it.    My husband ordered the ribeye steak.  This came out BLACK.  He took a few bites and called over the waitress to tell her all he could taste was the charred from the steak.  So they send it back and remake him one (the manager comes over and profusely apologizes, which was nice).   The redone steak came out great and we were happy with it, tasted flavorful, etc.  Now, the manager comes back and says, we comped the drinks and the steak for your trouble.  I am thinking, wow this is great!  How nice of them, the evening started out crappy, the steak was burned, this will be great.  NO, while they did comp the drinks, they comped the REMADE steak.  So, our check showed two steaks, with one written off.  I bring this to the waitresses attention and she goes to check with her manager.  She comes back and says, no the bill is right.  We are comping the steak we remade for you. I was in disbelief.    Needless to say, our first impression of The Roaring Fork was not good and we will not be back.  Too bad, b/c I think the place has potential, but I can get food just as good, for half the prices and pretenses elsewhere...~burger pork corn grits pork bacon corn grits steak steak steak steak steak steak steaks steak ~2 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~Prnwaszg8uV3zUhMtUVGJA~Their prices are getting out of control.  FOR SALAD?  Dudes, your dinner prices are getting exorbitant.  At these rates, the "premium" items like the proteins should be included with the meal.   Sorry Sweet Tomatoes, you just priced yourself out of the ballpark.  Back to SouperSald.  Just crazy lately!!!~salad ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Eua0pTP_5C5yfLVw4IUPhA~Graze is a high-class hippie joint and this is not a bad thing at all. My favorite cheese curds used to be from The Old Fashioned but were quickly replaced by Graze's beer battered cheddar cheese curds. Amazing. I highly prefer this place for dinner over brunch and similar to L'Etoile (same owners!) they offer fresh, seasonal ingredients with a farm-to-the-table approach. The gnocchi is particularly good as well as their pulled pork mac n' cheese. Their drinks are good but overpriced. They don't take reservations which sometimes means a long wait for a table but it is worth it.~cheese cheese gnocchi pulled pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qfkQkEdYjJdnJjLZlSu0PA~Mmm mmm... Dr Pepper braised short ribs with cheesy grits and a side of green chile mac and cheese.  Would highly recommend both of those dishes.  I'm getting hungry thinking about it!  Nice outdoor seating area and great bar area inside.~ribs grits mac and cheese ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~CimiLEa0M9VDPzXuBCUcEA~After hearing so much about BJ's, my brother and I went last night along with our pastor friend who lives just down the street.  We got the fried artichoke as an app, which was very good.  I had a baked potato with chicken and broccoli which was smothered in cheese and my brother had a chili cheese burger (those skinny fries are sooo good!).  Our friend had one of their BJ's deep dish pizza and I had a slice.  Not too greasy and with just the right about of crunch from the dough.  Then we topped it off with the red velvet pazooki, which was amazing!  But it's hard to go wrong with a pazooki.   The guys tried out a couple beers which they all thought were decent, but non of us are any sort of beer experts.    Overall the food was great and atmosphere was comfortable, but just a little loud.  Not the kinda place you want to go for peace and quiet, but not overbearing either.  Our server came to check up on us frequently and she was very polite.    Will come again!~artichoke baked potato ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aDSIWDD34YfHVDf7U4EWCg~One of the two buffets we always go to. There's always a great selection to choose from, and their dessert is delicious. The food is separated by things like, "Asian," "seafood," and "italian." Although they are a bit pricier than others, the quality of their food, and service is definitely worth it. Service is always hit or miss, though.   Plus : they have decaf coffee, and will give you soy if you request it for your coffee!~coffee coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~AYv_DjwKSJWztyQoiDC9Ig~I love the food in the buffet. It is definitely delicious. I personally enjoy the rice congee with the black egg, but that is an acquired taste. The only problem i have with the buffet is that it is extremely pricey. For my wife and I, i think we would pay around $100 with the tip included.~egg ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~eCVo762cK-PvKydUmz5ujw~Great seafood with a kid's menu too!  We used our Yelp coupon for a free appetizer and then enjoyed some delicious entrees including halibut, the crab cake salad, the kid's fish sandwich and the kid's pasta. All were very good with great service.~crab cake ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~3dWLYnHSXMraGmyXEVCraA~I had the green chili pork, omg it was awesome....came with roasted fingerling potatoes, awesome also .~pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~0gzX4GUodhz-I9F2raXW6Q~Disclaimer: I am not much of a buffet person.  The idea of eating  endless amounts of food (with the knowledge that there are many hungry people in the world) does not quite sit well with me.    I just had to try the Wynn buffet because the hubby would not stop talking about how he loved the bread pudding from his last Vegas trip.    I was pleasantly surprised.  We went for lunch on a Monday and there were no line - at all.  We were seated in the Alice-in-Wonderland meets Steve Wynn kitch atrium.  I have to say, it was quite nice.    My favorites were the pulled-pork (on top of of crunchy toast with light and fluffy fried onion rings) and the salad on cups.  The dessert selection was vast and the service very good (for a buffet) - they re-filled by ice tea five times!  If you are to do the buffet thing in Vegas, the Wynn is definitely the place to go.~pork onion rings salad tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~HsOtd3O0yb-XtzRsdJfnvg~OMG! These people don't play! Came here for happy hour and if was off the chain! Big ass burger and huckleberry margarita were the bombdizzle! They don't skimp on the alchohol! Drink totally worth it! Burger with tender beef, roaster green pepper, homemade fries with yummy aioli ! Heaven!  Ambience : lots of old folks but we came for the food !  Dress code: think tommy banana for guys and for girls... Whateva!~burger burger beef fries banana ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~wqdDjdJZlKlsPf82thP_vQ~We met a colleague from the past here and enjoyed the happy hour experience on the outdoor patio. Heat near the table was very welcome, as it was a bit chilly. Inside, there is a surprisingly beautiful restaurant.  The server was very professional, friendly, thoughtful, and helpful.  We first tried the signature huckleberry margarita. Thumbs up! The Big Ass Burger was indeed enormous. The fish tacos are a "new" take on tacos and very tasty. All the food was very good.  Food: 4.5 stars Service: 5 stars Ambiance: 4.5 stars~burger tacos tacos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UjpkUTmeyzI00mNKu7RyZQ~AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.  The line is uber long, but the wait is all worthwhile once you see and taste the food. It's like waiting in line at disneyland, the lines wove around and around.   The buffet is about 30 dollars but they have champagne brunch for 36 dollars as well. The champagne is good, they use Freixenet Champagne, which I like, and they also bring you orange juice for mimosas if you ask. The champagne is unlimited and we drank to our hearts content.   The food is gourmet from Asian sushi and soups to Italian rissoto and pastas. The thing I found most interesting is that all the food is gourmet, but they had congee with pork sung!! That is the ultimate Vietnamese porridge and we ate that because it was so cheap!! I had to try a bowl and it was delicious.   I had mostly breakfast food, but I also meandered to the Italian section to try the lamb rissoto and it is the best risotto i have ever had. I think I had 3 bowls of it.   There is a whole dessert room that had different flavors of ice cream, eclairs, cupcakes, doughnuts, and cookies. You can get on a sugar high just being in this room.   Even the coffee to sober up was good. I don't think I have anything bad to say about this buffet other than the lines, but it is understandable why is is so long now.   The is the BEST buffet ever.~sushi pork lamb risotto ice cream cupcakes doughnuts cookies coffee ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~IV0pb4zOKEYVJECz-CmTYQ~We just ate here today. Chicken Katsu is great. The BBQ meal was delicious. All meals have huge portions and the prices are reasonable! We have never had a bad experience here. And this place is busy all day.  I will definitely be going back because I want to try more dishes.~chicken ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~7RMzCz-qoIFcobAKUSS3Ng~The one star is only because our waitress Alyssa was great, but the food was some of the worst Irish food I've ever had in my life. We started off with their potato soup. One cup came to the table looking like soup and the other two looked like congealed porridge, not to mention they where all extremely salty. The cheese curds where about the best thing they had, but the onion rings were soggy and anemic looking. My wife had the pork shank that was so over smoked, she couldn't even taste the flavor of the pork. To this day she can't eat anything smoked because of it. My son had the shapers pie and said it was bland and tasteless, not worth $13. I had the bangers and mash by the recommendation of the waitress and they where in-eatable. The gravy on the massed potatoes was a gloppy gelatinous mass that would stick to the fork like The Blob.  Needless to say I will not be going back there for anything ever again. Money down the drain.~potato soup soup cheese onion rings pork pork pie ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sC1vtBubnbe6Qx0pJM_ntA~It can be hard to find food in Scottsdale late on a Sunday, especially in the off season.  OK, by "find food" I mean food that will please all, such as one can find at this new American meets char-grilled bourgeois chain with its massive menu.  So for me, this has been a kind of safety net for culinary dilemmas.  I've eaten the mac-n-cheese and other nom noms at the Austin location, and I've eaten at this location both for the "burger/bar" experience and the full on dinner extravaganza.  Much of the food is way above average, and described in detail elsewhere.  On my last dinner trip, we had the scallops and the plank-grilled fish special.  Both were well executed, although I can't tell you anything specific about the flavor profiles.  That in itself says something for me.  Not that it's not good or not worth it, but that it's not "special."  I can still tell you what I ate at Citizen Public House a year ago, but not this meal from a month ago.  But the burgers are amazing.   And the lamb app is fun.    I will say that as a dining experience this location feels like a cattle call, a kind of high-priced assembly line production with solid food, rushed service, and faux veneer on multiple levels. For me, this is the place to sit at the bar and get a burger and a glass of wine or beer in the afternoon, and perhaps an app.  As a dining experience, it's a bit cold an anonymous, not helped by the expansive interior.  The bar in Austin, just from a vibe level, is much more suited to my tastes.  And in Texas, at least the platinum-blonde dye is REAL.  :-0~cheese burger burgers lamb burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sSB7kvw7P4KR_TyTgEQS_g~Terrific spot - recommend reservations if you can.  We had a group of 7 and figured we would be fine on a Monday night but only the manager's creative efforts got us in pretty quickly.  Great steaks were had by all and the BLT wedge was fantastic.  For the appetizers, try the pork burritos - those were terrific.    As many others stated, the green chile mac and cheese and the mexican street corn are both great for side dishes.    The servers and wait staff were very very good and the vibe of the restaurant overall created a nice scene.    It won't be a miss, I promise.~steaks appetizers pork burritos mac and cheese ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~d4VWpUUzibqJVXsFml_B0g~I've been to Mad Mex dozens of times and I've never had a bad experience! If you're looking for a place that offers great food, great drinks, great service, all thrown together in a lively environment, this Mad Mex will do it for you!  In this adventure, I tried their drink special for the day which happened to be the bomb banana slammin' margarita. It was like slipping on a banana peel and falling in love! I also had the tortilla soup and potato taquitos. Both were just equally delicious.   One of the things I love about Mad Mex is their menu options. They have a wide variety of options that will suit a variety of appetites.~banana banana soup potato taquitos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~hw_bp4LzTZOUUlNHgaMjbg~In a word: disappointing.  After reading some reviews that placed this consistently in the top five buffets, we decided to give this a try.  We went on the 26th after Christmas for an early dinner to avoid the crowd.  The line was about one hour (3:30pm until 4:30 when we were seated).  $200 for four adults.  By appearances it could be nice with 15 or so stations with a lot of variety.  Unfortunately no coffee station for the price!    Salad:  not appetizing or original at all.  Skip.  Italian: the lobster ravioli was okay, polenta not good, gnocchi no good.    The grill:  prime rib okay, lamb chops adequate (a fresh roast came out and that was good, the first one was tough and dry).  Chilled seafood:  probably the only thing that was worth it.  Oysters, crab legs and shrimp cocktail.  Difficult to mess up.    Sushi bar:  sadly inedible.   The rice was the wrong texture and fish not fresh.  Ahi tuna poke was not sashimi grade fish -- this would not have been served in a good restaurant anywhere.  The grilled calamari with lime dressing was okay.  Desserts:  not bad but it was disappointing without a coffee bar.  Some highlights here:  a profiterole, creme brle, various small cakes.  Avoid the bread pudding.  All in all, this would have been good for $20 with no wait.  For $50 save your money and just go to a good sit down restaurant.    When we left the line looked about 2+ hours! oh sorry.  Their disappointment was probably way worse than ours.~coffee salad gnocchi lamb shrimp sushi tuna lime desserts coffee ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AKg9uZihEvuMBna0cvCwLw~Just enjoyed a wonderful dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday. The atmosphere was very nice as was the staff. Highly recommend the buttermilk chicken.~chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~TanH-GxRxbszd3z_3m4eVA~I come to Madison on occasion for business. Whether eating alone or not, this place is reliably delicious. My favorite dish is the bibimbap, and pork buns are also terrific. My server was solicitous and prompt (I was there before 6 for dinner), and the light and the people watching is very good.  Always enjoyable.~pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~DFJDkPwb9bMakI8YKTIO7A~Solid 3 stars  Went for dinner on a Saturday night.  Got there around 5pm hoping to beat the dinner crowd.  There were probably 10 people ahead of us yet the line moved so slow!!  After paying in the front, we were greeted by an older lady dressed in tacky 70's outfit. Upon observation, I realized all of the hostesses were dressed the same.  So she walks us over to the closest table by the cashier area which doesn't even look like a dining area, it was just an awkward place to sit down and eat.  It felt like someone put tables and chairs in a big empty hallway.  So we asked her if we can sit in the actual dining area closer in, and she blatantly said "go back in line and wait".  Umm.....never mind, we'll just take it.  So we just stuck to the awkward dining room and sat down.    Since I was starving, I made a beeline to the buffets.  The area was very clean and neatly organized.  There were varieties of foods and unique dishes that I've never seen at other Vegas buffets.    5 stars for great presentation.  2 stars for overly salty food.  Just about everything from snow crab to meat was extremely salty.  The only decent item was the prime rib and seasoned corn.  I was so disappointed because I had high expectations.  Even the dessert was unbearable.  My favorite madeleine's were spongy and flavorless.  Macaroons were soggy and gross.  What's worse than the salty food was the service.  Our server was very rude and when we tried to ask for refills on our water he, like all of the other waiters avoided eye contact and whizzed past us so fast we couldn't get their attention.    After 20 mins we had no choice but to ask the GM for more water and to order some coffee.  He was apologetic and brought out or coffee personally.  And we didn't complain in a bitchy way, we just brought it to his attention that we've been trying to get refills on our waters for a long time.  Apparently this didn't go well with our waiter and he gave us dirty looks every time he passed by our table.  Totally ruined our dining experience.  I plan to go back and hopefully the food and service will be better.~corn coffee coffee ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~vNg0F6aDmOc1qtEtDPYbog~I got the veggie pub burger which was a beet and walnut patty on an english muffin. It was a unique combination and it caught my eye. I loved the patty; it tasted good and you could actually taste the beet root. The english muffin as the bun was not a great idea; i think a typical bun would be the best idea still.   I also got their popcorn which the waiter said was the best popcorn he has ever had and it honestly kind of sucked. It was basically small popcorn with cheese sprinkled on top of it. I personally would not recommend the popcorn~burger beet patty patty beet popcorn popcorn popcorn cheese popcorn ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~XCXuuT11S0RKmzlP72wnzg~My go-to place for 4am Pakistani/Indian cuisine. They're open very late and usually have a collection of cab drivers parked outside who are always fun to chat with. The atmosphere inside is very casual, with an "order at the counter" and "seat yourself" system and TVs that usually play Bollywood music videos with occasional news reports.   Our dishes of choice: palak paneer, tika masala, butter chicken and chicken korma with plain rice and naan.~paneer butter chicken chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QPLD3EwcE1mDJBtwVLqIhA~We had our company xmas party at the roaring fork last year and I must say that it was a pretty good spread. We had the back room all to ourselves which was really nice, and we had tons of appetizers as we mingled and chatted with drinks in hand. What the appetizers were, I do not remember, but I do remember that it was alot of food.   Next we were seated for dinner and mind you I was a little stuffed from the appetizers but alas I took one for the team and made sure to partake in dinner. We had a caesar salad to start, I ordered the filet mignon and of course the chocolate brownie for dessert. We also had a huge bowl of the mac and cheese to share at the table and I tell you that was some good mac and cheese. Cheesy and spicy! What more can a girl ask for.  Will have to go and visit that place again soon.~appetizers appetizers appetizers salad mac and cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~xK2zvynGMnjcgFhTSbgMKw~These cupcakes are terrible. They look amazing and  I was so excited to dig in but the amount of icing (more than the actual cake) was nauseating. The taste was also very off. I suggest you buy your cupcakes elsewhere. I will not be going back.~cupcakes cake cupcakes ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~97lehi_nlgCqTSqEZ7Y77A~It was 11:00AM and I was starving!!! We drove around for about 30 minutes looking for something to eat  and finally we went to look for a restaurant inside the Wynn by yelpers recommendation. Once we were looking for the restaurant we came across this beautiful buffet.   I'm not a big fan of buffets, but I couldn't resist the beauty of this one and honestly I was starving that at that moment I felt like I could eat a horse.  The looks: It is BEAUTIFUL, this place looks just like the pictures you see on the Wynn's website (unlike other hotels).   Prices: for breakfast is $19.95 + tax so we went during lunch time (it starts at 11:30am) and it's like 22.95 (or 24?) + tax.  It sounds pricey, but it is so worth it!! We got seated around 11:45am, we missed the breakfast but they still had waffles, french toast, pancakes and fruit.   The food: It was a wide variety of food: American, Italian, Asian, Mexican & more - soups, salads, cold meats, calzones, pastas, eggs, steaks, seviche, sushi & a lot more.  Desserts: Ice Creams, caramel apples, cookies, cakes and fancy little things in very pretty containers, excuse my ignorance I don't know what they are called but they looked so good!  We sat and ate there for like a little over 2 hours, trying to try everything, but it's impossible!!! So much food, so little room in our stomachs! We would see guests at the other tables come, leave, come, leave... when we realized this we decided it was time to go...haha! It was kind of embarrassing, but whatever, will I ever see them again? no! and the people at the restaurant won't remember me, so just eat, eat, eat try to sample everything...who cares!  I recommend you pace yourself, haha, and save room for dessert, cus I didn't and I only got to try the ice cream :( Which was delicious, I got 1 scoop of coffee ice cream and a scoop of something else, I forget what it was but it was soooo good! One thing though, this coffee ice cream tastes has a very strong coffee taste, they are serious about it!   Anyway, I recommend this buffet! Will I go back??  SURE!~french toast pancakes salads steaks sushi desserts caramel cookies ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6XPsxHMNKa441QnhcrEnlw~Two words: CHEESE CURDS. My goodness, Graze has some of the best cheese curds I've had. Be sure to come early enough to not miss out-- I stopped by at 9 pm for a late dinner to learn that they were all out  Their menu is constructed around locally sourced foods, which is awesome. Thus, be prepared for a different entrees at each visit! The pork chops were absolutely delicious and so were the sea mussels from our last visit. A cozy atmosphere with great service! I would definitely recommend it.~cheese cheese pork ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~u9DMA1i6Xs6ZJHcd5taekw~Intriguing menu with great options - love the popcorn with SarVecchio cheese on top it's worth the price! House wine is from a tap, quality and made affordable by the lack of bottling driving the cost down. Great place for visitors and locals alike! Madison's finest for sure!~popcorn cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~-uFZljkYO1KmcfGfjZqQsQ~Best buffet prime rib on the strip, bar none!!  I had a Coke at the end because I was told that their fountains are calibrated everyday by someone from Coca-Cola.  Even THAT was delicious!   I will have to say, however, that their prime rib was delectable!  Roasted to perfection, the right amount of salt and spices (I think it was also brined).  Tender and juicy and seemed to melt in your mouth.  I can't say enough about it.  Well worth the $$ at a Vegas buffet.    Best advice is to go earlier than you plan because it could have a line.~coke ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Y-aXCBxXqZRpzrENC-0moQ~In the mood for a burger, my roommates and I decided to checkout Graze. There were a lot of people waiting for tables, but everyone was seated quite quickly. Make sure to show up with your full party because they will not seat you until everyone is present. In terms of the food, I ordered the smaller burger option and was pleasantly surprised.  It was the perfect size burger if you aren't too hungry or in the mood for something heavy.~burger burger burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~pDC_40JYDnMLuVsc1z-orA~Best happy hour around. Kettle pork green chili was great and can't go wrong with the big ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~-yJuEag6OdHbzSFrl1a30g~I want to like PGB.. I really do. But my experience was underwhelming. The flavours sounded tempting. The cupcakes were sitting so prettily on the displays. The storefront is so cute. There was a line infront of me. I suspect many hungry workers sneaking a cupcake into their afternoon coffee break. When it's my turn, it took me forever to choose. Finally, I got the red velvet with cream cheese frosting, the chocolate with vanilla bean frosting, and the vanilla with cinnamon frosting.   As a cupcake lover, I've had my fair share of cupcakes. What do I look for? A moist cake, a rich and delicious flavour, delicious not too buttery, not too stiff frosting. And a pretty presentation helps too.   My biggest issue with these cupcakes was that it was so dry. It's no fun biting into a dried up cake. Flavour wise, none of the cakes were very rich. Red velvet cake tastes slightly different from other red velvets I've tried. Frosting tastes good though. But then as I took another bite, the top part split from the bottom part. The cake even though dry, was super light so the heavy frosted top just toppled right to the side.. and then onto the floor.  Sad =*(  Price wise, it was average. I think it was $1.75 for a mini and $2.75 for a regular cupcake.   I'll have to try these again in the near future, perhaps at their other location. Maybe the key is to fatten up their cakes more so it becomes more moist. Butter makes everything taste better right? :D~cupcakes coffee cream cheese ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~NHDNSWH7xVjKOF_HHc4aRA~This was a very nice spot for a holiday dinner with my wife. Had a very nice view of paradise valley. You wont find a menu like this out there, with the different spices and flavors they use in their dishes. Its definately unique. Their signature drinks are hit and miss. Some were very good, and others were quite odd like the celery margahita. All of their dishes have an asian flare to it based on the spices/rubs they use on their food. The odd one out I would say was the chorizo and mussles. It was very good, but didnt seem to go along with the rest of the menu based on the falvors alone. I had the double pork chop which was phenominal. The glaze added that extra sweetness, and along with the slight char was awesome. The pork fried rice that went along with it was also very good, but would have been better if they could have mixed it up a bit. Not a lot of creativity with pork chop and pork fried rice in my opinion. It seems like allspice or chinese 5 spice seems to be a theme, and is in just about everything from drinks to the food.  Service was very good. Jim took really good care of us, and didnt rush us at all. Allowed us to have a cocktail before we ordered an appetizer just to sit back and relax. He also made sure not to rush us and made it on our time instead of his which was very nice.  overall: 4 stars food: 3 stars service: 4 stars ambiance: 4 stars noise: moderate~celery chorizo pork pork fried rice pork pork fried rice ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~F4QwjDwWVnPASzp0cHK9HQ~Wow, this place surprised me. From the outside, it looks like any other restauraunt attached to an office building. However, as soon as I walked in the door and saw chickens on a rotisserie I knew I was in for a good meal. Everytime I have been here the service has been outstanding, the food amazing and the drinks strong. They have a great happy hour and a wonderful complimentary bread basket. If you are into mac and cheese you have to try it here.~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~t_sJ3Gt2FqCDa0vcv9MmVg~Worth every penny. All decent food... Not too salty or sweet... Ramen soup was salty though..  Crab legs and shrimps were great...  Good coffee... and desserts...  I would come again.~ramen soup shrimps coffee desserts ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mqFtemb_1x6JdpUWjB6BdA~Oh Roaring Fork, Roaring Fork - where art thou, Roaring Fork?   North of the Scottsdale Fashion Square lies Roaring Fork. I came here for dinner with co-workers and the experience was fabulous! It is an intimate, cozy, romantic restaurant. I started off with the Huckleberry Margarita - it was pretty strong and couldn't finish it, but highly recommend!  The complimentary cornbread was moist and warm and full of goodness. The fresh guacamole and chips, rotisserie chicken flat bread, and the kettle of green chili pork was full of flavor!  I was already starting to get full, but I had to order an entre - the sugar-cured duck breast with green chili mac & cheese! So much food, not enough room in my tummy! You have to order the duck and the mac & cheese - it was the highlight of the night for me! It was ridiculously yummy...  I wish I saved room for dessert, but I didn't. Normally, very rare as I usually save room for dessert. This time, the food was just so good that I couldn't stop. I did not want to stop!  I woke up the next morning daydreaming about my dinner the night before. Yes, ladies and gentlemen - it was THAT GOOD!~chips chicken pork cheese cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~vLwxXK1NTqLTO68_yjVNBA~Great beer made on site, and some unique deep dish pizzas make for a great happy hour and reverse happy hour.   Despite the recent rise in the price of the mini pizzas the half off deal at happy hour is hard to beat. The deals on the beer are not the best, but they quality makes up for it.   I really like the spinach artichoke pizza, Imagine taking a pizza and using a creamy artichoke spinach dip in lieu of tomato sauce. That is one rich deep dish pizza. Couple with a tatonka stout and it is one great meal to indulge in.   Some of their other great beers are the Jeremiah red. As the name implies it is a red Irish beer. Usually there is a Belgium seasonal high gravity beer whose flavor and alcoholic punch is are to beat.  For happy hour beers are $1 off mini pizzas are 1/2 off and most appetizers are $2 off. There is some deal on well drinks, but then why come to a brewery to drink anything other than beer?     If you find your self feeling the effects of the beer too quickly the potato wedge fires make for a great sponge to soak up some of the happy juice in the beer.  Don't forget you can get a growler (1/2 gallon) of beer to go!~spinach artichoke artichoke spinach tomato appetizers potato ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~j1dT9OJLNvf57hI8wBoY5Q~I had there bbq beef sandwich, they do pile on the beef but the real winner here is the sauce.  The fries are made with seasoned salt just the way I like'em.  service..what service just order, pick it up and eat.  I'd be back but certaintly not for the ambience or friendly service.~beef sandwich beef fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MVmy-kTp-mo1yuU-dYfMSA~Graze is my favorite restaurant in Madison. Not only is the view incredible, but the atmosphere and food are unbeatable. The menu changes with the season which makes it that much more exciting each time you go. The food is fresh and local-- never over the top. You can always get classics like mac and cheese and the best cheese curds ever. Or you can go crazy and try one of their more creative dishes like my favorite beet and walnut burger on a pepita bun. The restaurant itself is trendy yet sophisticated and the service is great. The restaurant is well run and even when the wait is very long, they have a website that shows where you are in line and texts you when your table is ready. Overall, Graze never disappoints. Come for the food, view, and energy!~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~l7qG3dSYo1D4L2KuPAz4cw~The food took awhile to come, but it was decent.  We had the Dr. Pepper Short Ribs and the Dr. Pepper Baby Back Ribs.  The meat was cooked well but it was not seasoned well.  The chili macaroni cheese was not very memorable either.  The server was attentive and the manager did drop by to check on the table which was nice.  But we suspect this may be because it was low season.~ribs ribs cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rGI6tWBOif7ZBycPBobYkQ~I've been here a couple times. This past time we managed to sneak in and grab two seats at the bar before the rush hit. Started with the sangria it was delicious. I also got some pork buns. The one I ate had a bunch of bones in the mean which was frustrating because I had to take it apart to eat it. The other one didn't have any bones. It was very flavorful. I then got some Mac and cheese which was very good.  Some things on this menu are definelty overpriced. 21 dollars for a graze burger? seems a little bit excessive.~pork mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~3xQU3yjCvLdPOeKG0VLYTg~Amazing place!  Atmosphere, food and prices (happy hour). We went there with 12 of our close friends for happy hour.  The service was stupendous, everything everyone ordered was top notch.  When I asked the waiter for a recommendation, he said everything on the menu was great and so right he was!  In our crowd we had the big ass burger, mixed green salad, pork wings, fish tacos.  Everyone in our group is a converted fan and we will definitely be back!~burger salad pork tacos ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~t9leBBaGAul07WiUqRZV3Q~Came here for lunch and had a burger, flat breads, tacos and more with my family. It was delish!~burger breads tacos ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~anJu4pBUwtHoaAqVNvenCQ~I went for Sunday Brunch and they were out of Champagne!!! Unbelievable!!  But luckily the food was pretty good!  The highlights had to be the freshly prepared omlettes and the  prime rib.  It had a good selection of foods.  The deserts looked amazing but they kinda tasted all the same and a bit bland.  The coffee was good, very strong.    The highlight was sitting in the Atrium though, definitely the best looking buffet in vegas.  The atmosphere was great!~coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~8G_yUmxuXx2KW4-nqo3LiA~Being vegan, I like to pop in to the Wynn at some point during each visit to Las Vegas to enjoy a decent meal! This time, me and my companions opted for The Buffet brunch, and were not disappointed!   I alerted the hostess that 2 folks in our party are vegan, and she summoned a chef, and waited with us until the chef arrived. Chef Kelly was friendly and great! After introducing herself, and asking us about our specific dietary restrictions, Kelly took us all around the buffet lines, alerting us what was vegan, and what special dishes they could prepare for us (options included pizza, ravioli, tofu scramble, pancakes, and more!) We opted to gorge ourselves on the buffets plentiful vegan offerings, plus a specially prepared Vegan ravioli. All was delicious and there was way more food than we could possibly eat, even desserts! I really enjoyed the ravioli, polenta, and buddha's delight veggies.  The service from the hostess to the servers was great. We opted for the bottomless drink addition and were never left feeling thirsty! They also had great coffee with Soy milk.  I would definitely recommend this to visiting vegans/vegetarians and friends!~tofu pancakes desserts coffee milk ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JaxoA2NyFswtV3CWTy1WLg~We started our meal off with the deviled eggs and the soft pretzel appetizer. The eggs were good, and the pretzel was delicious, although I wasn't a fan of most of the dips that came with it. I had the farmer johns provolone sandwich with ham. I loved the bread, and the sandwich was quite large and filling. The fries that came with it were also good. I came here for a business lunch, and I did not pay for it, so I can't really comment on the value. The staff were attentive and overall it was a great experience.~sandwich sandwich fries ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~NPWv2HmWQd1Q_B1W53NghQ~I love all the Mad Mex locations, this one included.  The food is great and consistent between locations.  They are more than happy to substitute the meat in non-vegetarian items with tofu whenever I ask, even though it's not stated in the menu that they will do this.  That means big bonus points for me!!  There is no shortage of veggie-friendly menu items, but any time I have made a special request it has been honored without question.    This location seems to have more craft beer on tap than some of the others (namely Oakland).  That's great too!  There's really nothing I DON'T love about Mad Mex, it's probably my favorite restaurant in the 'burgh.~tofu ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~Bruj9LR1swh4ATn70Uq2Ow~So not good.    Most things were substandard.  My potato soup with chorizo was delicious.  But other than that, so off the mark.  For instance, my salad was swimming in vinaigrette.  So sour!  That's a Denny's mistake.  My crab fried rice had decent pieces of snow crab, but a strange, off-putting tang that lingered.  When I factor in prices, I start feeling anger and regret over my dinner choice.  Service started off slow (on a slow night), and then ended up downright dismissive.  Elements does have a beautiful view, and I would whole-heartedly recommend it for drinks with out-of-towners.  But if you care at all about food, keep going.~potato soup chorizo salad fried rice ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JfuEXh7tZQv5Du9gndRo9Q~Roaring Fork is a solid restaurant.  First and most importantly, the food is overall quite good!  Definitely a meat-eaters restaurant - would avoid if you are a vegetarian.  We tried the queso con puerco as an appetizer.  Pretty good though not spectacular - basically melted cheese with a small portion of pork topping, which is a nice touch.  For entrees, the pork carnitas are fantastic.  Very tender and nice flavor.  Bacon-wrapped pork tenderloin is also excellent - also perfectly cooked, tender, and the bacon... who doesn't like bacon!!  As a side, we tried the often mentioned green chili mac and cheese.  This was definitely good, though I do admit that I was slightly underwhelmed probably because of my overly high-expectations.  The macaroni itself was decent, though the crisp cheese topping was tasty.  Price is reasonable considering the pricey trend of Scottsdale restaurants.  Expect to pay high teens to mid-high 20s for entrees.  Service was great!  Other Yelpers described slow service, but this was not my experience.  Our waitress was prompt, friendly, and helpful, and we were frequently checked-on to confirm our meal was up to par.  No complaints.  Decor is nice.  We liked the ambience, and the kitchen can be entertaining to observe.  Would be a nice date place, since it's quaint and not overly loud.  Will be back!~cheese pork pork carnitas bacon pork bacon bacon mac and cheese ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~vp2Cku2FeFVbGt26Bts6Bg~Staying in town for some baseball. Was told to eat here....great customer service.  Prices are great.  The BBQ sauce is beyond amazing.  Tried the sliders...one beef,  one pork and one chicken.  One word...WOW. best pork I have ever had.  I highly recommend.~beef pork chicken pork ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Gep6UhpRDGiDoatEXop7gg~Got the butter chicken with nan A lot of variety, butter chicken was not bad but Ive had better before They warm up the food and give a small salad, 2 pieces of naan with a drink for 13 The best part of the meal was the naan, it was large and soft Would visit again~butter chicken butter chicken salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dzB8Dv1RT7xZqWT5C-FhUA~Awesome yummy buffet! Came here for brunch with my boyfriend and the pancakes were made on the spot and really fluffy! The sashimi was good and tasted creamy and we kept going back for seconds and thirds! Mango sorbet and green tea ice cream were also delicious! We were super stuffed and happy after this meal! Fresh squeezed OJ you can taste the pulp! and the waitresses were also very friendly! Would definitely come back! The decorations with the flowers and centerpieces were also really pretty!  Minus one star for the 1 hour wait though~pancakes mango tea ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~x2dETzjikioiVxzE1iy6ZQ~Today was a good day! Spending time with my son became a culinary dining experience that ended in magnificence.  GRAZE is 5 star worthy.  Upon the opening of the Giant glass doors, and entering the high ceiling area, you are greeting with a welcoming smile filled with sincerity.  We were asked if we wanted a booth, a bit cozier choice if needed, or near the front of the house . which is along the huge floor to ceiling windows overlooking the square. We offered no opinion , and were given the seating with a view. Loved it!  The server Anne, (who was impeccable) was so gracious timewise. This would hold true throught our entire visit.  We ordered mid afternoon libations, then decided on our lunch choices. The Moules Frites was a must. The Gorgeous Plump Mussels werre presented in a deep bowl, nice and hot, with the most delicate unevasive sauce worthy of dipping the hot crusty baguette into over and over. (that "bread" was insanely good) The accompanying crisped Frites, which btw are NOT greasy at all, are served with a Saffron Aioli that is so wonderfuly balanced. (kethcup would be a crime) My son had chosen for his luncheon entree, the Salad Lyonnaise. This included a perfectly poached Duck Egg  and also the Lardon made their already impeccable Dijon dressing,(and I quote)  "a man's salad".  I  marveled in the Beet Salad, which consisted of golden and red warm beets, cut into appropriate size. with your toasted pepitas (pumpkin seeds)  along with a honey vinagarette dressing tossed so light over mixed greens.The star of the salad was the warm mound of creamy pepita crusted Goat Cheese that melted in your mouth and complimented the earthy beets perfectly Our server Anne had such perceptively timed attentiveness  through our visit and i do feel the need to stress that and thank her. She made us feel welcome and apprecitated.   We LOVED GRAZE, and are so thrilled we made the correct city lunch choice.  Please do go. Indulge yourself in satisfaction. You're worth it.~salad egg salad beet salad pumpkin honey salad cheese ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~xucDR-JjqJtkSw7XgaWWIA~Lots of vegetarian options which is great. Good happy hour drink specials and food prices are comparable to other restaurants in the area. The portions are huge and their birthday club is great, when you sign up they mail you a postcard for a free burrito anytime during the two week span around your birthday.~burrito ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Vid8r7beJKr0UDT5IUdNaA~I came here for dinner on a Friday night (first mistake). The wait was atrocious. We waited for over an hour and a half (second mistake). I think this is why I don't remember much of my experience. From what I can remember they had bomb cocktails! I do not remember how the food was. I know I got the ever-popular mac n' cheese. I want to say it was just alright since I don't remember - probably meaning: It was just alright.   Looking at the menu right now and props to Graze for their unique dishes and combinations and of course, all locally grown ingredients.~cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~on7XKNk_BrwGEN8hpTpUOw~Took a friend here from out of town the other night. No lie, probably the best service I've ever had at a restaurant- they set the bar very high in valuing their customers. Aside from the service and most important- the food. I ordered the half chicken with vegetables and my friend ordered the "big ass" burger. The chicken was roasted perfectly. My favorite part though would've been the cornbread stuffing that the - chicken sat upon... they should offer a side dish of it, it was unbelievable. My friend's burger was huge, no surprise given it's very direct menu name- he loved it. Our server was very personable and extremely professional. I actually don't drink but the wine list was very extensive and have heard good things about the selection. Furthermore, I hear the happy hour is hard to beat, so I will definitely be coming back soon for more.~chicken burger chicken chicken burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nMK9vnJYcSNtAT11Y8KfOw~Happy Hour all night Sun/Mon - what a deal!  The guacamole & chips were very good. Green chili pork and rotisserie chicken flatbread was excellent.  Very good service - I'll be back!~chips pork chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VyptBEeI-xwcAz97b197gg~Thank you Yelp for consistently helping us find amazing restaurants anywhere we travel. My first cheese curd ever and I was floored we ordered a second serving. The beignets were delectable. The beet salad was exceptional. The service was fantastic. The view of the most impressive building in Madison was also a treat. Can't wait to visit Wisconsin again and stop at Graze.~cheese beet salad ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~a41hZXOmtOVqG5VU_wrO7A~The food was good, but when the bill came there were issues.  I want to start off by saying Luke walked around and introduced himself and made sure everything was OK- which was very nice especially on a Saturday.  The food came out fast, fries where underdone, but sandwiches made up for that.  The issue...The sandwich board out front said bloody mary's $6 - we were charged $8.  When we questioned the price difference the waiter seemed baffled that we were questioning it.  Being in a hurry, we paid the bill.  We had 6 drinks  paying $12 too much for the bloody Mary's that my group consumed.  If we go back, we will push the issue if it happens again.~fries sandwiches sandwich ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~KizSt2_wMCQSvvobKAiaiw~I wish I hadn't eaten at L'Etoile; my expectations were set way too high. The food was spotty (tasty egg dishes, overly salty salad, heavy beignets), but it was the service that was most disappointing. The wait staff appeared to have too many tables, as tables weren't turned over quickly, and there were long spells between refills or check-ins. The hostesses were probably the worst though; grossly inaccurate waiting time estimates, fibs about having called cells and a general unfriendly attitude.   If I didn't know for a fact this was related to the best restaurant in town, I wouldn't believe it.  Updated for non locals: when I say related to the best restaurant in town, I am referring to L'Etoile, a Madison institution.~egg salad ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~ay09f5vfyQjhNIfsli6CXQ~Had lunch here twice now and their BBQ sandwichs are very taste but definetly messy. First time I tried pork and this time I tried the chicken. Both were good. I recommend this if your in the mood for BBQ. I'm still dying to try their ribs but I don't think I could eat that much for lunch. The one thing I don't care for is their soda product. They have RC Cola! This is the only place I know that does'nt have coke or pepsi,, so I guess they are behind the times in the beverage department. But if your looking for good BBQ you should definetly try this place. Just make sure you grab some napkins!!~pork chicken ribs coke ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FqgbQ_im8oT9_Tue4qJVNQ~I say the best buffet in Vegas!  They have a huge selection of food from seafood, meat, pasta, etc. But I have to say that my favorite at the Buffet is the Coffee Ice Cream! Best coffee ice cream I've ever had!!! The taste & texture... yum yum yum ^^  I say the buffet at Wynn beats the one in Bellagio! If you are looking for a buffet, this one is a pretty good one to go to.~pasta coffee ice cream coffee ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~3WWBa9NSlff0QBkfBts9sQ~Wow! I've been wanting to come here for awhile now. We finally went with our friends tonight and I am so happy we did. Everything was amazing--from the moment you step in, you feel so well taken care of. We were seated outside on the patio under a delicious heater. Our waitress, Sarah, was outstanding. That perfect blend of friendly, knowledgable, and magically showed up at the table right when you wanted her. Impeccable service. The food was delicious. Our friends shared the ribeye, mashed potatoes and mac and cheese which they raved about. My husband and I shared the chicken flatbread, caesar salad and Mexican corn. All delicious! We literally finished every bite. Not sure why it took us so long to come here. I cant wait to come back. I hear their happy hour is unbeatable.  Highly recommend! Great atmosphere, food, wine, service.~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~V0KBW9pGfOvKDhrC1sXeTA~Awesome food, fantastic service, fair price.  Try the green chili mac and cheese for sure.~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~uu4QmMFF6ukea8LHPTL2Eg~The food here was decent, but nothing to write home about. The tortilla soup had a nice spicy kick. The ahi tuna appetizer was pretty good, I had that as my main dish. My fellow diners were also satisfied with their orders. The one dish I didn't think was very good was the green chili mac and cheese side. It tasted like velveeta instant mac & cheese with a little green chili added.  If I was only rating the food, this place would probably get 3 stars but I had some issues with the service and ambience.  Our party was seated towards the back of the restaurant near a back door, which servers used to go in and out to get more chairs. This happened at least 3 times during our meal, which was an issue since the temp was down to about 50 degrees that night. The service was also not great, for example, we asked for more bread and it was never brought out.   All in all, decent food but nothing special.~soup tuna mac and cheese ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~e161IywAAvnhwm8I56ICOA~Pricey, but lunch was absolutely fabulous.  Tempura shrimp, HUGE!  View, breathtaking.  Service, excellent.  Super place for out of town guests.  Only negative - needs a little freshening.  Carpeting, fabrics a bit worn looking.~tempura shrimp ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Own-PJAGfXO7i7TJ-V-5ZQ~Beautiful view of the capitol building. Service was more or less fine but nothing special. I ordered the roasted vegetables and mac & cheese. The roasted vegetables were fantastic, as roasted vegetables usually are. These were blissfully not drenched in oil and extra flavorful owing to the curry drizzle. I could eat those all day every day. The mac and cheese was good, though honestly a bit disappointing given the caliber of the restaurant. Frankly, I don't think Hook's 10-year cheddar is the right cheese for this dish and it could have used some mushrooms or caramelized onions, but still it was pretty good.  The small space didn't bother me like it seems to bother others. I thought the huge windows made it seem much bigger than it is. But I sat at the bar so maybe it's different if you are at a table? Though it seems like then it should bother you less. Who knows.  I totally forgot about their beet veggie burger. When I first looked at this place online months ago while I was still living elsewhere that is what caught my eye. Totally forgot about it tonight. Next time I'm getting that and skipping the mac & cheese.  And I thought it was a really good value. I had 2 glasses of wine, the roasted veggies and mac & cheese and my bill was $38. I'd happily pay that much just for the veggies!~cheese mac and cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~7mzax1NGpSWet8nDSKtgww~Decent food. It's hard to get light healthy food around here. I do wish the salad were a bit more fresh. The blonde manager shouldn't be managing anything other than her attitude. Other than that it's good. I do like the tall heavyset guy that works here he's a sweet heart. Also, the Black tall guy, he's incredibly sweet!~salad ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~uqGykt3EyhPL17KcUrnqJw~I love the potato salad! It's so good! The BBQ sandwiches are good, but sometimes I do question dropping 10 bucks for lunch here. BBQ sandwiches aren't that big and to be honest if it wasn't for the great potato salad, I would think this place is a rip-off.~potato salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tKnyuFhVz07gSzCyfkZa3g~*Get a Wynn players club card the savings helped.  Few things here are bad and the offering are just amazing. From French to Seafood they really have a decent selection. And desert is a must.   The wait wasn't too bad, pricing was high but it really didn't matter at the time.   I didn't really enjoy the ice cold crab legs but i did like how they were perfectly sliced down the middle, only if they were deboned :-).  I was confused by the untouched pizza, in a place which tried coming off as a higher end solution to a buffet. Not seeing single slice removed in my rounds. I didn't understand why it was served.   Rice dishs were plentiful , as were multiple soups with a lot of selection based on cooking style.  The best moment had to be the before desert coffee. It was nice being offered it.  For a buffet it was excellent. As for the price it didn't really match.   As for the service i wasn't wowed more then being offered free coffee.~coffee coffee ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~le2rIE2YvxWB9UoRi3nH-Q~This is one of my favorite restaurants. Great atmosphere and food. The parmesana crusted chicken is the best! I like that i can see all the sports games.~chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~-Pa4VevWc1zv8OW4URedoQ~In a word, overrated. However, I went during Restaurant Week, so I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt.  The wait was short, thankfully, as it was crowded and uncomfortable both at the bar and entryway. My date and I were seated at a very tiny table, but you can't argue with the view. I could've done without the wait staff frequently bumping into us. And the heat. Summer in Wisconsin gets warm, especially through all glass walls.  The drinks came quickly, thankfully. The waiter seemed quite stressed and worked fast without much sweet talk, but again, Restaurant Week. We placed our orders and were surprised to receive a basket of popcorn - which actually looked stale and gross - that we hadn't ordered. Figuring this was complimentary, we were about to take bites, until another waiter came running over asking if we had ordered it, and if we had eaten from it already. Turns out it was for another table. Somewhat disgustingly, he took it from us and re-served it to the correct table.  The courses were well done and timed well. The fish was cooked to perfection. The appetizer was so-so. Dessert was delicious. Ordering one final drink at the end of the meal, however, took forever to get to us (nothing fancy, just beer on tap).  The idea is wonderful with the local produce and meat, but the ambiance, noise, and price just weren't worth it to me. Would I give Graze a second shot? Probably, but not during restaurant week, and not on a weekend evening.~date popcorn ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bmLXOMrK9NNJfZ_Ah67YjQ~Went here for a late dinner. The restaurant has an amazing selection of local produce. The cheese platter as a starter is great and there is a good set to select from. They have a good selection of fish and meat to choose from for the main dishes. Had the "burger" with fries. The burger has tasty and cooked to specification. The fries were OK but nothing special. They have a great selection of Wisconsin beer. Overall a great meal and I am certainly coming back to try more of their food.~cheese burger fries burger fries ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~spoTWMFZFOIZR2kdAk_mkw~Ok, so this was my very first time at the RF and I thought it was a blast. Maybe it's because I was brought here on a date and was totally spoiled to the max!   I still give this place a 4-star rating because the overall experience at the end of the night was amazing!   CON:  However, we didn't make reservations and went around 6 p.m., it was Happy Hour and the bar was pact to the brim. We were told that the next reservation open would be at 8:30 p.m. and we didn't want to wait, so the waitress told us  that the bar and patio tables were first-come, first-serve. There were no tables open for us and we couldn't even make it to the bar to put in some drink orders, some customers were rude and it really agitated me and I thought this whole experience was going to suck... EDIT: Also, the waitress, well, we hardly saw her.  PRO: The BF, on the other hand, thought that it would be a better idea to go shopping  and then come back later during the 8:30 reservation time. And boy was he right. What a difference it made to be at the restaurant from a different perspective, no crowd shoving, rude people, etc.  DRINKS: -The BF had several different kinds of beers (I tried a bit of them all), but we were a bit disappointed that they didn't have any on tap.   -I had the "Octoberfest" I don't remember who made it, but the beer tasted a bit sweet, kinda chocalateee' -I also had a "Prickly Pear Mojito" which was very good, but a little too sweet for my taste, oh and the bartender was pretty generous too!   FOOD:  We had a three-course meal!  -For our appetizer they gave us bread and butter, and then we ordered "The New Mexico Fondue Pot Lamb Chops" (three piecesof lamb and some bits of chili pastacio bread, rosemary bruchette and butternut squash) and boy was that tasty. -The BF ordered a the "BIg Ass Burger" and I ordered probably the most expensive thing on the menu, the "Filet Mignon". I ordered it 'blue', my favorite way, and yes, they got it right! (it was just  tad salty, but still really yummy!) -For a side, we shared the "Green Chili Macaroni, which we barely finished, but made for an excellent (thick) late night snack. (microwaved)  - Dor dessert, I ordered a Brownie (Lava cake), a la mode! It went excellent with coffee, especially since it was very sweet and thick (very rich). The BF was way to full to help me eat it, so sadly, a lot of it was left behind.     ATMOSPHERE: Loved, loved, loved the dark warm cozy feel! The antler chandeliers were a nice touch as well :)  PRICE: I would say expenisive, or at least the way I ate! But then again, I didn't get the chance to participate in HH. I suggest that if you plan to do the HH, you get there at 4 p.m. (when the RF opens and when HH starts)~date pear butter new mexico lamb lamb butternut burger cake coffee ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~tHTQYKHYGo4PHAgsn_ATDQ~I always thought this was the first Honey Bears on the scene. Turns out it is not. IT is still a great one though. I know it has been here for as long as I can remember. It is a cool place and not a bad location at all. It smells really good when you walk inside. They give you a lot of food for your order. No doubt about that. I had the Chicken,BBQ. I do not love Chicken. But, this was pretty good I have to say. We got some to go as well. The Cole Slaw was pretty tasty as well ,and seemed really fresh. I like the sause here,you can even get it to go. Meaning that you can buy bottles of it to take home. Parking is around the back and a little tight. But, I like anything that is old Phoenix and this is it!~honey chicken chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ttbJYRxn4AUkRs9LgKWPWA~I ate at Roaring Fork during a recent business trip to the Scottsdale area.  We were quite a large party - 10 people, but the service was very good.  We were all served promptly and the waiters were friendly and helpful.  I had the roasted chicken with cornbread stuffing which was very good - the flavor and crispy skin on the chicken was really nice and the stuffing was delicious.  Many of our group had the Big Ass Burger which looked really good, and everyone seemed to enjoy it as well.  If I was looking for a casual dinner in the Scottsdale area in the future, Roaring Fork would definitely be on my list.~chicken chicken burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~P7IBjOK_GuZtDTU6l-L6Og~I'm typically not a BBQ fan but after having a sample of Honey Bear's BBQ Chicken Sandwich at a street fair I'm now a believer.   The sauce has a warm and sweet taste and the pulled Chicken looks to be all white meat and quite tasty.  The only things that suck: the buns instantaneously decompose under the liquid BBQ sauce (making it a fork dinner rather than a sandwich) ... also they don't have Coke or Pepsi (only Dr. Pepper for the cola selection).~honey bbq chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~vEYifQ7XElY40SP3wLJZ9Q~Graze used to be a normal restaurant where if you happen to have allergies or food intolerance, you could work around their menu. For some reason, this has all changed and this review should serve as a warning for those with allergies or who have celiac sprue.   The first most annoying thing happens when you let your Graze waiter/waitress know that you have an allergy and/or celiac sprue. "How 'severe' is your allergy?" is almost always the response - as if they have been coached to ask this stupid question. I will like to point out here there are no degrees of severity when one has an allergy. An allergy is a an allergy. By letting your server know that you have an allergy or a food intolerance, it is an attempt to take good care of your health, and really, not an invitation to discuss the severity of an allergy. (And if I am going to take a chance and suffer the consequences of not following a restricted diet as I should be, that is my choice and my business and not theirs.)  Let's take another pause here. Why does one with allergies, et al, even eat out at all (or have the audacity to eat out, which might be your view, or more likely, Tory from Graze's)? Well, thanks for asking. As you can maybe understand, eating out creates a nice break from cooking at home. Cooking is a lot of work. It takes thinking, planning, shopping, manual labor, careful choosing of ingredients - and let's not forget the washing of pots and pans, and dishes afterwards. So, eating out every now and then is a very nice treat, and may even be inspirational for more cooking at home.  Back to my problem with eating at Graze, or any of the other restaurants of Tory Miller's. I have celiac sprue, which means I cannot eat anything with wheat, oats, barley, or rye. Eating any of these things will cause problems to my health. The only cure for celiac sprue is to not eat any of the things previously mentioned. In addition, I am allergic to nuts and peanuts - but we will talk about this a little later. Today, I went to Graze for brunch, not that I wanted brunch - but brunch is what it was to be. The only thing I could order on the menu was an egg scramble with a salad and potatoes, for $12. I really wanted the Chilaquiles - but I was informed that the corn chips aka tortillas are deep-fried together with the beignets. I mention to my waitress my allergy restrictions and then I order the egg scramble. Well, apparently, the potatoes are also deep-fried in the same oil as the beignets. I ask her if they can make the potatoes a different way - I don't need fancy. After all, if I can order hash browns at your less fancier restaurant than Graze - surely they can cook up something with your most simple food, a potato. Well, apparently, they cannot - even though they have a huge kitchen and are supposedly cooking food back there -  and they also cannot have a second and separate deep-frier for gluten-free foods - such as the corn tortillas, because really if one were to order gluten-free in a restaurant, ordering something with corn tortillas should be a no brainer - but seems to require brains at Graze (frying the corn tortillas with the beignets and the potatoes doesn't sound very tasty in my opinion, if you were to ask me). So, I ordered the egg scramble with an extra helping of the salad, which for $12 is not a sufficient substitute for the potatoes.  There really is nothing safe to eat on their menu if you have allergies - 95% of the menu has the potential to be contaminated in their wonderful kitchen in the back.   Oh yeah - and the peanuts and my allergy to them, along with so many other people who have peanut allergies. Apparently, Tory is thumbing his nose at people with allergies and has absolutely zero compassion or understanding for people who suffer from them. He has the audacity to fry his food at Sujeo in PEANUT OIL! Yes, folks, peanut oil.   Hey, Tory, you may think this is a new trend - as a restaurant, to not accommodate your customers however, it is not very alternative of you to blatantly have a complete lack of concern for people with disabilities (I am talking about allergies here, because at least for me, the consequences are disabling) as much as your mohawk is not alternative anymore.~wheat oats barley rye egg salad chilaquiles corn chips tortillas egg potato corn tortillas corn tortillas corn tortillas egg salad ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~VYfwRfa3UyaECVh1q-wuIQ~I'm feeling extra nice today, so Honey Bears gets 3 stars instead of 2.  We were really hungry after work and couldn't decide on a place, but since we drive down Central and see this place everyday, we figured now was as good a time as ever to give it a shot.  My first sight upon entering was a couple hookers sittin and eatin bbq.  I wasn't sure if that was a good sign or a bad sign, but they were definitely hookers.  Anyway, I stared up at the menu for about 30 seconds (it's pretty small) and decided on a regular bbq beef sandwich and a side of cole slaw.  For two sandwiches and two sides the total came to about 14 bucks.  Not bad!  They also have RC cola in their soda fountain, so that may tickle your fancy.  Not mine.  The food came out in a matter of 2 minutes and we unwrapped our foil covered sandwiches to find... not enough bbq sauce.  They charge extra.  LAME!  The meat was fine, but a little too dry for my taste.  It was pretty good when it had some of the sauce on it.  The cole slaw was okay, better than most places, except it was over peppered to me, but definitely still tasty.  I probably won't go back here, as nothing really stood out to me, but it was good enough for a 20 minute meal.~honey beef sandwich sandwiches sandwiches ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Ain4yditfkawvaHT5D_izA~Delicious food. The burger was enormous!  Also loved the braised beef and chili Mac and cheese.   Very nice atmosphere. The patio is lovely with 2 fire places and fully enclosed when necessary to keep it warm.    The service was also very good.  We'll be back.~burger beef mac and cheese ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~Xp6N_xZzMByuk1bboRlcUw~Que Bola Asere? This place is auethentic as they come. I learned the cooks are from Havana. The ropa vieja to me is the best in Las Vegas. There cuban sandwiches would be the best in Las Vegas if they didnt add mayo. The croquetas and maduros are very good. The prices are very reasonable and they have pretty good cafe.  I would of given this place a 5 but the mayo in a cuban sandwich is a SIN.  QUE ESTAS HACIENDO? COME!!!!~sandwiches sandwich ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~3uu6c4rJXpY5OK0wl_H5rA~If you need a cab or late-night Pakistani/Indian food, then head on down to King's Palace.  Their donut-shop-like neon sign acts like a beacon in the night on Church Street, here you can find over 44 combos (veggie dishes, boneless meat options, and other).  I couldn't decide on what kind of chicken I wanted, so I ordered: *Combo #33 - Three boneless chicken combo  ($11.99) (comes with two naan, salad, and pop) * Palak paneer ($7 bucks)  They heat up of all the food in the microwave.    The microwaving part doesn't bother me... but the heating food up in Styrofoam does.  I'll still eat here, don't get me wrong, I just pretend I don't see it.    When you get your food take-out, keep in mind that the order of chicken is half sauce, which leaks out of the container they give you.  As for the food...  The naan was a pleasant surprise! Even after I had walked home, it was still really hot. Crispy with little charred bits, chewy and soft on the inside, and gigantic.  The chicken was tender and soft and only one piece of boned chicken snuck in.  The meat is smothered in sauce and oodles of oil.  Butter chicken was decent...sweet, creamy, and very mild. The curry chicken wasn't particularly spicy, but not bad..  The Chicken Kasmiri was super flavourful, but I can't say it was my favourite of the three.  The palak paneer was very earthy and citrusy.  There weren't very many pieces of paneer. I think I will go for a lentil dish instead next time.  There's something about this place that keeps you coming back! Greasy, convenient, and cheap.~chicken chicken salad paneer chicken chicken chicken butter chicken chicken chicken paneer paneer ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~6nVUXqw3LDb1jGBNS1vyNw~I used to go to the location on EVB; been going to Honey Bear's since the early 90's...Love Honey Bears; it's great they are in Central PHX (closer to me now); I see they have Greens on the menu (but, they were out yesterday)...Will be back; for the Fried Chicken (on Wednesdays) & some Greens...Also, wish they had Fried Green Tomatoes...~honey honey greens fried chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~gFW2OvGHe3L9DoknIvgsKA~Came here looking for a quick bite since I needed to be somewhere fast and I ordered the combo with tornado fries and a meat lovers combo.  The fries is actually a potato that's been spiraled out and fried and it is delicious.  The cone itself is like a thin crunch crust pizza filled with pizza toppings and it was delicious.  Owner is really nice.  Highly recommend when you have a pizza craving.~fries fries potato ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rPshoySU7Xfafoi3S0KDfg~Nice place! Try the graze burger.  It's one of the best I've ever had!  They have some nice unique drinks too. They have a focus on using fresh local food from nearby farms. I will be back soon.~burger ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~VJl4iZJmykow3l6SUQEUQg~decent food resonable priced nd much more verity. chicken biryani is awesome. if u lyk spicy thing so then you go with chicken tikka massala .loved this place all the time~chicken biryani chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~HX-CWUE1Ejrf1ISYkoG0YQ~We have used several Groupons for this location and enjoyed it both times!  The first time we ordered two different meals and neither of us came close to finishing the whole meal.  The second time we learned and ordered the Rib and Chicken plate ~ 19 and shared it with plenty left over still Also on the second go around it was cool enough to sit outside and enjoy the view Traffic and people watching is great from the outside spot Overall A Not a bad deal if you grab a deal and want a night out ~chicken 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Vxs3pjcVGQWxNSil0fU-kg~Had Butter chicken with rice there yesterday. The food was not fresh. Extremely overpriced for the quality. They should probably cut the prices in half there, because the service/food is not worth it.~butter chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~i2c7NjRjQOMY9IE4Weodvw~Older crowd and older atmosphere.. Overall, it worked out fine.  The food was fine and the drinks were fine.  Ordered the big burger and yes it was big and filling for $10.  The place was crowded.  Service was fine.  Just older overall.~burger ~3 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~UcJqjXCHSOEdcxoKTf43nA~Came in for happy hour on a Friday after a less than pleasant workweek. Had the group therapy with the girls (we a loved it) and some appetizers;  coconut chicken tenders were perfectly cooked; and the hot wings. The wingers were a great size, spicy and real saucy paired with the chipotle dressing, perfect match. Erica was so great we stayed for dinner, had a few more friends join us and just had a great time. Erica did show us both sides the bliss (dinner where we were) & rebar (the very upbeat,fun bar). We'll defiantly be coming back for more happy hour/dinners.~appetizers coconut chicken ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~f9rsQJWd5URedMxzcVAz3g~Pro:  Excellent food!!  Good Service and a wide variety of options.  Absolutely Love their Butter Chicken.  Cons:   Once they mixed salt instead of sugar in the butter chicken i felt like i was going to puke, they replaced it with a new one and apologized :) Satisfied and happy.  Small Restaurant and chilly inside in the winter.~butter chicken butter chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3rAxPaBjSzIFxj-lWncp3A~This is one of the best buffets I've been to!  Why, the quality of the food was really good. For a $24 lunch, this was cheap.  International stations of food was of great taste.  Most meats were not dried up under heating lamps, seafood was tasty and moist.  Special recognition to the cured meats and cheese, lamb, asian station.  Too bad I had to drive back home otherwise I would've ordered some wine to go with the food.  It would be a great pairing.  Service was very attentive.  One thing, our party of 13 was broken into two tables away from each other, WTF???  The hostess should have done better to accomodate our group into one long table. We had to ask a waiter to at least but our groups closer together.  But, the food made up for it.  Desserts, very good with a diversity of small size treats so you can try the variety.  Coffee complimented the dessert perfectly.  At the end, all 13 of us were stuffed.  I'd come back to LV and make this a definite visit.  Even for dinner...or better, sunday champagne brunch!~cured meats cheese lamb desserts coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~xG-juVPvbZlugZE9Cap46w~This review is specific for the breakfast buffet.  For 20 dollars, you will get a variety of omelets, pancakes, fruits, french toast, desserts till your belly pops  Fresh squeeze OJ and coffee is also included.  Food was very fresh and of high quality. highly recommended!~pancakes french toast desserts coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n3Up8Kragku__PG8o4GnWQ~Went to Roaring Fork with some coworkers after one of those coworkers kept telling us "it's the best burger you'll ever have" and you know what, it was pretty darn close.  I've had a lot of burgers and this place has the "Big Ass Burger" and it was delicious. Cooked to perfection, all the toppings worked very well and the fries were great. Service was pretty good. The patio looked great, next time I will have to sit out there.  If you like burgers, you'll love the Big Ass Burger! Get it!~burger burgers burger fries burgers burger ~4 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~VmB6OWKb10tEy8o9EyNzYw~If you a Mac and Cheese lover then you'll love it here. A little out of the way from the Center of monkland but worth the extra few blocks down.  While we were sitting down and enjoying grilled cheese sandwich which I found not too greasy and a good portion. There was a take out order happening for a party. Great idea! And the Mac and cheese bowls are perfect. Also tried the tater tots.. Wow fantastic.. The potatoes and mashed with just enough cheese, fried to perfection. Don't pop the first one in you mouth! You might not burn yourself and not enjoy the rest :)~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~cPX0tpeMIRp6BZENokz9uA~Has Steve Wynn ate here recently?  I use to love this place and was one of the places to eat on every Vegas trip, but was disappointed this time around.  The waiter was asleep or did not care.  Brought 3 out of 7 of our drinks and placed them in the wrong place.  Brought my hot water but no tea bag.  Didn't come once to give us refills.  I guess that's what happens when gratuity is already paid for.  The Pad Thai was aweful.  Fish was dry.  It's not THAT bad.  They do have shrimp, delicious yogurt parfait, the usual great selection of desserts.  But with the long wait and ~ 40 person I d expect them to try their Pad Thai and dry fish before feeding it to us All of us felt unsatisfied Try Cosmopolitan s Wicked Spoon ~tea thai shrimp, desserts. thai 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4EPBKZhVY-VSGzSRKmbN6w~I love this place so much!  I have always had amazing service there! Last night, our server, Amy, was incredibly sweet!  I love huckleberry so much and you can't find it anywhere else in this state! Their huckleberry bread pudding is AMAZING! So are the huckleberry lemon drops and huckleberry margaritas! I have had the salmon, the bacon wrapped pork tenderloins with grits and the half chicken with cornbread stuffing, all delicous! The chili mac and cheese is awesome! This is definately my favorite place to go when. I can!! I reccomend it to all my clients :) I definately reccomend making reservations if you want to go!!~lemon salmon bacon pork grits chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BmfzK0rTN0TTNgbnj0pMQw~Food was good, but not great.  Service was fantastic, but atmosphere was only so-so.  Get the Mac and cheese~mac and cheese ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~3plDIdHqEzqkmeAxByVT4Q~Yum, yum, yum!! This is such a great little spot, plus it's walking distance from my house (incentive to drink more wine I think)! These guys know what they are doing and I am so happy to see the owners have more success after Portlands closed.   The menu has a nice selection of options, with flat breads taking up a good chunk of it. I've had many of them, most recently The Earl. Dang, that was one spicy flat bread but totally delicious. Their Ashland salad is quite yummy (you can't go wrong with bacon) and I also really like to get their roasted veggies too. The burrata is also delicious, I just wish there was more it to devour. I've also heard good things about the lasagna and green chile pork.   They also have a nice selection of wines and beers with the waiters all being pretty knowledgeable in guiding you to a good glass. The food is always out quick, servers always friendly, plus the decor is just adorable. I love the bathrooms (weird to say but check them out and you'll agree :D).~breads salad bacon lasagna pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NVapHNesJGOrquh22ZTVzg~Decided to eat breakfast at the Wynn after my husband raved about the tomatoes he'd eaten here a few years ago...and insisted we go!!  Can't say I was completely amazed by the food here, although, I will admit that we walked into into the buffet about a 1/2 hour before they changed everything over for lunch.  The breakfast we had, was good...but to be honest, a little more expensive then what I would have expected to pay. Ate at Paris the day before and their buffet was enormous! This was not even 1/2 the size of that!  What about the quality of the food?  Was good. But nothing to write home about. Although, they did have an excellent tomato and mozzarella gazpacho, the smoked trout was delicious and the tomatoes were amazing...liked my husband promised...although, they were out of them quick!  The remainder of food on the breakfast menu, was normal fare, and average tasting. Waffles, omelet station, quince, bacon, sausage and a few other offerings tossed in here and there.  They were busy, so the waitstaff was a bit slow. Although, their coffee was pretty good and the juice was fresh.  Decided I was going to ask one of the workers behind the food station about what they put on the tomatoes the next time I went up, and did. The lady got super snotty with me - why?! Because they moved the tomatoes and she was talking to someone else. Luckily one of the other servers seen how she treated my question and apologized, telling me what type of tomatoes and what was on them.   Can't say I really recommend this buffet for breakfast. Average at best. My mother in law picked at her food, and was comparing notes with our neighbors at the table beside us about how the Flamingo has the best. Wouldn't mind checking it out for lunch...but even then...may be hitting up Paris instead!!~tomato mozzarella gazpacho smoked trout quince bacon sausage coffee ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZAb5njnhYBaiIeefyyRARg~this is always a great place to eat either late night or when pressed for time. I always found the non-vegetarian food to be consistently well made with the right amount of spice. vegetarians might not like this restaurant as much, i find that the veggie dishes are hit or miss. The naan is quite good , made the traditional way (no eggs / yeast) menu recommendations: butter chicken, rogan josh, chicken kashmiri, brain masala (unfortunately only on weekends)  I usually end up paying around 13$ with naan and drink.~butter chicken chicken ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~cuhtu-cBMObQ67G11Karlg~The BBQ sauce is addicting.  Chicken and pork were both prepared well.   Beer was nice and cold, and they had more options than just the typical bud or coors.  Sweet potato fries, which they had forgotten at first, were also very good.  Corn on the cob was bad:  stale and kinda mushy.  It was either boiled for a couple days or has spent way too much time in a steamer to keep it warm.  I love corn on the cob, and this is the only time that I can recall that I didn't eat it.  +5 stars for the BBQ sauce and the overall meal.  -1 star for the corn on the cob.~chicken pork sweet potato ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~HujyZCVEaJdGW01h7XQPxw~Bought a groupon for this place.  $10 for $20 worth of food.  Went on a Saturday morning and it wasn't too busy.  I ordered the half rack of ribs ($13.99) which came with six rib bones and two sides (I got sweet potato fries and coleslaw).  The ribs were tender and the fries were delicious.  The coleslaw, eaten by my fiance, was just okay.  He got the pulled pork sandwich ($5.99) and enjoyed it.  It was messy but good he said.  We shared a drink and wound up only having an additional $4 and change to pay on our bill.  This was a yummy lunch and the groupon made it even more awesome.  Worth a visit!~ribs sweet potato ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~nxTxkaqdUM3oQW7qkd2g6Q~Finally got to try Graze after a very long period of anticipation. Everyone kept telling me about them and they look quite inviting from the Capitol Square when you're walking by at the Farmer's Market.  Well they did not disappoint.  My wife and I had a wonderful date night out here on a Thursday night.  No wait, got a booth, relaxed social atmosphere, excellent food.  She had the Pub burger while I went with the Graze burger.  I was a little sticker shocked at the $21 price tag compared to her more down-to-earth one, but oooh-weee was it good.  Ribs, Sirloin, Bacon, Onions, Butter, and Brioche?  Yes Please!  And the fries were equally tasty, quite possibly some of the best in Madison.  They had a fantastic balance of being slightly soggy/greasy while still being crispy and overall scrumptious.  We also ordered the famous cheese curds and they were a must have too.  Trading bites with her, I liked the Pub burger as well.  I think you could make this a reasonable place to eat on a regular basis downtown if you don't go H.A.M. on the wine and signature item like we did.  I mean, they have a killer bread basket, and that alone gets A+ status in my book.  Service was friendly, but a little bit of going through the motions.  I felt a little out of place there as our server wasn't too talkative, but with the combo of great food, a good price, and everyone around you talking/laughing/enjoying themselves, it's definitely a place to be.  I will be returning soon and am eager to sample their interesting and expansive cuisine.  And I woulda snapped a pic of the food, but I remembered as I was mid-bite with that giant sandwich of the gods.  Peace be with you, lovely burger.~date burger burger ribs bacon butter fries cheese burger sandwich burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~DwDLpSAcx3FrPrmWPhiZvQ~I'd say 3 stars is pretty accurate. The 1/4 chicken and Mac n Cheese I had were decent.  Its average food.  The cashier needs to be nicer to customers. Overall, its alright, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.~chicken cheese ~3 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~qSR_afPr-D5qgPXLolBL6Q~Reliable, fresh and tasy. The corn bread muffins on the salad bar are a treat.~corn bread salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NsrJ_S60auNEpEKIIJh7YQ~Decided to eat here for breakfast before we made our way back to Los Angeles.   EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!  Never going to eat here again and never going to recommend anyone I know to eat here.   Initially, the price you pay ($47.00 for 2) didn't seem too bad. You expect it to be that price. It's a buffet right? When you take your first lap around the buffet you'll notice how dismal the selections are. There's breakfast cereal... BREAKFAST CEREAL!!! I just paid $23 to have fruit loops?!? Then that's when you realize the price is ridiculous.   If you continue on you'll notice each station has some sort of an egg dish. Lobster frittata, scrambled eggs, egg white only, eggs benedict, and then an omelet station?!? Who can eat so many eggs and how lazy do you have to be that you can't come up with any other dish other than plain egg whites?!?  After bypassing the numerous egg dishes and the prepared cereal bowls of frosted flakes and fruit loops, I went looking for the lox and bagels. I find the station and a line of people thinking that maybe the lox are really good. I remember them being pretty good so I make my way over to the line. I get to the line only to find that people are waiting for the staff to put more lox out. The woman in front of me says that she's been back and forth from her table several times hoping that they had replaced the lox. She went on to say she's been waiting for at least 40 minutes. 40 MINUTES!!! We ask the man behind the glass to put more out and all he says is "more coming." Yes we know, but WHEN?!?  This is where I decided to tell my wife to finish her plate and to stop eating because we were going to wait 45 minutes at our table drinking only our coffee and juice and drive off to go have breakfast elsewhere.  Seriously people... DO NOT EAT HERE!!!~egg egg white eggs benedict egg egg coffee ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZK0b98ss9S1qTFMwrGf3Yg~Highly recommended! Nice environment, great food. I got their burger and it was awwwwsome! It is so well cooked and juicy and not feeling oily as another burgers! Could be my favorite burger in Madison :)~burger burgers burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~r_ur5ykvAUUVspWgPqvTqg~Anyone looking for a good Southwestern style meal with a Mexican flare, this is the place to come. The food was excellent as was the service. We started with the green chile mac and cheese, which was very good. But the outstanding dish was the pork tenderloin. It was delicious and probably the best pork tenderloin I've ever had. It was paired with corn and grits and the combination was outstanding. They also served a little dish with pork carnitas as a complementary pre-appetizer. That was equally outstanding and we will definitely be back to try their pork carnitas entree.~mac and cheese ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~fuktvbj54Sq8OUmUmKrw_Q~Made a visit to LW's about a half hour before closing on a Friday. No problem getting quickly seated and served, but it kind of bums you out when you're informed it's your last chance to get a drink before your entree has even arrived. They have to figure a better way to operate so that late arriving customers aren't shortchanged on the experience and offerings. Perhaps have drinks available for seated guests only? Keep the bar open an hour later? I don't know, but figure something out. Aside from that, the place was decent. I went with a Caesar salad and the hot pepper encrusted tuna. Both were fresh and tasty, and portions appropriate. The prices were just a tad high but despite all of this, I think I'd give them another shot when in town.~salad tuna ~3 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~9kzgMrF0jsZZxfM7-o5Fkg~I love Sweet Tomatoes.  Where else can you delude yourself you are eating "just a salad"  but as you prepare your healthy greenery and feel smug as you sit down the wafting aroma of baked goods and pizza hit you.  So then you add your weight in muffins and real butter but hey - it's just a salad right?  The salad is terrific.  A wonderful selection of greens and veggies that are always fresh and the area clean.  No easy task.  It is a little pricey when you consider it's just a salad but hey - someone else cut it up and has it ready for you to heap on your plate(s).  That makes it worthwhile enough.  Live the fat-free honey mustard dressing.  Then there are freshly baked blueberry muffins - did I mention that? They are heaven on a plate especially when slathered in Land O'Lakes butter.  But hey - it's just a salad.~salad butter salad salad greens salad honey butter salad ~4 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~bMiJ_E89GTabLUS7H-AGhA~nommmmmmmm. Frozen yogurt from yogurtland is THE best! Be sure to sign up for the rewards card!!~frozen yogurt ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Pul-UkTY4FLoHe-e-4AwsQ~Gorgeous venue! Wonderful, beautiful floral display!. Husband and I really took the time to enjoy our food and admire the pretty dishes. Our favorite was the dessert section. So many cute, pretty dessert plates ... paired with yummy coffeee!! I wanted to eat everything!!! Hubs kept getting green tea everything. Definitely worth it .. for the experience and the food;) ** tip, get there early if you don't want to wait in a long line . we went before 8 AM :P~tea ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fuQRBbojMNUuNB3wgWEVTw~Mac and cheese was amazing, and all of the employees were very very helpful and attentive!!!~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~IU4rTuSaq1j8RwAdaDtReg~Last night, while discussing dinner, my friend suggested burgers or Asian... And I recalled that Roaring Fork is said to do a good burger, and since it is down the street from the theater, we decided to check it out.  My first impression was that it is very classy.  When taking our order, the server mentioned that she had one order left of a special thick-cut pork chop, which *almost* derailed my plan to try out the Big Ass Burger.  But I stayed strong, and ordered the burger (medium rare, of course).  Along with that, I got the Weinhard root beer (they could do better than Weinhard, but at least they have something in a bottle).  The bread they brought out to the table for us to munch on was superb.  Especially the corn bread.  Someone also randomly brought us an amuse-bouche: it was seared halibut marinated in something and placed on a small piece of toast.  Bringing me small tastes of delicious food I didn't even ask for is the perfect way to win me over!  While waiting for our burgers, I observed the artwork on the wall in front of me - it was a watercolor print of a cowboy's lower legs, wearing boots with an Arizona flag on the leg.  This had to be a Nelson Boren painting, and sure enough, there was his signature in the corner (the piece was "July In Arizona").  It's nice sitting down at a restaurant and seeing artwork by someone with whom you once played tennis years ago.  The burgers themselves were excellent - perfectly cooked, topped with delicious chilis and bacon.  The fries were decent, and the chipotle mayo (or whatever that sauce is) works perfectly.  As far as the burger's name, "Big Ass" certainly does a swell job describing its size.  It was a good burger, although if you order it more cooked than medium, I could see the meat becoming very dry.  I was impressed with the place - both the food and the decor was excellent.  Next time, I won't be afraid to let a thick, juicy pork chop derail me.~burgers burger pork burger burger corn bread burgers burgers bacon fries burger burger pork ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~Oj_a93hrwaPiCPAow35dHw~I have been going to this location for years. Staff is friendly, they make sure my orders meet my nutrition request, and the food is delicious. Love the salad bar. Kept fully stocked, fresh, and they have great variety to mix things up.~salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_UnXOcJDJGXtPWLGxM_9nw~This place was originally recommended to us by a local, although it took us several years to actually make it there.  We should not have waited!!!  We went on a Tuesday night at 7:15, and it was a good thing we had made reservations via Open Table, because it was busy.  It completely lived up to every bit of the rave reviews.  The restaurant is in an odd location on the ground floor of an office building relatively close to the Fashion Square Mall.  Inside, the space is warm, cozy and comfortable.  The service was attentive and the prices were really, seriously reasonable for the quality of the food and the portion size.  We shared one of the salads and enjoyed the complimentary basket of miniature cornbread muffins and bread rolls.  I had the special of the evening, cioppino (a fantastic fish stew), and it was incredible.  My husband loved his double cut glazed pork chop.  The entrees come with a small amount of garnish but there is a list of separate sides you can get.  Be aware that if you can't make up your mind, they can do half portions of multiple sides for a very reasonable price!!!!  The green chile mac and cheese lived up to the hype and the Mexican street corn side was also great.  Enjoyed huckleberry cheesecake and pecan pie with ice cream for dessert.  One of the best meals I have had in this city, and would not hesitate to go back or to recommend to our local friends (which I have already done)!!!~salads pork mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~f3-mNqe8RoVptpt9WAEJqA~I'm not sure what all the buzz is about Graze. The service was fine but I found the menu uninspiring.  There were six of us our table. so a variety of dishes were ordered.    We started with a cheese plate. The selections were decent enough and tasty, but I thought the servings were a bit on the small side. If you are from the greater Madison area, all the cheese selections we ordered were easily found at a decent market or grocery store.  I ordered the Chicken and Waffle. It was said to be something of a signature dish at Graze. The chicken was bland and and  not at all tender. The waffle cold,  essentially flavorless and flat. The waffle was cold enough that the savory butter on the waffle refused to melt at all. The quintessential Chicken and Waffle dish should have a plump, yet crispy savory couple of pieces of chicken atop a crisp thick, slightly sweet waffle.   A couple of people ordered the Mac & Cheese... a bit pricey for the size of the dish... the serving looked more like a side dish. This said, those that ordered it said it was very rich and satisfying.  Another in our party ordered the Bip Bop. It looked pretty good and yet another ordered the Market Grilled Steak. It looked decent. I think the star and most memorable aspect of the of the night was the Sticky Pudding. This was really good, very rich, and I dare say sticky.   I just expected more from Graze... if I am going to pay a premium for comfort food, it should wow me... I should be contemplating what I am going to order on my next visit.  I could have ordered a burger... but I'm pretty particular about my burgers... The $12 burger seemed pretty standard for the price tag... The $21 burger looked intriguing, but not $21 intriguing. It may be the Capitol Square, but it's not Michigan Avenue.  Would I go back - I doubt it...~cheese cheese chicken waffle chicken waffle waffle butter waffle chicken waffle chicken waffle cheese steak burger burgers burger burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~9jRKkqorL3Crso2FDsOJ1w~Graze is one of my favorite restaurants in town. In my opinion, they have the best fries in town, and their deviled eggs are to die for! I've never had a dinner I didn't like at Graze! I am not crazy about their very limited brunch menu though, which is why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5.~fries ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KfH2VMf4Jf5qNuNw8JzTNg~I like green chile. I like mac and cheese. So, clearly I'm ordering green chile mac and cheese. And luckily I'm enjoying it immensely thanks to Roaring Fork. Other foods I tried included the white bean soup (made with a pork base which made it pretty much delicious) and shrimp and grits. Were these any old grits you ask? Funny you ask because no is the answer. They were corn grits, which sounds odd and is mighty tasty.  The atmosphere here is warm and cabin-y. It seems like a great place to scoot in close to your date and get involved in a romantic dinner. Equally, I saw a few ladies groups there toasting each other with glasses of wine and sharing appetizers. It's one of those places that most groups don't feel out of place in.  Overall, I'd say this is a bit of an upscale place, but not so fancy that you have to save it for special occasions. Unless, you're like me and treat everyday like a special occasion. ;-)~mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TscHx7TEIPCOeI2ydrYeSQ~The happy hour here is wonderful and it is all day/night during the summer.  The big ass burger is properly named and the drinks were strong. The only drawback is so many people are aware of the awesomeness of the place that it was jam packed. Every time I had been here I am amazed at the diversity of the patrons. From 21 - 90, every age range is represented.   Insider tip - Don't bring a bassinet and give sour faces to people next to you in a crowded bar. Yea lady, you know who you are.~burger ~5 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~vra8wx1OQ6E7UDiFbc3U7w~Great yogurt place!  They have a huge selection of yogurt and toppings. I had the cake batter yogurt and the chocolate milkshake yogurt. Both were delicious. The place is kept very clean, too.~cake milkshake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tAvuAcnHIKP8JyjeC2jh6Q~Oh my this place is to die for. Totally worth the wait. If there is one restaurant one must try in Madison, this is it.   For appetizer, I had the fresh oysters. Love the Maine oysters they had. There were so fresh and yummy.   The chicken and waffle is unbelievable. The chicken is so crunchy and moist yet it is not oily.   Can't wait to get back there again to try the rest of the menu.~chicken waffle chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3ck7bzqiHHwgiI8DAo009g~This place went WAY downhill the past couple years.  (This review is for Dinner only)   I went a few times in the year or so after they opened, and was very impressed. They had rack of lamb, and better desserts.   The lamb chops were the highlight. They were seasoned very well, and were above average quality. They since removed them. last 2 times I was there, for dinner.  The last visit was about 3 months ago.  The last 2 visits were a huge disappointment..  The bread was stale, the meat was dry, and tough. Inedible for my party.. in fact one in my party couldn't find ANYTHING she could eat.  Everything was bad.    The only thing I liked was the ice cream. It was hand scooped if I remember right.  All the baked goods were stale, and the cakes/pies were low quality. The creme brulee was watered down.   The candy apple was HARD as a ROCK!! I couldn't bite into it. I bet someone will break a tooth with that thing.  Did I mention the breads were STALE??  The quality of the food they were offering was worth about $18. Not the $~46 they were charging We complained to management and they didn t want to hear it They were rude Refills were slow We complained to hotel management and wrote a letter About 6 weeks later all we get is a form letter saying they will talk to the buffet managers about it We will try the buffet at the Encore if they have one because in Vegas the plan seems to be to start off high end and get lots of hype then cut costs big time The Wynn cut costs big time alright and we notice We now go to the Paris if we want a buffet The crepes are to DIE for and the Paris has the best chocolate ~lamb, desserts. lamb ice cream. apple breads 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~iCqm0iMCs-bElNZwsvy7LQ~Late night food run.  Unexpectedly a vast variety of dishes to choose from.    I simply asked for the spiciest dish of all and they sure delivered!    The Chicken Tikka Masala was good enough to take home and even eat the next day.  Reheated again, mind you.    Still yummy.~chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~XsXuGTuyNwkLADp7kQ8RRw~One of the best buffet ..I could end the sentence with I ever had, or in Vegas or... I liked almost everything. I liked prosiutto, red olives, salami, oatmeal, pork bun, cheviches, even sushis were good.  I paid over $30 person, that's quite expensive but it was well spent. By the way coffee was ok.~salami pork coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~LEQSalCKf-z_SRbw4AolsQ~Graze is one of the most acclaimed restaurants in Madison, with very good reason. It's the less formal (and less expensive) sister restaurant of L'Etoile, which is right next door, and just steps from the Capitol. Graze (so named for the farming aspect as well as what the menu inspires guests to do) is less formal, but just as much creativity and attention to detail go into everything on the menu. It's the kind of place you'd go just for drinks or food, and stay for the other. During a recent thirty-six hour stay in Madison, we went twice; once for early-evening cocktails and snacks, the other for a mid-afternoon nosh. It was close to our hotel, but proximity aside, we went back because we just enjoyed it that much.  I can't say enough good things about the fantastic food and terrific cocktails. Over the course of two visits we were able to sample quite a bit of the menu and there wasn't anything we didn't love. On the evening visit we tried Sassy Cow cheese curds with a vodka batter; deviled eggs, house-made pickles (beets, cucumbers, escabeche, daikon, kimchee), truffled popcorn, frites with garlic aioli, and fresh oysters with just-grated horseradish. Everything was eminently enjoyable. My cocktail of choice was the 'Herb 'n Cruise,' a tasty concoction of New Amsterdam gin, Lillet, basil simple syrup and lemon. It was so smooth and drinkable. Later on I switched to a non-alcoholic seasonal lemonade and this week's flavor was blueberry-rhubarb. So fruity and refreshing!  On the second visit, they were still serving their brunch menu so we just shared a lox and bagel plate (and more of that delicious lemonade!) and that too was top-notch. The bagel was an "everything," the cream cheese was flecked with bits of fresh lemon zest and dill, and the lox was in the shape of a rosette. On the side was a tiny dish of capers and red onion. It was a lovely presentation and tasted as good as it looked.  The servers here are some friendly folk and took great care of us on both visits. The menu changes seasonally and it goes without saying that all the ingredients are locally sourced.  Graze is now on our "must-visit" list for frequent trips to Madison.~cheese pickles popcorn garlic horseradish lemon rhubarb cream cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~p-8RChLBzyl6cisygAhvHQ~Disclaimer: I only went to the happy hour.  I live across Roaring Fork and have meaning to come here for a while now. I came with a couple of friends and was able to try a few options on the menu. The first thing I would say is that they don't skimp on happy hour foods. The portions are large and we were all definitely full when we left (and tipsy, but I'll talk more about that later).  Food we got: 1- Guac: Eh. Honestly, I've had better. For $7, it was a little expensive and not very worth it. I wouldn't recommend getting this.  2- Green Chili Pork: The pork was really tender and the flavors were pretty good. I wouldn't go back just for this, but if I were to go back, I would order it again. They give a really large amount of this and the jalepeno that came with it was just the right amount of spicy :) 3- Tortilla Soup: Another mediocre dish. However, it was exactly like what they described (with the rotisserie chicken, avocado and tortilla strips) so I guess there isn't anything to complain about. 4- Burger: This was good. From the reviews, I expected something amazing. However, it is great for the price and definitely filling. It was HUGE and the fries that came with it were also pretty good.  Drinks: Huckleberry Frozen Margarita: This was SO strong. I drank about 1/3 of my drink and gave up. I really appreciate the fact that they give you so much alcohol, but I really did not need that much.  Citrus Mojita: Eh. Not great. It wasn't citrus-y enough for me, but that may be just personal preference.   Overall, it was fine but I do want to try it for regular dinner one night because I have had friends give Roading Fork raving reviews.~pork pork soup chicken avocado burger fries ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~PP03aGQa8SIwTKMcg-xGVw~Not everyday I get thw chance eat lunch with a bear and moose elk head!   I came in for lunch around 11:45.   We were promptly seated up stairs.  The room had killer blue lights and had kind of a night clubby feel.   We got dine with stuffed bear and moose/ elk head! Totally made my after noon.  I ordered the crab cake sandwich (my lunch goto)  But id also love to seafood pasta or shrimp po' both lookes pretty tasty also.~crab cake ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~1QlFw1WYyN44d3zN6qG88A~Defiantly my favorite place for brunch! Some of the highlights include... The beignets, these pillows of love are comparable to those found in New Orleans French Quarter so I've been told. Another notable appetizer is the Sassy Cow cheese curds. A food that we've all had before but done with the finest Wisconsin cheese and battered in a light house made breading, these will be gone in a heart beat. For an entree I would recommend the chicken and waffles which gets some extra pizzaz from the local maple syrup and the seasonal fruit from the farmers market across the street. If you're looking for a hardy breakfast sandwich look no further than the loaded breakfast sandwich. It combines all elements of a wake me up breakfast with bacon, ham, 2 kinds of local cheese, spinach and topped off with a runny egg. Perfection between two pieces of bread.  I could say more but why when you can go and sample some of the amazing eats(all made with local ingredients) for yourself, it's sure to be a great start to your Sunday.~cheese cheese chicken and waffles sandwich sandwich bacon cheese spinach egg ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~q7yFBQHTTpEcgd_ppEzBag~I spent most of my meals over the New Years Weekend eating at Elements. I was super excited since Chef Beau MacMillan is executive chef here. Since I got to try so many things on their menu, I'll go in depth for the things I tried.  First, I do have to start off with the fact that staff is amazingggggggggg here. They are so dedicated to keeping you satisfied and full. Ross in particular was quite memorable and friendly! For example, the in restaurant menu that we were given was quite concise compared to options listed for in room dining, but Ross was more than willing to try putting in orders that were off the available menu. Even better, he (and the kitchen staff) delivered! Also had some food and drinks by the pool side and it was still absolutely wonderful.  The best thing here are by far the buttermilk pancakes. I've had them for two breakfasts in a row and oh my goodness they totally melt in your mouth. My FIL was able to customize them with blueberries in them as well. The maple syrup is true sweet maple syrup (as expected from a restaurant of the caliber), but that combined with the butter made the pancakes super decadent. Definitely a must try.  The next best thing I got to try was the Korean BBQ Chicken Quesadilla with Sriracha Sauce that my fiance ordered poolside. The tortilla for the quesadilla is just crisp enough but has a nice bitey texture and its packed full with chicken with the heat from the sauce. It didn't really remind me of Korean food, but it definitely didn't taste tex-mex either (which is a huge plus because I'm not particularly fond of those flavors).  I had the Jade Burger and Fries. The Jade Burger is kind of heavy, meaty, and good but not particularly memorable to other items on the menu, but its probably the best burger option you get here. The fries, however, were definitely something I kept craving! Thick steak cut fries with a nice outer crunch, but potato-y inside. There was also a kick of heat to them, but I loveeee seasoned fries!  I actually ordered a plate of fries for a dinner via in room dining, and it was the best part of dinner. My fiance had the truffle mac & cheese. The truffle was fragrant and pretty much made the dish. The pasta was cooked well and the cheese crisp was salty goodness. My own meyer lemon & ricotta gnocchi was good too, but the portion was disappointingly small (five pieces of gnocchi, which was delicious otherwise), with more sauce and garnishes than I particularly cared for. I expected more lemony flavor within the gnocchi itself, but it was only really present in the form of dried lemon garnished among the sauce. Meh.  For one of my lunches, I had the Hawaiian Breakfast, and thank god I ordered it for lunch and not breakfast. I'm Asian and that's definitely NOT a breakfast dish. First of all, I was really anticipating the char siu pork! Although I did see some pieces of legit char siu pork, a lot of the other pieces looked and tasted like char siu bbq'd pepperoni stick slices. I was very confused. There was a lottttt of jalapeno honey & soy sauce that went into the rice and while it was tasty, it was also quite salty. I think I was also expecting more heat between the jalapeno honey and sriracha, but it didn't have any of the kick I was hoping for. However, breaking open the sunny side up eggs and mixing it with the rice really did bring the Hawaiian Breakfast aspect back into the picture.   Shrimp & Pork Potstickers are delicious. They're steamed, not fried, so i felt less guilty about eating them. The dumpling skins were cooked nicely, and the stuffing was very flavorful (more shrimp than pork flavor!) The miso butter sauce was a curious choice because it made the dumplings feel greasy. Most Asians seem to eat their dumplings with soy sauce (some with sriracha, others with wasabi), and I found myself wishing for soy sauce to dunk these otherwise bad-boys into.   Last but not least, my SIL & I were given complimentary cinnamon rolls with cream cheese frosting, and oh my goodness they were sooooooo good. They were soooo soft, and the frosting was sweet and creamy but not overpoweringly so. Thanks Elements!  If you're poolside, the strawberry creamsicle is a must. It's pretty much strawberry ice cream shake with vodka. The bestttttt creamy cocktail you'll have here.  tl;dr Service is awesomely accommodating, and food is generally good. Favorites were the Korean BBQ Quesadilla and the Buttermilk Pancakes. Asian inspired choices are a bit hit or miss.~pancakes butter pancakes bbq chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6U80y-S9fV5JbAkE6a4UKA~Enjoyed the roaring fork so much !  I would suggest better signage for out of towners but that is the only thing I can suggest.   The  green chili pork with fresh tortillas was fabulous .  The pork wings were pretty good but could have been more tender .  The big ass burger was enjoyed by my husband and son and I really enjoyed the fish tacos .  Great service and the ambiance on the patio was just the best !   Enjoy this place ... Too bad I don't live in Scottsdale as I would be a regular !~pork tortillas pork burger tacos ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MqN1KjP4LcUU1T2bgwAhzQ~My husband and I had brunch at Graze this morning. The place sort of feels like an Apple store, but I'm glad we ignored that and went anyways. We shared cheese curds, the bibimbap burrito, and the fried chicken and waffles. It was all fantastic, as was my cappuccino and the Pample Mouse Aperol cocktail. Seriously amazing. I can't wait to visit Madison again so I can get that bibimbap burrito.~apple cheese burrito fried chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~p0CfLftnLm05uUos2QAw8A~The chicken is good.  The sauce is great.  The sides are fine. The place is an uncharming bit of a dive.~chicken ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~QPxqF3sw1DRhLtUKQtjSZQ~Imagine my delight , followed by absolute panic when I saw that Prairie Girl Bakery had set up shop in the PATH at FCP!  I LOVE me some cupcakes!  They are my Achilles' heal.  However, having just returned from a long vacation in Europe and looking down the pipe at the upcoming Holiday Season and the non-stop eating that comes with, I felt my spirits sinking.  How will I ever keep the pounds off and still fit into my skinny jeans if I have to walk by this place EVERYDAY.  Let's face it, their cupcakes are freakin' delicious!  Red velvet, vanilla, chocolate...all of my favourites and topped with cream cheese icing - really?  Why are you doing this to me!?  AND they even a banana cupcake with peanut butter icing.  I am doomed!~cupcakes cupcakes cream cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~WPSA82Dkkelw4Ti0Mh3aBA~What's there to offer those of us who don't want 6 month old frozen crab legs?  What happened to this place?! At $45/person, I wouldn't say the food was much better than the Golden Corral, albeit slightly better selection! It's been about 2yrs since I last visited, and boy has this place gone downhill!  The tuna/seawood dish comes in a little sauce dish, and there were only 4 little pieces of tuna, smaller than the sugar cubes you would drop in your coffee. I got sick from eating the raw oysters. The fish was dry because it has been sitting too long. They don't rotate the fried chicken, so it's the same few pieces sitting there for an hour. The pizza was depressing. and the ice cream wasn't very creamy at all. Plus the veggies were limp.  The marinated rib eye was pretty good. The creme brulee was pretty good, as was the choco chip cookie, but for what I paid, I don't see the value. Very disappointed, because this place was supposed to offer a premium product, being associated with the Wynn name and all. Maybe this was why there was 0 wait time when I got here Friday night at 6pm? And to think at one time, this was one of my fave buffets of all time. Sad...~tuna tuna coffee fried chicken ~1 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~bPMzK92xWU4wKHwXSsaS-Q~I frequently go to this location and love the experience here. The staff now knows my name and they are very friendly. The salad options are endless and they also have great cornbread. I love the variety in the soups as well.~salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wrDp4CF_mcZvtGDnJhJ4mQ~In baseball turns, it's a swing and a foul tip on a full count.  Yes, it was Chinese New Year this weekend for a lot of revelers who came upon this grand city to celebrate the Year of the Ox.  Although we hope to be prosperous this year, it is wise to choose another way of blowing $45 plus on another buffet.  Service was really hit or miss here.  Sheesh!  My auntie only needed a cup of tea.  And it took 25 minutes?!  It was busy, but the bussers and servers should know by now to handle the throngs for Saturday night buffet.  The sushi was kept there a little longer than expected.  And the line for some shrimp and king crab were as long as the lines of entry for Alcatraz.  The quail was not to die for, and the pork was a bit disappointing.  Desserts were a pleasant surprise and the coffee ice cream was quite delicious.  My buddy liked the creme brulee and it was pretty fresh.  Nice try, Wynn Buffet!  I'll hunt for another place to buffet.  To buffet is human, to dine, divine.  Somewhere else, that is.~tea sushi shrimp pork desserts coffee ice cream ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~dhWCDo2gLe43DEYqcLv5cg~After hearing that the chef was a iron chef champ I wondered where the chef was when our dishes came. Good but nothing special to me. I'm Japanese so I expected a little more asian flair to the dishes too. Using Udon noodles under salmon doesn't quite do it. Calamari was greasy like something from coney island. very nice romantic booths with a view of the mountains at sunset but it wasn't as spectacular like maybe a view of the sunset off the kaanapali coast. Nothing like that. Waiter was nice, service was good. Restaurant remembered that we had a birthday party person which was the best. I enjoyed my lunch at NoRTH 200 percent better than dinner here but the atmosphere and seating was better here. Don't like how the bar lounge seating is right behind the romantic booths. Kind of defeats the intimacy of dining.~salmon ~3 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~Xg7TyAvTibItNmSuJz-dSQ~Being that I grew up in Panama I welcome any place that serves hispanic food. I have been to a couple places like the Cuba cafe and Florida cafe which are ok, was hoping this would knock those places out of the water based on the reviews.  Started off with the tostones cups with ropa vieja.  Good, but not as phenomenal as I had my hopes on.  I ordered the Veradera special seafood paella.  Worst mistake ever!!!  Should have stuck to my gut and gotten a sandwich, or something else.  But I LOVE seafood and I enjoy paella very much.  Well, for a $20 dish the majority of the seafood was EXTREMELY tough.  Had to spit out majority.  Mostly the calamari and octopus.  Fresh seafood should never be like that.  It had 2 shrimp, one scallop that  was good and 2 very slimy imitation crab pieces.  Oh, and a sad skimpy crab claw that had no meat in it.  Was so disappointed.  I also asked that I have tostones instead of sweet plantains as a side.  They charged extra and the were not thin and a little crispy like they are suppose to be.  Quite thick and soft.    My boyfriend had the oxtail and said it was really nothing special.  A lot of bones and not much meat.  I wish I could bring myself to give this place another chance but I don't think I'll be able to.~paella sandwich paella shrimp ~1 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~ainSP-UN8ZNLasJUkj_rUw~Came here of my Birthday dinner with my girlfriend. I haven't been here since probably they opened way back in the day. It is one of my girlfriends favorite places and after the first place we were going to go to was full of obnoxious drunk people I decided we should come over here after hearing her talk about it. It turned out to be a great decision. There was a 20 minute wait when we arrived but that was not a big deal and not to bad for a Saturday night at a place at a mall. We put in our name and we were given a buzzer so we waited. The hostess even used my name when we came back in when the buzzer went off. Not a big deal but a nice touch. Most places ask for a name and never use it. The place was pretty busy but still not too loud. We got a nice booth and started to look over the menu. They had a lot of stuff that looked good. My girlfriend advised against any pasta dishes as she felt they didn't measure up. Of course she is part Italian so she is going to be a touch critic on Italian dishes. I saw the double cheese burger and my eyes lit up. Can't pass that up. Well it turned out to be a good and bad thing. That burger was HUGE but so good. Big patties, bacon, cheese and everything else. Cooked just how I wanted it. Very good. As got the spicy potato wedges, another tip from the girlfriend, they were delicious. Good thing I was hungry from swimming most of the day but I still couldn't quite finish it. Also I was saving some room for a Pizookie. Which I had never had and my girlfriend never goes to BJs without getting one. I ordered the triple chocolate one and even though there was a little bit of a wait for it, they don't make it until you order it, it was so worth the wait. So ooey and gooey and good. I will definitely be having one too every time we come back here. Overall, I really liked this place. Maybe won't get such a huge burger next time but I will be back. I also really like their in house beer. I had the Scottish ale and it was really good. I would like to try more of their different beers next time. There will definitely be a next time. This was a great Birthday dinner capping off a great day.~pasta cheese burger burger bacon cheese potato wedges burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Z7DW3YgoQ20vZm9GsuTERg~Get Syked!  Awesome, Awesome and Awesome!  Forget that fact that's it's a little granola using local ingredients and what not.  You won't find a better dining experience in Madison than Graze.  My friends raved about it and it did not disappoint.  I went for brunch and had the Nutella Stuffed French Toast and it was delicious (with local fruit).  Checked out a lot of plates they all looked amazing, can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu including the award winning burger.  Enjoy!~french toast burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~kXLpb6TSWyP7bVnfXtL6qw~I hadn't in this restaurant for a few years because the sauce had a lot of vinegar in it years ago.  I don't know what they did but the sauce is now some very good stuff, the lunch time business seems very good.  a co-worker wanted to go so we did and I was very surprised at how good the sauce was,  we had barbeque beef and pork sandwiches.  I haven't made it on rib tip day (Friday) or chicken wing day, Wednesday,  I think.  I will review again when I have had the oportunity to try those and other menu items.~beef pork sandwiches chicken ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QhwIfknZOf1NaelMuKBFcA~If you're a meat and potatoes sort of person like I am, The Roaring Fork will do you just fine. While I'm sure this is the trendiest of eateries in town (I was the youngest person at happy hour by about 10 years!), the Old West spirit of simple, wood-fired grub is both timeless and ageless.   Named after a river in Colorado, thing big and gutsy, and that translates to fall-off-the-bone baby back ribs (smothered in a Dr. Pepper bbq sauce, no less), green chile mac 'n cheese, and smashed potatoes. The food here is meant to satiate and stuff, in all the right ways. My only regret was not trying their infamous "Big Ass Burger" but that just leaves room for another visit one day.  P.S. If you can handle it, figure out a way to try their Pineapple Cornmeal Upside Down Cake; I'm not sure if it really embodies the Southwest or anything, but it sure tastes good!~ribs cheese burger pineapple cake ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~C4WAYDH_v37SjwKrWDYeSg~This is one of the places I do not get at all.  Why would anyone put out such a poor product?  Why would anyone buy these?  Probably because it's convenient for those of us working in the financial district.  Besides location, there's absolutely nothing going for these cupcakes at all.  Trust me, I'm a cupcake connoisseuse.  I blog about cupcakes.  The primary problem that I have with this (and a few other establishments, like The Cupcake Shoppe) is that I find it's incredibly LAZY to slap different flavoured frostings on top of the same 2-4 cake bases.  When all you do and make is cupcakes, you need to develop unique cake bases for every flavour.  Or use one cake base for 2 flavours tops (3 if they contain different fillings).  This is just lazy.  It shows zero pride in their craft.  It makes the cupcakes boring.  It's a waste of time and an absolute waste of calories.  A good cupcake starts with a good cake base, and real flavour variety is what makes cupcakes.  I'd rather take a 30 minute trip out to the ends of the city for a truly good quality cupcake made with effort than have one of these conveniently located under my office.  Besides that, the cupcakes taste below average at best.  They are often dry, they are waaay too sweet, and they don't have much flavour, except the banana, perhaps.    Other Yelpers have commented that there's too much frosting - that, I don't think is a problem.  It's necessary to make the cupcakes look pretty.  I do think they are too over the top at Prairie Girl with the frosting, but no one's obligated to eat all the frosting that comes on a cupcake.  What I do is that I'll take an initial bite in - frosting and cake - and then peel the cupcake liner off the cupcake.  Then I turn the cupcake sideways or upside down on the liner (depending on how good it is) and either eat the cake with a little bit of frosting or eat the cake alone.  But they do overcompensate the luckluster ingredients with way too much sugar, which results in cupcakes that have no distinct flavour besides overkill sweetness.  Just don't bother!!!~cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cake cake cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes banana cupcakes cake cake cake cupcakes ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Ui-4Hx6f97qv7E-xtVnWeA~This a definite "regular" for us!  We generally sit in the bar, because the specials, they have a happy hour menu, which is pretty great!  Green chile pork is to die for!  The Big Ass Burger is great & only $7 with fries!  Oh and it has bacon & green chiles on it!    The little bar snacks they give you as well are great!  & Fresh Beef jerky if you're really lucky!~pork burger fries bacon beef jerky ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QYHgTMXuw4NqhbjyLlA98A~Strange location...out of the way of Scottsdale's more touristy strip but it was worth the trip.  The Dr. Pepper shortribs and green chile mac and cheese were outstanding - couldn't keep my friends' paws off my plate!  The duck and fundito were good but I'll take my ribs and mac any day.  Service was attentive.  Definitely would go back!~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~E7SWWlZ0ekKBhSZeMxzBEw~Totally great experience. The decorations itself make you get more hungry as you are slowly making your progress in the breakfast que. I liked the way that the beverages like regular coffee and orange juice were bottomless within the breakfast and the way that they were both fresh. Gelatto is clearly to die for especially after you make your round the buffet items a few more times. Prices are ok, I will include the current prices for 2015 in the photos. After breakfast, the whole day I was not hungry and did not eat anything until breakfast the next morning. So, if you want to have an experience of something tasty and luxurious and get energy to be able to strolling through whole day in Vegas, the Buffet at Wynn is your ultimate breakfast station!~coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~K0sq61l1qFSR-uUdFnXpgg~The mac-n-cheese here with the pulled pork was honestly the best mac I've ever had. The infusion of flavors was unparalleled, and the service was excellent as well. Additionally, I loved that most of the ingredients were locally sourced. Great work.~cheese pulled pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sJ70Ij2w1APRwS2NYpR57Q~I've only been to Roaring Fork once, but I enjoyed my experience there.   I had a bacon wrapped pork tenderloin that was delicious. My wife had a trout dish that she thought as alright, but she really liked the green chile and pork appetizer. We sat outside on the patio on a cool evening and it made for a really nice ambiance. Service was very attentive and the prices were reasonable considering the quality and portions of the food. I definitely want to return to try their Big Ass burger. I love burgers and with a name like that, I've got to order it at least once.  Location is a little weird, at the bottom of an office building off Scottsdale road, but once you find it you'll be glad you did.~bacon pork pork burger burgers ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sIkpEmDhD70saUagMbWKUw~After doing our theater matinees on Saturday afternoons, Hubby and I often get to places well before the crowds -- even during season -- but this place was almost full when we got there at 4:30 pm! Apparently the Happy Hour is pretty well known, and for good reason. The chow and values are excellent, the surroundings are nice, and the service is friendly. We could have made dinner out of the bar appetizers, but decided to hit the dining room for dinner. Good move. We opted for outdoors, which was also a good move, because it's much quieter and more pleasant than inside. Hubby's fried chicken was meh, but my fish special (cod on a celery root puree) was yummers as were the deserts...we stuffed ourselves, and still didn't finish the huckleberry cheesecake and the pecan pie with salted caramel ice cream. Decent wine list, too. We'll be back.~appetizers fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_57T3BXs-eQ8l-IV97t3bg~After eating here only once, I can say that this is my favorite joint in Madison. I came here after reading Yelp reviews, and the whole experience lead me here again to write a Yelp review.   Must have: Pork belly buns. These buns alone are a religious experience, and merit a visit in itself. The slow cooked pork belly melts in your mouth just as it hits your palate. The meat is perfectly seasoned and the fresh baked bun taste like heaven on a plate. I could eat maybe 3 orders of this and die a happy man.  We ordered some more odds and ends from the Meat & Cheese board and were not disappointed from the local fare.   If you're not afraid of full flavors and want to venture past the ordinary, come here. For a place like Madison, this restaurant definitely stands out, but I believe this place can hold it's on in any culinary city in the U.S.A.~pork pork cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~vdcOFCiQ6P6i9TQw2hFSrQ~This will likely be our last visit. While we've been generally pleased to this point with both the food and the service (which can often be hit or miss), I simply cannot understand the constant and unnecessary meddling with items on the menu that have long been staples. You removed the Italian chop salad for an Asian one? Why?   The only redeeming thing about BJ's is their craft brewed beers and they're not all too special. So very, very disapponting, guys... but I guess it's to be expected when you're a corporate chain that has little interest in what's good in YOUR location versus what's good in an entirely different state.~salad ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~654nSntjjouqqoemn5d-lg~As soon as you walk in you'll notice that jeans and a t shirt won't suffice at this upscale casual restaurant. The service is always great and accommodating. The food is another deal. The menu is seasonal or code for limited. Don't plan on getting full because this is the place where you get tasty food, not huge portions, not even medium portions We must call them what they are, SMALL. A place for foodies to go catch up with their elitist yuppie friends.   Also, plan on spending $35 a person if you want to get near full. No joke, I went there and got a pickle board appetizer and a steak and I left HUNGRY. Had to go get another bite to eat.   I give it only two stars because a restaurant, no matter how nice and friendly, should fill you up if you spend $35 per person.~steak ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~GYx5o27HBQBgz6qVrUWByw~Wynn Buffet is one of the best in Vegas. It's a little more pricey than some, but all the good ones are. Champagne brunch is fun here, they even pack you some mimosas to go in a coffee cup, so you can continue your 10AM buzz as you swagger through the Wynn/Encore area. The food overall is really fresh, high quality stuff. There are lots of meat, seafood, sushi.... and they also have specialty salads they mix right there, a wide selection of fresh, always delicious fruit, and this amazing brown sugar-cream-strawberry "salad" that is to die for.   The desserts @ Wynn are amazing, they change every so often, but are always delightful. They also offer a decent array of sugarfree desserts as well (not my cup o tea, but hey, nice to see they have options)...   Not really much else to say except last time I went here, my girl ate so much cuz it was so delicious that she was borderline overflow, if you know what I mean.  Yummilicious Factor = A~coffee sushi salads brown salad desserts desserts tea ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~8ZXqqh6VcyynGUadN6MorQ~I've been to about 5 different BJs and this is by far my favorite. The food is the same as at most other BJs, although this one has honey breadsticks that I haven't seen anywhere else. What distinguishes this BJs is the brewer. In addition to the usual BJs brews, this brewer concocts new original brews all the time, found only here, and brewed on premises. One time I had a BJs Belgian style Grand Cru here that rocked my world. The only problem is that it's super crowded and there is usually a wait. Plus it's at the Chandler mall, so it's...mall-ish.~honey ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bH5YUCJ3u82PrW30uWyGGA~This was my 3rd visit to a place that many rave about, probably because it's a Tory Miller establishment. It was neither worth the price nor the wait.  No reservations taken (wait was too long), food was average to poor, great location (view of the capital), interesting interior. Service was casual, friendly, and fast.   I had the wedge salad and the Graze burger. The iceberg lettuce was turning red around the edges, and the vegetables on the salad were limp. It appeared that the salad was prepared hours earlier. The burger was good, but not worth $21. It came with greasy, limp French fries.   The best part of the meal was the rhubarb lavender Collins.   If you want to experience Tory Miller at his best, grab a Magic Coffee and pastry at the farmer's market.~salad burger iceberg lettuce salad salad burger french fries ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~otDDFAalDzkzgOUkZlxv4g~Seriously delicious. Usually, I totally detest buffets (aka pig troughs) but alas, when in Vegas, do as the drunkards/tourists/Vegas-ans do, right?  Came here for brunch last weekend. I especially enjoyed the duck confit salad with the clover sprouts. It was the best duck confit salad I've ever had!! I also really liked the congee bar, which later switched into a chicken panang bar, which was also really impressive, but I thought the portions the chefs gave out (because they make it for you right there) were way too big. The tables all around us got the same thing, and from observations, everyone's went to waste because it's a buffet! We're all stuffing ourselves with other delicious goodies already.  Another highlight was the end of my meal: coffee and sugar-free cheesecake. Cheesecake was, hands down, best ever. Moist, rich, but not too rich, and just the right amount of deliciousness in a tiny, sugar-free square. Mm mm good. I didn't get a chance to try everything (the charcuterie assortment looked AMAZING but my conscience always overpowers me when it comes to meat (aside from duck-- it's the only animal that has to be afraid of me!), so alas, I did not partake.) I also had the sugar-free chocolate cake, which was too crumbly.   The seafood selection was really good. No famed crab legs as mentioned in all the other reviews, but I did have the Manhattan clam chowder, the sea bass with olive tapenade, and salmon. The pastas were really, really good too, though I took just a tiny spoonful of each (gnocchi, egg pasta, pappardelle, darn you pasta for being so carbalicious!!!!  Service was surprisingly GREAT for a buffet. Our waitress was extremely helpful and came over several times to check on us without being intrusive. Definitely will visit again on my next trip to Vegas, (despite my pig trough fears and all, this is one classy buffet!)~salad salad chicken coffee chocolate cake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~S7Zl7aCpDeKZ8PN8GMcuEg~This place is absolutely delicious! Not only is the food amazing, the quality of the food is unbeatable. And in my opinion, the BEST cheese curds in Madison! Get a half order, they're amazing!  The location is amazing. The restaurant has tons of windows and glass, and the seating outside is beautiful.   I got the pork BiBimBap which is a tad different from bibimbap I'm used to. The rice comes in blocks of crispy rice that is very dense. Honestly, not my favorite, but the other ingredients were good!  My friend got the Graze Burger and loved it, though he said it wasn't worth the price. The fries are DELICIOUS and I definitely recommend them.  Another friend got the Mac and Cheese which was incredible. Light, creamy, flavorful.   Service was great, food was amazing, menu had so many different choices. It's pricy, but worth it. Definitely go here!~cheese pork burger fries mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~QiL7po8zuV9rwOAW_tYTqg~Don't waste your money here. It's $50 for dinner and $25 for kids under 8. The buffet lacked variety and taste. Everything was dry and lacked flavor. Really disappointing. No wonder there was no line. Even the cooks looked a shame to be serving such awful food. The only good thing was their ice tea. Seriously save your money and go somewhere else! Wish I did...~tea ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6lzaXC_dACuvqJJxrosxTQ~Fun restaurant on the square. Get the liter of wine from the cask. Popcorn appetizer great. Had the burger on an English muffin. Very good. Fries excellent. Several odd entree items. Very noisy though.~popcorn burger fries ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tn6BdIOnZ5Aqsc6B5Q0ACQ~Great burger. Happy hour specials and atmosphere are great.  Service was excellent both times I was there a year apart.~burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kOaS3t6YVd74_EVQeumNXg~A collection of mostly subpar to mediocre foods and a few interesting desserts and nice little touches.  I ended up here with two relatives during the transition between brunch buffet and dinner because they were given free buffet tickets as part of a promotional package at the Wynn Casino and I decided to join them. Both of them, who have eaten at several buffets in their lifetime said that the food didn't taste fresh. One of them preferred the buffet at the Pala Casino in California. I didn't particularly enjoy anything they put out. They attempted a variety of international foods but the California rolls were dry and a little stiff. One of my relatives compared it to grocery store sushi (and I've had grocery store sushi that tasted a lot better). I'm not a fan of meat and seafood but I love noodles and pasta and this place was lacking in impressive and filling noodle and pasta dishes. They did have made to order korean pancakes which were rather flavorful and some interesting pizza choices which included bacon and manchego cheese.  The desserts were definitely the highlight. I really enjoyed their green tea pudding with chia seeds, as well as their green tea lychee cupcake and thai tea cup. The desserts also include a gelato / ice cream selection as well as made to order crepes. Everything came in small portions so you can sample a little of everything without overindulging.  I noticed a few vegan dessert options, which was nice for those on restricted diets but not many sugar free desserts, and the guava juice in little jars was cute and refreshing.  Overall, I wouldn't highly recommend going out of your way to visit this buffet and but if you're staying in the hotel, especially if they offer you free buffet tickets as part of a promotional package, I don't think it would be too painful of an experience. Just don't expect to be wowed.~desserts sushi sushi pasta pasta pancakes bacon cheese desserts tea tea lychee thai tea desserts ice cream desserts guava ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fDxzpp68cttxdS8clMgVqw~I met some friends here and I love the concept behind this place. We had a larger party so there was a bit of a wait for a table. The server was fairly attentive but he was very infrequent in how often he came to our table. I don't know if this is typical of brunch place but the server didn't even come take our drink order for at least 10 minutes. It took another 10 minutes to get my drink (which was a coke). Then we waited for another 15 minutes for the server to come back to take our orders. The food took forever to come and it was slightly disappointing. My boyfriend got the biscuit and gravy (which he eats everywhere) and he said it was the worst meal at a resturant he has ever had. The french fries were really good and the seasonal fruit was top notch. Make sure you have a lot of time on your hands before going.~coke french fries ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~0-s_CoYfg-30PhiZcUzVBQ~Happy hour heaven. What does this vegetarian order from this meat and potatoes place? GREEN CHILI MAC N CHEESE!! That is all I need and all I could ever want. I dream of it.   My hubby and I have never actually eaten in the restaurant area, just the bar. The happy hour is awesome. They have amazing cocktails for about $5 each. The margaritas are so refreshing. They have martinis on special too with decent vodka and gin. I always order a dirty martini and it comes out perfect, with delicious blue cheese olives. And the portion is generous... their is usually enough in the shaker for one and a half martinis.   My husband orders either the Big Ass burger or the green chili pork stew. Both he said are phenomenal with a generous portion but he has a special place in his heart for the Big Ass burger. It is always cooked exactly how he asks for it, which he is picky about. The fries it comes with are tasty. I have stolen many off his plate.  On to the the mac n cheese... it comes out bubbling hot in its own kettle. The top is a layer of crunchy goodness. It is gooey, green, and a bit spicy. It is HEAVEN. I end up scraping the crunchy bits off the side of the kettle. It is THAT good.  My only complaint has nothing to do with the restaurant but the patrons. There is almost always a wait in the bar area of people eager to take advantage of their great happy hour. While some people are nice, some are total A-holes. I don't know if it is the area, after all it is Paradise Valley and Scottsdale, but there is an entitlement issue going on. I have had many people try to snatch a table or bar seats from us when we were waiting longer than they were. We had to stand our ground and things have been unpleasant at times. We are nice people... we have pointed out tables to people who are waiting before us. Unfortunately, most patrons of this bar aren't  nice. I think it would be great if they ran a wait list in the bar area or if the staff stepped in somehow. It sucks having to deal with these snotty and rude people and makes waiting for our table an unpleasant experience.  Once that business is over though, it is a wonderful experience. Delicious grub, perfect cocktails, great service, and nice environment. Minus the A-holes...~cheese cheese burger pork burger fries cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~0__kOembapc_2uvoeAP6Eg~Unlimited pickles have arrived at jason's. The solo, lonely pickle on the plate has been abolished and now all sandwich ordering patrons can load up on pickles at the salad bar. They are decent pickles with a good crunch. Just imagine if every sandwich you ate in your lifetime came with unlimited pickles, how many per sandwich would you eat? I downed 7 of them with my $6.99 Papa Joe. The sandwich was turkey with roma tomato and pesto aioli and was good, despite being small as it was shoved onto a square of Herb Foccica bread about toilet paper size. There are places with better turkey around, so unless you love pickles, this chain will only be necessary when in a bind. Salad bar is good too on a previous visit, but just throw some chicken or protein on the thing and stop nicle and diming us for everything up there (pickles was just a start).~pickles sandwich pickles salad pickles sandwich pickles sandwich sandwich tomato pickles salad chicken pickles ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Ytj2GvMZY0HD1VU0H6Qtpg~Sunday afternoon, wandering around the Strip.  Luke Wholey's was calling my name.  We decided to stop for lunch.  We were happy to see that they had a table for us on the sidewalk.    Our server Troy was great.  He helped me select a sandwich, I ordered the crab cake.  BJ ordered blacken scallops and shrimp with jasmine rice.  My sandwich wasn't jumbo lump, but it was very good and I love their french fries.  BJ's seafood was perfectly cooked.  It was served with baby bok choy which was also yummy.  We really enjoyed our first experience here and will definitely be back.~sandwich crab cake ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ZKtHXSwUsLv86Iewr4hJ2A~if you're gonna do one buffet in vegas...please, i implore to you, DO THE WYNN! it may be on the pricey side (weekend lunch price + added 18% tip for large party came out to $40, more for those who wanted bottomless momosas & bloody mary's). but its worth every penny....  come, dance with me in the memory of my 3+ hours at the wynn buffet during sat lunch.  yes, 3.  ....~~... 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~hZgcX8uZw1hYCE6-wnim2A~"An American Bistro and Bar," this western but elegant establishment serves up cowboy fare wtih a twist of new mexico and a dash of french savvy for sauces.  The decor is typical for the wild west...chandeliers made from the antlers of deer, wood finishes, and a saloon to quench the thirst.  They do have an extensive wine list, though I tried one of their mixed drinks, which is something I do at every restaurant I visit.  'Iced Tea' - Bacardi Limon, Lemon & Mint  'Wrath of McGrath' - A Shiner Bock Beer with a Shot of 100 Proof Smirnoff Jalapeno Vodka drizzled over it & a Squeeze of Lime  For an appetizer I tried the Cockles and Craw Fish, with a roasted garlic butter sauce with kaffir lime.  I would have spent more than the $9.50 just to delight in the sauce again.  Truly a phenomenal and unique taste, though there was only a small amount of crawfish, and perhaps five cockles. Well, it is an appetizer, though i can guarantee that once you sample this savory sauce, you will want more.  Second Appetizer was the Kettle of green chile pork, with jack cheese and flour tortillas.  Also $9.50, and very delicious, this appetizer is not so overwhelming as to satisfy appetite, but is intense on the taste buds, as it is flavored with a habanero pepper.  The Restraurant offers two seperate menus.  TheSaloon menu is available at the bar only, and features less expensive foods from 8.50-12.00.  Stew, Steak, Quesadillas, and a "Big Ass Burger" are all found here.  I shared a "Big Ass Burger" with my beau, for $10.00, and we couldn't fit it into our mouth.   Though our waitress was slow, and we waited quite some time for our drinks, she was very amiable.  When I bit into a wedge of plastic while enjoying the appetizer, the manager came to personally apologize and to offer us complimentary dessert, as well as taking the Crawfish off the bill.  Though none of that was necessary, it is always a treat when a restaurant concerns itself in such a way with pleasing its customers.  As for the Restaurant menu, here is the complete menu and photos, taken from the roaring fork website:  Boneless Buttermilk-Fried CHICKEN with Pan Gravy & Mashed Potatoes AHI Seared with Smoked Salt, Chamomile Steamed Vegetables, Chipotle Vinaigrette PORK Rib Chop, Red Chile Sauce, Baked Squash with Apples SALMON Campfire-Style Ginger Vinaigrette, Soy Beans, Tomato DUCK Breast, Onion Jam, Sour Cherry Mustard, Little Cabbages HALIBUT Dusted with Dried Tomato...Soft Herbs, Sugar Snaps, Meyer Lemon Sauce LAMB Rib Loin, Corn Fritter, Green Beans with Toasted Hazelnuts Vanilla Lamb Glace & Green Jelly Almond-Crusted TROUT, VEAL Bacon, Asparagus & Horseradish Potatoes Tarragon Sauce BEEF Short Rib Braised in Dr. Pepper Barbecue Sauce, Chile Cheese Grits Grilled SHRIMP with Green Rice with HAM BEEF Tenderloin, Whiskey  Shellac, Green Chile Macaroni~new mexico tea lemon jalapeno lime garlic butter lime pork cheese tortillas habanero steak quesadillas burger burger fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~pROZeTbSik98lL9qeQLEUw~An amazing farm to table restaurant that  is extremely affordable. Food that comes from so close just tastes better, everything we had didn't disappoint.   -Beet and Walnut Pub Burger with a side salad yummy wow.   -roasted seasonal veggies, you can taste the freshness   -bimtami or whatever was sooo good. Crispy rice. Get the spicy sauce on the side and add in yourself.   -YOU MUST GET THE CHEESE CURDS. YOU WILL REGRET IT FOR LIFE IF YOU DONT.~burger salad cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~kLv_W3nxEQSEoL1BSSqr5Q~Good food! It can be a little expensive, but quality. The cheese curds were worth the buy. They have a good happy hour, but otherwise, I've never been here for a meal. As a student and then young professional starting out, it was just too expensive.~cheese ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~0r6QOcEILWl9Wp8xeII0xw~Cozy atmosphere, good service and reasonable prices...what's not to like?  We enjoyed the baked rigatoni with amazing bread and the green chili chicken with au gratin potatoes...yummy!  This will definitely be a go to, neighborhood place on a cool day to enjoy some comfort food.    I am excited to see the further changes they are going to make to the place.  This is a definite must visit in Central Phoenix!~chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Sy6Hfn7TPxBEnomNSyVJXw~Holy shit, $40 is a damn expensive buffet.  But... there are upsides!  1. Crab legs (I don't like crab legs but for those who do they are huge and cut open for you - so gorging yourself is easier) 2. Prime rib: uberly tender, best with the jus and horseradish on top 3. Center cut slab bacon, yes meat eaters rejoice!!! Get ready for salty goodness and a heart attack - hey at least you've lived! 4. Fish: tons of ceviche choices, sushi, baked fish, you name it, they've got it. 4. Cheese/ dried fruit/ italian meat selection - wow, they have got quite a spread: prosciutto, salami, mortadella, parmesan, gouda, dried figs, apricots - heaven. 5. Bottomless iced tea, soda, coffee, hot tea, juice. 6. Rice porridge/ congee - not what you'd expect at this buffet but so tummy warming after a long night out! 7. Come on there's just too many good things here, and almost everything is executed well! 8. YOU CAN STAY A LONG TIME - I did (4+ hours), so eat to your heart's content, then take a 7+ hour nap from your food coma.~horseradish bacon ceviche sushi salami mortadella gouda tea coffee tea ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~k4EUcSyjFx6M1nm09f5LSQ~I thought I would be blown away and I was with the amazing view and beautiful decor! however, the food was nothing spectacular and our waitress was clueless!  We all got the tuna tartar, beef carppacio, salmon and ribs. Would I come back? Yes but this time JUST for drinks on the patio. There are too many other yummy restaurants around here to just settle!~tuna beef salmon ribs ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kPvFOi5pfGlb7YmU4eBTVQ~I'm not generally a fan of sweets, but I was on my way to work and thought I'd take some cupcakes for my co workers to boost staff morale.  I liked that I was able to pick only the flavours that I wanted. It's also nice that they have smaller size cupcakes because that way you can have two and try two different flavours.   I was very pleased with the icing to cupcake ratio. Icing is the only reason I eat cupcakes and this was some of the creamiest, dreamiest icing I've had. You could see the vanilla specks in some of them. The Coconut vanilla was my favourite. The cake was light and fluffy with no dryness.  I would buy these again when I want to be loved at work, or at home, or by anyone. Please be my friend, I'll buy you cupcakes...~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes coconut cake cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rFMX8AOz8EgPVucU6fw4hA~There on a SUNDAY-  all day happy hour.  happy hour prices great!  food awesome!  had BIG ASS burger- we shared a side of the famous mac&cheese (think its chipolte chile mac and cheese) normally never order it , but it was excellent-  everyone at the table loved the food.   busy but managed to get a patio seat- by luck im sure-  had my 7 and 10 year old boys with me-  they were fine and my 7 year old was able to order off the kids menu--which is not in print-  but they do have the basics, kraft mac& cheese, chicken strips, burger.~mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~0L7ENdPKLl7sh56bRdauag~This has always been one of my favorite Scottsdale restaurants. However tonight was a different experience. I had a take-out order totaling $40. The salmon was not teriyaki plank salmon. It was bland and tasteless.  The green chili macaroni and cheese was overcooked and mushy. This must've been a not so good night in the kitchen. Maybe the winter chef goes north once Summer comes? My advice is to skip this restaurant until fall and see if the food quality improves. I was sorely disappointed tonight.~salmon salmon macaroni and cheese ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5DHc6Id6vIIJ9B1O-bMVXg~Big ass burger is no joke. Sometimes service is slowwwww.~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~l05_abwhwbT82LVCHIHNUg~Like many, I was not blown away by Graze but the food was good. I had the mussels and my partner the Graze burger. It was definitely worth the trip, although I might not be back right away.~burger ~3 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~excNI3Q9IQ6S5kQgqbanxQ~Loved this place. Went for Saturday brunch. The food was so good. The atmosphere was great. The staff was so friendly. And the drinks were bomb. :) will definitely be back!    Update! Went back on Monday for lunch. Had a shrimp blta and it was delicious. End of story.~shrimp ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~fYoOK9ev3mvIfPUKREMYkw~I had the opportunity to dine with some Fabulous Fellow Yelpers at The Roaring Fork last night. While the night was fun and full of laughs, The Fork just didn't deliver.  Our group of 9 people had a dinner reservation for 7:30pm. Let me first hit on our reservation. Because of seating limitations, Jenn W and I had to make 2 separate reservations, and they were made through Open Table. We each noted our reservation with each other's names and stated that we wanted to be seated next to each other. I also noted that we were Yelp members and that we wanted the AZ Restaurant Week menu.  We received a confirmation etc.  The day of our event, I received a phone call confirming our 8PM dinner...umm... no. I explained I set it for 7:30. The girl fumbled around and finally said "Yeah ok." and finally apologized for the oversight. I am SO glad I thought to ask her about the further instructions regarding Jenn W and My table being seated together, because they would have dropped the ball on that too. In my irritation, I finally said "What other important information do you miss because you guys don't actually read your Open Table reservations?" more apologies...yack yack.  Fast forward to dinner time!  I arrived around 7pm to meet a few Yelpers for drinks at the bar. I didn't feel comfortable actually sitting at the bar because the seats are jam packed right next to each other... heaven forbid there's a fire! It took a while for the bartender to notice that we actually wanted a drink. He served me a fantastic Zin. I don't know what it was, but it was good!  Our full party arrived and it was dinner time! I was STARVING at that point. We were seated at 2 separate tables that were next to each other. We decided it was silly to sit a foot away from each other and put some muscle into moving our tables together.   Our server, Joshua, took our water order very quickly. Unfortunately, that was about all he did quickly and accurately all night. Our actual drink/cocktail order was painfully slow both in being able to order it and delivery, plus a random diet coke showed up in the midst of our order. At this point we didn't want our drinks we wanted food. A couple of bread baskets were delivered with so-so varieties of bread. My favorite was the cheddar bacon biscuit. It was just interesting to me. After we depleted our carb baskets, we hoped that our food order would fare better and get to us quickly.  It was time for the first course. Everyone's first course was delivered except for one. Jenn W was left to sit and wait an unreasonable amount of time for her order. In fact, instead of making sure everyone had what they needed, our waiter delivered another table's appetizer first and walked away. BIG NO NO. Jenn finally received her order and I could finally dig into my food without guilt.   I ordered the green chile stew. Fantastic! I loved it. It had the right amount of spicy kick. The meat was tender and not at all fatty, and the tortillas that came with it were hot and buttery. I could have just gone straight to dessert after that. I was very pleased with my appetizer.  What goes up must come down right? Well my blissful high was broken up by my boring rotisserie chicken meal. I was hoping that the chicken might be moist and smoky, or maybe rubbed with some interesting spices... no. I know I've had a better seasoned, and more moist rotisserie chicken from a grocery store. Yes, I said it.   I did have the chance to steal bites of the trout from Jenn W and Matthew K. How I regret ordering the chicken!! The trout was moist and meaty and full of so much flavor it was silly!! I also had a few bites of Amanda B's short rib dish. The sauce on the short rib was tasty and smoky; the short rib itself was almost too fatty. I know short ribs are supposed to have some fat content, but this was like eating blubber in some bites, not appetizing. I had high hopes for my dessert.  Our dinner dishes were finally cleared away and we were left to chat for a bit before our dessert order was taken. I had the molten chocolate brownie with vanilla ice cream. Meh... the brownie wasn't exactly as molten as I expected and considering my ice cream was largely melted I was hoping the whole brownie was warm, nope. The melted ice cream was possibly our "speedy" waiter's handiwork.  Our waiter was kind enough to allow split bills and there was no problem in mixed up tabs or anything which was great.   I think I will go back to the Roaring Fork for a happy hour or to try some of their more creative dishes. Maybe a basic chicken dish threw them for a loop; I hope they can wow me next time with something different!~coke bacon tortillas chicken chicken chicken chicken ribs ice cream ice cream ice cream chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~gXPzhPf5c6fFFRzDWJitWA~Buffet here is $40 for dinner. My friends and I came late, almost when they were about to close,went in at 10pm, got as much food as we could because food only stayed till 10:45pm we sat there eating for a while and they didnt kick us out.   Everything here was top quality. They have a lot of choices of food to choose from. Being a non red meat eater, I still had a lot of food to choose from! They have Chinese, Lebanese, Italian, etc. My favorite was the dessert! Their dessert are super high quality and taste delicious.   Decor inside made me feel like i was having tea with Alice from Alice in Wonderland!   This probably my most favorite buffet in Vegas.~tea ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~2NwEfANM3neqW9q16pL0rA~When we finally arrived after a glitch with our GPS we were very happy campers.   The  hostess was very welcoming and the service was excellent from start to finish.  The green chili mac and cheese was excellent as was the shrimp cocktail--the shrimp were huge and very fresh.  My Dr Pepper ribs were excellent and very tender.  My daughter had the grilled shrimp over grits which she also loved.~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~3XypKMEft3bYePJUMMLm9Q~I'm on the hated-it scale of the Honey Bear love fest.    We ordered the bbq ribs and a beef sandwich with cole slaw and cowbro beans on the side.  Thought the meal was on the below average scale for tastiness...the beef sandwich meat suffered from not being marinated, and it was bone dry...the bbq rib was more of the same...so this would have been a 2 star review...BUT what pushed it down to 1 star for me was that my ribs were "bloody"...No not pink, but actually bloody with the jelly-like texture of raw meat...great when I'm eating sushi, but not so much for bbq pork  I actually returned the bloody thing to the counter person who agreed that it was bloody and made me a new plate...unfortunately, it was a new plate of the same bloody ribs, I gave up and just trashed the bloody plate....so no, I won't be back for another try  If you're looking for tasty bbq sandwich...try TEXAZ for lunch...that's where I'd be the next time I have a craving~honey ribs beef sandwich beef sandwich ribs sushi bbq pork ~1 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~3JT5OfEnQW2bu1S88V3Dyw~I stopped by here earlier today with my father for lunch.  Not too long ago I had been here with a Yelp party and was lucky enough to taste some of their oysters and shrimp with the Oysters Rockefeller and shrimp both being delicious.  Since my dad likes a good fish, I decided that I would take him sometime for lunch.  We were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant and given the choice to sit inside or outside.  I chose inside even though it was pretty much the same as being outside.  You see, they have a garage door type device so that the restaurant opens onto the street.  With the perfect weather today, my dad and I both enjoyed our seats.  For lunch we decided to start off our meal with the lobster bisque fries.  It is exactly what you would expect from a name like that, a bunch of fries on a plate with a decent helping of lobster bisque dumped over them.  The bisque tasted awesome and I was pretty happy about the large chunks of lobster that were sitting on top of the fries.  While the fries tasted nicely too, I wasn't as big of a fan of how soggy some of them got.  Even so I enjoyed the inventiveness and taste of it.  For my entree I decided to have the shrimp po boy and chose the buffalo aioli to go with it while my dad went with the fried cod sandwich.  Both dishes came with a side of fries that looked like they were freshly cut. My sandwich was pretty good and I enjoyed the buffalo aioli but I think still think that it lacked something.  So while I liked it, I honestly can't say that I loved it.  My dad did say that he really enjoyed his sandwich as the fish was good. I should also note that our server was also very friendly to us and helped to make our experience nice.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  While nothing during today's lunch jumped out at me as amazing and today's lunch on its own would be 3 stars, I do know that there shrimp here is very good, so maybe I just ordered badly?  In any case, I do think that it is worth stopping by to give a try.~shrimp oysters rockefeller shrimp fries fries fries fries shrimp sandwich fries sandwich sandwich shrimp ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BAG39by8DqNj67g8fxcYjw~This is a Happy Hour review for this location. I have only eaten dinner at the downtown Austin location.  This is my Arizona friend's favorite happy hour spot. The few times he is up for a happy hour, we go here. The happy hour is confined to the bar area (saloon) and the patio. Be cautious of the wait for the indoor seating. The Roaring Fork happy hour is not a secret. Try the patio, you will usually have better luck getting a seat.  My friend only gets one thing: the Big Ass Burger, cooked medium rare. He loves it. The Longhorn cheddar, the bacon, and especially the poblano pepper. He is a little disappointed that over the years, the Big Ass Burger has gone from one pound of meat to two-thirds of a pound. However, this fact does not stop him from devouring the burger. Five stars for the burger.  We split the guac and chips. The guacamole is wonderful and I love the presentation. For me, this appetizer is totally worth $6.   I usually munch on the friend's fries and drink my mojitos, as there are not very many vegetarian options at Roaring Fork. The mojito is decent and the margarita is good too. I'll have to try the Huckleberry marg next time. (I hear it's great!)  All in all, a great happy hour location. Especially since it's 4-7 daily.~burger bacon poblano burger burger burger chips fries ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UqkrWQDf1M6CRnghqQ18rQ~The biggest draw for us was that this restaurant's menu is all local.   The staff was super friendly and they are very knowledgable about each dish. The restaurant wasn't crowded at all and was perfect for a nice early dinner on the square with some friends.  The cocktails were good. We each had a different one from the menu. Nothing super yummy so we all just ordered one.   The apps were alright. We had the pretzel with the best creamy cheese you could ever have and some other mustard spreads. Then the pickle platter which was interesting but I'm sure a pickle connoisseur would have loved it!   Our friends ordered the Mac N' Cheese and the Toasted Farro. My partner and I had the pub burger and a Fried chicken and waffle.  Our friends said they liked their meals but didn't say much else. My partner thought her burger was good and the fries were okay. My fried chicken and waffle were good but again nothing phenomenal. I've had better waffles at IHOP and fried chicken from Church's chicken to say the least.  Again since everything is local - you are paying top dollar for a little bit of food. When the food doesn't seem fantastic then you leave thinking "Wow, we could have had a more savory meal at home for half of the money."   I was really hoping to taste some magnificent food that would keep me craving more until I came back. This wasn't that experience.~cheese cheese burger fried chicken ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~A7x554yhQ1tmGxdAT7cD0A~Awesome place ... Amazing food. I recently moved to Pittsburgh and this was my first dining experience here - I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. I had the fried fish sandwich (added avocado) with fries. So good ... I could only eat half. I will definitely be back ... Helpfully soon!~fried fish sandwich avocado fries ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-l5DNg8fP2YhUOST_Pg6-w~have not been there in a long time...the guy taking the order was in some other world. the amount of pork or chicken on the sandwich has been reduced to almost half. the drinks are watered down. and the prices are up. Me thinks I wont be back there.~pork chicken sandwich ~1 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~r4SmPdkqIazIGPHXdPOG4Q~I know there is a lot of hype about these cupcakes and tend to be a lot of people's favourites, but to me personally I'm very indifferent about them. I like visit the PATH location as it is accessible underground. The place is always packed, so I recommend ordering online beforehand to bypass the line. However, it does require 48 hours advance ordering so be sure to order ahead of time.  I like to order to mini versions as I can't finish the regular sized ones, but I find that even that was a bit too much for me as the icing is VERY sweet. I'm glad they came out with a tiny size so I can try two flavours at once. I have a sweet tooth, but it's something that I don't have cravings for as the icing is a bit too much for me~cupcakes ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~priATlEHHpvPg509IrlNkg~Its gone downhill in my book.  Last few times there the menu has been less ambitious (read: no marrow) and the entrees have been very overpriced for what they are.    The cheese plate was terrible (a travesty).   The staff just doesn't seem to care as much anymore.  Perhaps their popularity has allowed them to rest on their laurels.    I probably won't be back anytime soon (and I was an early defender of this place).~cheese ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mdVVEPdxYI9Mawnj0RMMug~Truly a gem in the heart of downtown Madison! It lived up to the reviews! The cheese curds were amazing as promised, with a delicious batter. I had one of the seasonal specials (an Asian seafood broth based dish), my sister had the gnocchi and my mother had the pub burger. We sat outside and had a breathtaking view of the capital. I rarely give five stars and am happy to be able to do so!~cheese gnocchi burger ~5 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~o6GS_0nKWPS3-fxpzxL2yQ~I went for lunch yesterday. I was impressed! We had a very nice waiter.  I got the spinach salad and I ate every single bite. The ingredients were fresh and it wasn't over-dressed. My friend got the Pub burger. It looked amazing. He raved about it.   Not sure if they take reservations. If you go in the evening, it'd be helpful to call ahead. My friends tried to go for dinner recently and they said it was shoulder to shoulder packed.   Looking forward to going again and trying more dishes.~spinach salad burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~p8PrrDWUdZWHxY_rrMxu2w~Good food, decent price and a southwestern atmosphere.   The food is decidedly better than the decor, but then again I've never been big on the southwestern look. Something about Antlers above my head while I'm trying to have a romantic night out with the lady just doesn't cut it for me.   I (like most everyone else) recommend the big ass burger. You can't go wrong with their side of mac and cheese either and I recommend giving it a go regardless of how much you fill yourself with all their other delicious entrees.~burger mac and cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~jGgmNmZ1YhIY7O0kz4TIwA~I went here on a sunny spring day with my wife for lunch.  It has a cool modern atmosphere with direct views of the capitol from almost any seat.  The burger I had was good, but very messy.  I think the bun could have been slightly bigger.  I like the huge ceilings inside.  Overall a good option on the square that I will try again.  I think happy hour here could be a good idea especially with summer on the way and their big tap beer selection.~burger ~4 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~Kja4b7Ubb3BF5YboPqqCLQ~We tried to dine at this Burgatory location with some friends once before and left after being told that there would be a 45 minute wait (one of our companions has lupus and needed to take her medication with food ASAP), which condemned us to a dismal meal at nearby P.F. Chang's. Months later, however, after much filibustering, I convinced my darling Kay to try this Burgatory once more.   And yet again, as if it had been an amusement park ride, Kay and I waited for 45 minutes, burning the spare 3/4 of an hour at Barnes & Noble. The mounting anticipation contributed to the overall experience favorably, making the standard dine-out night seem a little more special, particularly when it's assumed that the food will be superb, and it was, it was.  Burgers are no longer lowbrow or taken for granted. Restaurants such as Burgatory have taken something that the public had gotten bored with and transformed it into something exciting, fun, and novel again.   Burgatory veterans know the process for a Custom Creation: Grab the tiny pencils, go over all of your options (type of meat, bun, toppings, cheese, etc.) check off the boxes on the form as carefully as one would take a standardized test, and hand it in to your server, who in our case was efficient, honest ('it's just 1,000 Island, hon' she said of their 'house sauce'...), witty, and a ray of light overall. Your burger will come to your table bearing a flag with your name on it. Aren't you exceptional?  Or you can pick a standard build (there are 10) if you want to go into autopilot like I did. Hey, sometimes ya just want to trust your chefs, y'know? Besides, how much can one play around with fixings? It gets tedious trying to figure out what will go well with what and all. Nah, this time I put myself in the Devil's hands and chose the Meat Your Maker burger.   MYM is composed of a dry aged Wagyu patty, a sweet onion crust, Gruyere, roasted tomatoes, organic field greens, and  truffled shallot aioli. The fragrant, silky, medium-rare (a must!) beef was only augmented by the sweet rub, and the creamy,  ribald, brackish aged cape of cheese. The roasted tomatoes added a touch more sugar as did the aioli, which grounded the entirety of the Brioche-encased burger via that earthy, elusive minced fungus.   The fries that flanked the burger were up to the usual crispy, fluffy standards I've come to expect from Burgatory. The days of the once-fried tater are dwindling, Burgatory helping to continue this positive trend of proper cookery.  Like debating whether or not Captain America could take Batman, local bon viviants have been arguing over whether Burgatory or BRGR holds the Big Gold Belt. While I feel their burgers are about equal, Burgatory does trump BRGR in terms of milkshakes. BRGR offers a fine milkshake for a summer evening. Burgatory offers an ornate milkshake for the ages. For instance, my Campfire S'mores milkshake too the stuff of Boy Scout weekend getaways and elevated it into an event of pure indulgence. The marshmallow was imperious, charred, gooey. The alabaster quagmire of whipped cream was luscious enough to ice a wedding cake. The graham cracker crumbs were there as were the pieces of chocolate candy bar. The ice cream itself was almost too thick, like quicksand, but that only helped the boba straw to prove useful and gave me an excuse to savor the frozen dessert, take my time, allow it to melt as I dismantled the garnishes. A Burgatory shake isn't to be sucked down as you stroll the Waterworks mall. It is to be treated as an opulent affair --- a Baked Alaska in a glass.   Burgatory keeps growing and still apparently can't outrace the demand for their products. No matter when you visit one, the swanky, eye-catching interiors are brimming with laughing patrons even without having to await a table. I could express concern that Burgatory will spread itself too thin and lose something in the process,but it just hasn't happened yet. Each new franchise has been nothing but a boon to its part of town and has stood alone in areas infested with national chains.   In other words, there is now a concrete reason to drive out to The Waterfront, and it ain't to see a movie or play games at Dave & Busters.~burgers cheese burger burger patty onion greens beef cheese burger fries burger burgers milkshake milkshake milkshake cake ice cream ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~xyj-XC6_brKCJQyfk2tv0A~They are a 5 minute drive from my office and every item I've ordered has been great.  Hands down the BEST Hawaiian burger I've ever had.  Love how quick their service is~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dpCNqhOdfhxPT916a30I_w~First time at Graze.  The atmosphere is cute.  We sat outside and I ordered a Ginger snap which was really good.  We ordered their fries and it was really good.  I ordered a side of the mac and cheese with pork.  OMG, it was really good and rich with cheese.  I enjoyed it!  The service was kind of slow as they had a big table of 20.  Our waitress apologized for the long wait and also gave us a discount on our bill.  I will come back here again  when I am in town!~ginger fries mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~lrP0XBiZBxuo2hfd5eUsdQ~I was at the Wynn's for their breakfast buffet. No line too, especially at 9:30am  For $18.95, I started out with this: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=tEDk_0WaEfNA6UwNfighBA  Next I had this: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=X4eFkZErvjUZrT8_XISr3g  Then I had this: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=ApWiAmBybrcHcxqd1SwwtA  Finally I had enough room in my tummy for this: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2weQS-RnoOBhb1KsHKyoSQ?select=hZqquMF00ftZafXktgblnA  All that, plus a small Diet Coke...hee-hee!!  Definitely one of the better buffet venues for breakfast. There are many good breakfast buffets in Las Vegas. But you can't get any better than Wynn's Buffet.~coke ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VUqprY4Y8mMpUTUw4xuVIw~I will definitely go back.  Went on a Thursday night with a coworker and a client, we chose the Fork because we could actually hear ourselves talk without yelling over the table. Our server, Daryl, was very attentive and had a great personality. Our cocktails came in a good amount of time as did our appetizers and entree. Our client ordered the short ribs which I tasted and they were fall-off-the-bone tender and the sauce was super tasty. I ordered the oven roasted shrimp on a bed of cheese grits. Yum-my! One of my shrimp was only partially deveined but it was no big deal. My coworker ordered the halibut and he said it was perfectly cooked and equally as tasty.  Looks like a great lunch place too. Oh, one more thing, I am a lettuce/salad snob and my caesar salad came crisp and perfectly dressed.~appetizers ribs shrimp cheese grits shrimp lettuce salad salad ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~U1tSY-u2wdSVcPJGoQ1_7w~This is my favorite Hawaiian place. I love the selection of food and I love the food as well. The service is always quick and friendly and the restaurant is always clean. They have a large variety of dishes that are cooked just right and at very good prices.   My favorite dish here is the fried Scallops. It's something I don't see at a lot of Hawaiian food locations. Nice Panko breaded Scallops that are not overcooked. Writing about it makes me hungry.   The Fried Rice is really good too. They exercise a good amount of restraint when it comes to seasoning which makes for a nice Fried Rice. I decided to grab some Shrimp Fried Rice and I got a Shrimp in every scoop of Fried Rice which makes me smile.   The Oxtail Soup will put you to sleep faster than a Thanksgiving Turkey dinner. Salivate and snore lol.   I like the Chicken Katsu and the BBQ chicken as well. They are not boring pieces of chicken flavored cardboard like some of the other places, these are nice and flavorful.   Even the side dishes are good here. The Mac Salad goes good with anything. The Portion sizes for all the dishes are just right. There are regular sizes and small sizes so you can't go wrong.~fried rice fried rice shrimp fried rice shrimp fried rice soup chicken bbq chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~tnu3hEF_jDsibRA27Yeo-g~This place is nicely located at World on Yonge (yonge/steeles), with ample free parking above ground and underground. They are also available on uber eats, which delivers to your doorstep. We were greeted with friendly service, countertop was clean, only a few tables but there is public seating outside during the summer. In terms of pricing, their combos are very reasonable, $8.99 for a pizza cone combo (with fries & drink), $2 additonal to poutine the fries. Poutine was amazing at a large portion, pizza cone's crust was cruchy and delicious. Not too greasy and it was made  to order. Will definitely come again to try out their warm sandwiches. Open till 10pm on most days.~fries fries sandwiches ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~IptsUkum8n6tkMAf9Ga4bQ~Food is good. I used to really like the cheese curds but they changed the recipe. Unfortunately, there is often a long wait. It's kind of loud.~cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~C85ddt4YZubYSsD1t9sRuQ~After being gone for two years, I was extremely excited about coming back to this restaurant and extremely disappointed to find the most hateful hostess waiting to seat me. There was not a welcoming smile or even look when she asked number of party. She then explained how to find our table and told us to go sit and she would bring the menus along. First impression of one of my favorite past times was horrible, however, the server was amazing and the food was delicious. Must try the honey-crisp  chicken salad!~honey chicken salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8ftVYeGAoOXhTCxau5W5iQ~Wonderful, cozy place in the heart of Scottsdale -- the Roaring Fork gets two thumbs up. Their jalapeo mac & cheese alone is worth visiting, but there are a lot of other delicious treats on the menu too. If you're a vegetarian, ask the server what your options are, there aren't many on the menu which is why its getting three stars from me. Once I asked my waitress about vegetarian options she told me all the dishes that could be converted to vegetarian which I greatly appreciated.   Their wine selection is absolutely amazing though, lots of delicious, quality wines for you to enjoy. I'd visit this place again if I'm back in the area!~cheese ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~rXRUXlfI3BjvbqX3ZBHtYg~My friends love this place. But let me be honest I did not like it at all. This place offers variety of food with lot of color in it. Also the chicken dint taste fresh. Well it was expected after counting the number of microwaves. I mean seriously "6 microwaves" to heat the food. This definitely explains why my food dint taste fresh. I am definitely not visiting this place again.  Price- Reasonable  Ambience- ok  Food- ok and not fresh~chicken ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~A-9T0PUe7nN_Brri3JSCnQ~Yummy! I liked how all of the ingredients were from local farmers. I tried the pork bibimbap. Very good. Large portion but veggies were crisp. I appreciated their American fusion of this dish. Also, I tried the mac with pulled pork. That was delicious. It was hard for me to focus on my meal when the cheesy goodness smell of the mac kept wafering near me. Nice open atmosphere.~pork pulled pork ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~WEclQx4xOCmMeBH7xTBRsQ~Honestly, I'm not really sure what all the hype is about. I will say, the location is great, and the servers I've encountered have been nothing but friendly and attentive.   However, the food just isn't that great. First of all, I wish they had more pork-free options on the menu that weren't vegetarian. The first time at Graze, I went with my mom, brother, and sister and we ordered a selection of stuff to share: cheese curds (good, though I slightly prefer those at dlux or merchant), cheese plate (again, decent, but nothing special) and a bibimbap bowl (I guess it was good, I'm a supertaster, so I sometimes like my food a little more bland than most people, but this wasn't even flavorful to me). On the plus side, their lemonade is always delicious.   All in all, it's pretty mediocre and doesn't live up to its image. I probably won't be back any time soon.~pork cheese cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tljs4DvJNKfCzCGgKyRYSw~Ambiance = 5 stars Food = 4.5 stars Service = 2.5 stars  The space is awesome - it feels like you are in New York or Chicago.  It is modern, yet very comfortable.  It has a modern farmhouse feel.  The food was really quite good.  My wife and I shared several dishes including the beet salad, mac and cheese with pulled pork, cheese curds, and the Graze burger.  For dessert, we split a piece of hickory nut pie - outstanding!  It was all very, very good.  I also enjoyed their beer selection.  The only downside was the service.  It was really SLOW.  We were there at 6:00p on a Tuesday - not exactly prime time.  We tried to be understanding as we were there on their 5th night of being open.  I hope they get the bugs worked out soon - we can't wait to go back!~beet salad mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F6H3S6JJrey7JQwbvDuyoQ~Quickly seated and great table service for coffee and refills. Loved the mini bacon waffles. Yum!~coffee bacon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~XNAV4t2iyqQnC4cjA_JWGQ~Conveniently located across from Firesky Resort- I was able to walk over and place my order.  I didn't call ahead, but it took approximately ten minutes to get my chicken flatbread.  It was sooo yummy and not too heavy.  I reccommend that as an entree!~chicken ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~vV8QbYMt1atp0NUylcC1Dg~Good call on the cutie sized cupcakes. They are smaller than a mini and the perfect size to indulge an afternoon sugar craving. Mhmmmm.~cupcakes ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JSmKvkvhxeY_4pbsAZ6X4g~The Happy Hour at Roaring Fork can't be beat.  If you have a chance to sit at the bar you can see Mike, aka Bar Ninja, make drinks super fast. They have drink specials and make a great gin martini with blue cheese olives for $5! We love the green chile pork, big a$$ burger, and the green chile mac and cheese. This place is packed for happy hour, so sometimes it is difficult to get a table, but if you are willing to hang out for a bit something will open up and it is definitely worth the wait! Also, sign up for the rewards card and you will get points that earn you discounts off your bill.~cheese pork burger mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~SCVnkIF78Abt1RKp-0CBjQ~I'm here with 10 people and we are each going to write a mini review! Ps everything is amazing!! - best service! Thank you Lisa!!!! - the baconnn mmmmm - everything is super fresh and the service is excellent - I must to come eat at the buffet wynn. Thanks god for America!!!!! - So I'm gluten free and I found sooo many options. I had the blue corn pancakes which were amazing. Unfortunately, Angela, the lady making the pancakes had a really bad attitude but thankfully the chocolate chips were sweet enough to change the bad taste in my mouth. Also the baby carrots were unreal, the chicken sausage was amazing and the iced coffee was delicious!! I also loved our waitress she was SO nice!!!  - Thank you for the amazing service Lisa. The omelette station was incredible! Along with the chicken sausage. For dessert I highly recommend the carrot cake and the sorbet.  - Wow first of all the fried chicken was amazing!! Highly recommend it. The shrimp is bomb but the cocktail sauce is aight. Do not get the orange juice it's really sweet and doesn't taste natural or fresh. Also stay away from the sushi you should go to a sushi restaurant if you want bomb bomb sushi not a buffet trust me. -fav part if breakfast was the yogurt parfait. Also, they had blue corn pancakes for those who are gluten intolerant. Ice cream looked really good just was too full to try!~corn pancakes pancakes chips chicken sausage coffee chicken sausage carrot cake fried chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~aJKxTKlMXdkXOClBCD4Y9g~Absolutely the best ever Seared Ahi Tuna (sushi grade Ahi tuna, hot pepper crusted and grilled rare, served sliced thin on top of was a bit slaw, drizzled w sweet soy, and sprinkled w tobiko). Absolutely the best  delicious appetizer!!!~tuna sushi tuna ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZwY7t5w4oX5xM0O9nqqKAg~Take-out diarrhea! We came here to try the Indian food because we had hear it was amazing. We ordered the butter chicken and rice. Worst choice ever. Why do all these cabbies eat here? This restaurant is located at the rear of the Toronto Reference Library and is the pit stop for most of the cab drivers there. That same night, I had a huge bowel movement the size of Texas and let's just say that this was the first and last time I'll ever eat here. Don't eat here please.~butter chicken ~1 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~q_3L_kXph7-gzprL63f7RA~BJ's is OK on occasion. My husband loves the mostly sauceless, tomato-strewn pan pizza. Me, not so much. However, the atmosphere seems fun (kind of loud, but that drowns out our usual loud talking). There are flatscreen TVs throughout the restaurant, in case a game or a major weather event (hurricane season) is on. The booth seating is comfy, and we see a lot of families, so it looks pretty kid-friendly as well.  I've tried various dishes here, such as sliders washed down with BJ's Hefeweizen. The sliders and thin fries were pretty darned yummy, and the 5 oz. taster-sized Hefeweizen was the perfect size (and price!) for a lightweight and/or someone who has to drive soon thereafter... I am not a beer connoisseur, so YMMV! On separate occasions, I've tried the Angel Hair Toscana dish, which was just OK and came with a side of garlic bread. I've had the French dip on a couple occasions, and that is highly recommended; I love a good au jus... The other night I tried the Field of Greens salad with candied pecans, feta, red peppers, and a balsamic vinaigrette; that was quite yummy. I coupled that with a taster-sized Berry Burst Cider, which is really sweet and hit the spot.  For dessert, the Cookies N' Cream Pizookie is quite good, so you might want to save room for that (be sure to share it with 1 or 2 more people ~ it s rich and should feed at least 2 The Apple version pales in comparison ~don't bother with that... Finally, I'm a caffeine fiend, so I was pleasantly surprised that their coffee does not taste like old socks.  I recommend BJ's for a casual night out. 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~xqG-KVolQayaY5w789EzZQ~Since I hadn't been to this Mexican chain before, I decided to give it a shot. My girlfriend and I decided to try lunch at Mad Mex since we both love Mexican food and are always open to trying new places. This one however, will not see us again most likely, unless we want to try some drinks. We started with chips and salsa, after seeing another table with the same. What we hadn't seen prior to ordering was the prepared state of the salsa. It looked more like tomato salad, as it had none of the juice of any of the ingredients. The flavor was good, but it was very dry; not what you anticipate when having salsa. From there, we both ordered burritos. The Mad Mex signature for her, and the wing burrito for myself. I had expected a decently sized burrito along with some sort of side, like rice or beans. Instead, I got a plate-sized rectangular burrito, with a questionable sauce topped on, and a small bit of lettuce and more of the salsa (really making it look like salsa salad now). To my surprise, the sides I was expecting were in the burrito. Rice and beans throughout, and, except for the meat (which I might add was added very sparingly), there was nothing else to my burrito. While filling, the burrito held a flavor which did not really kick in, despite asking for the hot wing sauce when ordered. After smothering it in hot sauce from the table, it was better, but only as good as a rice and bean burrito can really be. I have no problem with a vegetarian meal as such, but I would've liked to be told before ordering it. Overall, the food wasn't overpriced and the service was decent, but I also didn't get much of what I wanted either. Maybe we ordered the wrong things, and this place is truly great underneath it all. However, the chances of returning, especially with other great Mexican meals at Taco Bell and Plaza Azteca looming nearby, are very slim to none. Thanks for trying, but I'd rather not try it again, Mad Mex. Adios!~chips salsa salsa tomato salad salsa burritos burrito burrito burrito lettuce salsa salsa salad burrito burrito burrito burrito taco bell ~2 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~9ijBv31qvHD9HbGJ0zKq1g~I am an avid fan of yogurt, and yogurtland takes the cake for best yogurt around town. the red velvet flavor gets me. I love all the toppings you can add, plus you can load your bowl and be out of the place in under $5. strongly recommend yogurtland!~cake ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~7DfYMyiT2hak0IIZxLiPYw~A cute cupcake store in the heart of the financial district.  If you are not sure what you want, the mini sized cupcakes are a great option.  I tried both the vanilla cupcake with strawberry icing and the chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing.  I must say the flavors were very good and the cupcakes were very moist.  Although, the "real" strawberry flavor was a little over powering, I would definitely return to try the other flavor combinations.  Beware, there is a lot of icing packing into these cupcakes; if you are not a true sweets fan this place may not be for you.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~sLCZYOnVq0koBBQ1tfo4rA~The only one that is worth try is the strawberry one and it's because the icing does taste like real strawberries. The rest are just standard cupcakes you can buy anywhere else. I've tried cupcakes in i don't remember how many places and all of them are the same thing: a sponge type and TONS of FAT ICING, not evenr eal fruit. Cupcakes are out of my list as a treat.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Oywv1pY5p58GJ2Vnuc9adg~A gem...We went for my husbands birthday .we walked in and the bartender came right out and seated us. very friendly .. the restaruant has a rustic look that was very nice the waiter (Euan) came right over asked if we had ever been there before.we told him NO. he went over the menu and gave his recomendations. Well he said the  swordfish with roasted potatoes,cabage and bacon was his fav so I went with that and let me tell you,I am ever so glad I did.I was in food heaven. and the cheese cake was to die for I dont remember the correct name but it had apples and cranberries. As for my husbands meal I could tell you much except he cleaned his plate ...THANKS for a GREAT dining expierience...we will be going to eat there again and again and...............~bacon cheese cake ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~hcTdDLxfhr4-Y-3Qi2AXJA~A regular size cup cake for $3.  I visited during my lunch break, as i was roaming the underground PATH's of the Toronto financial district. I stumbled upon a small little bakery with a pretty catchy name. It was around 2:00 in the afternoon, already pretty late to be considered lunch. Even at that time there was a bit of a line; so i'm assuming this place gets even more crazy around prime hours.   After a long line I finally ordered a vanilla cupcake with vanilla icing. To be honest it was kind of disappointing, and the reason for this was the high expectations i had after such a long wait.  Kinda like watching the new Green Lantern movie. All the hype but no real bite to back it up lol.  The icing on it was pretty nice, but the cake itself was nothing special.  Also, i realized that alot of their stuff gets sold out pretty quickly so i suggest going a bit earlier if you are picky about your cup cake flavor.  Overall 3 stars Will i visit again?? Maybe if the huge sugar craving hits at the right moment and im in the area again~cake cake cake ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~ZA_iq3DBbpIoG9hLrEw_HA~What an experience! We love great food, we love amazing locations and experiences; this checked all the boxes 600%! Food was amazing: bison carpaccio and pork chops for me, grapefruit salad and salmon for my wife. Both entrees recommended by our our waiter Greg, and both fantastic recommendations! This was an amazing experience; great table, great food and great service (Greg). We will be back!!~pork grapefruit salad salmon ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6_tGz6c_2wl1SQimi4ItQQ~Absolutely fantastic brunch! The chicken and waffles was exceptional, "broasted" fried chicken which was tender on the inside, sweet, spicy and crunchy on the outside with sweet pickles. The bipinbap burrito was unlike anything I've had before. Filled with julienned veggies, pork, crispy rice, and a Kimchi-like mixture. The setting is cool: high ceilings, floor to ceiling blackboards with the meats and cheeses of the day, and the Capitol outside. I'd go back in a second!~chicken and waffles fried chicken ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~pQDv0Y8h-TqATd-J-qFFnA~This is a great soup, salad & sandwich place! They have a rather large venue and they do a good job of keeping majority of the tables clean. The employees were very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.  They have free garlic toasts & bread next to the salad bar. Free soft-serve ice cream!  Chicken Pot Pie soup is yummy. Looking forward to going back to try the Tomato Basil & Broccoli Cheddar.  My sandwich was nice and fresh. It could've used more mustard, because only some bites had it.  I also ordered a wrap, but in panini bread. They forgot to put it in the panini bread and served me a wrap. Not a big deal. Harmless mistake.  Good portion size. A half sandwich & soup fills you up.  Got a free cookie for filling out a quick survey on my phone.~soup salad sandwich garlic salad ice cream chicken pie soup tomato broccoli sandwich sandwich soup ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eWBZwsPjL9lQWdjB_MYFXw~I have not lived in Madison for almost a decade, but I always enjoyed L'etoile and the little cafe downstairs from the old space where they served fabulous little sandwiches to take back to my desk at the Capitol. So I was excited to try Graze, which is in a soaring space with nice views of the square.    We hit Madison just before dinner time, so we ordered from the more limited menu, but there were still plenty of good options. We ordered the pork buns, which were a pretty serviceable knock off of David Chang's Momofuku pork buns, but the slices of pork belly were a little on the skinny side, and I lost the umami hit of a thicker, glistening belly.  We also ordered the cheese curds and deviled eggs as appetizers, both of which were good. The cheese curds were reminiscent of the old Town Talk diner in Minneapolis, and were a little too plentiful for two people but would work for a group. The deviled eggs were a touch mustardy.   If we had stopped there, I think we would have come away pretty happy, but since we had skipped breakfast and lunch, we ordered the pub burger. Mistake. I was expecting a gastropub-style burger, something thicker and that would showcase the local beef. It turned out that it was basically a slider-style WI bar burger. We ordered it medium rare, but you basically can't cook a thin burger anything less than medium well. The burger was hard and dry, with flavors redolent of sawdust. My wife commented that it left her mouth devoid of saliva. I am sure a local, organic cow began the life cycle of this burger, but you would never know based on the hockey puck outcome.   I love and support farm to table, and I would come here again to try other dishes, but I would avoid the burger like the plague. Given the quality of the inputs that Graze has, I would expect a little more.~sandwiches pork pork pork cheese appetizers cheese burger burger beef burger burger burger burger burger ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~c_Sy3AAzuTU15CEXy01xHA~Oh Graze, how you disappointed me. As a foodie traveling with other foodies, we scoped out the Madison food scene prior to our work trip and pegged Graze as THE place we had to try. Glowing reviews, amazing location, an intriguing-looking menu...what could go wrong?!  Our party of 4 arrived around 6pm and the place was packed. We were given a 1-1.5 hour wait time. This place is tiny so waiting at the bar was not an option unless we wanted to stand over tables and hover on top of people trying to eat. We were given a pager so we went across the street to a dive bar called The Tipsy Cow (tip: go there instead! Great spot!) to wait. After an hour, we were paged so we returned.  The space here can generously be described as cramped. We squeezed into our small table and were consistently bumped repeatedly throughout the meal by servers passing through. The volume is loud here so expect to shout a bit while conversing. That being said, you cannot top the view: floor to ceiling glass windows overlooking the capitol building. Truly lovely and the best part of Graze for sure.  We started with a few small plates: cheese curds (of course), pork buns, truffle popcorn and soft pretzels. So, part of our quest was to try cheese curds everywhere we went on this trip and Graze is no exception. Where did they rank? Dead last. Our party unanimously agreed these curds were pretty nasty-- vodka batter served with house ranch and the flavors were horrific. We didn't finish the basket. First time!  The pork buns were paltry, basic and bland. I've had much better at a much cheaper price elsewhere. Not worth ordering as they are forgettable.  The truffle popcorn was a big miss. The basket remained full when the waitress took it away. We all took a single bite and found it to just be a misfire, plain and simple. While we appreciate the concept, the execution fails-- it's weird tasting ultimately and this feedback is coming from west coasters who hail from the land of putting "nutritional yeast" on popcorn at the movies voluntarily. We all felt its potential but it did not deliver. Do not order this.  The pretzels were very good. However, they are a very small portion so a party of 4 would need to order 2 of these. The pretzels were our group's favorite bite at Graze.  As for entrees, I ordered a fried chicken and waffles plate. I had big expectations, I cannot lie. Where I live in Oregon, we have a waffle food truck that makes this exact meal for $6 and it's out of this world, so going to a "gourmet" place to try their version smelled like nirvana. Sadly, 'twas not to be. First, the portions were RIDICULOUSLY HUGE. It was offensively big, honestly. WTF. Who needs that much food?! I wish I had taken a picture. I felt embarrassed having it front of me because I felt like a huge pig. So, despite the insane size, the chicken itself was black on the outside. Black. Beyond charred. Burned black. Ok, so it's going to be a carbon experience. Got it. Still, I plowed onward and cut into that black bird and found-- surprise!! Bone dry chicken! What a shock when it's burned black to have it be inedible and dry.  The waffle was subpar. Too big, too soggy, zero flavor. It came with syrup which I attempted to douse the food with in an attempt to get some sort of flavor-- maybe the syrup was the secret ingredient that pulled it together and made it come alive? Nope. I took 2 bites and couldn't eat another. My group all tried it and they agreed with me that it was just bad food, period.  One person with me ordered the pub burger, served on an english muffin of all things. He found it to be very average, questioned the $11 price tag and missed a decent bun. English muffin, while it's obvious they are trying to be trendy and different, ultimately reads kind of cheap, sorry.  Finally, one person got the trout and was very pleased, so that was a success at least. Drinks and service were also top-notch.  After our huge expectations and our disastrous results, we bailed on dessert-- we lost interest and we all agreed we wished we had stayed at The Tipsy Cow and gotten a bar burger instead. Overall, our experience with Graze was sadly disappointing and a huge letdown after we went in with such high expectations and excitement. None of us would return.~cheese pork popcorn cheese pork popcorn popcorn fried chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~YgyQgwEWQjLCTeAJIaTtnQ~Service is great, good wine selection and great happy hour in the bar. Make sure you get the green chile pork and a Big Ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~Ww_JunAkx2-c70HyrYn6sw~Always get the shredded pork to go with coleslaw and beans to make my own BBQ salad at home. Geat BBQ 25cent wing night on Mondays..grilled!~pork coleslaw salad ~5 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~qtP08au5ZHSOaF_1T_4c9A~Love this place.  Buffalo chicken breast on a pretzel bun was amazing. Love the atmosphere too!~chicken ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~npYq2APAAI2KutRKlVE3YA~There is a lot of hype about Prairie Girl and it even comes up on lists that include it as some of the best cupcake places in Toronto.  When we were visiting Toronto we figured we would swing by and try this place for an after lunch treat.     We ordered the weekly special mini-cupcakes which were "Chocolate Monkey" and "Lemon Coconut". (2 of each).   We were disappointed that the cupcakes were not moist and actually on the dry side.  It was almost as they were not fresh.    The lemon in the lemon coconut in the centre was good. The frosting was a nice butter cream with toasted coconut.  The cupcake body was not fresh.   In terms of the chocolate, it was a cute mini with a candy banana slice on top.   The butter cream had a slight banana flavour, but the chocolate cupcake was again, dry and pretty much all that was tasted was the flavour of chocolate.    Overall, it was not what we were expecting, but we would give them another chance when we are in the area.~cupcakes lemon coconut cupcakes lemon lemon coconut butter coconut banana butter banana ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rH6hPC3b_FYu8bvWNTUNQQ~I was feeling indecisive amongst my Madison bookmarks and proferred the wife to make a selection amongst my selections. I hardly had to spit out the word Graze and its connotations before she made that her choice. I didn't complain; a bit of homework led me to understand that Graze is run by a Bearded chef. That's Beard, as in James Beard. Shaken, not stirred.  Graze sits a modest, modernist glass case of emotion directly across from the Capitol. It's connected to its sister restaurant, the starry-eyed named L'Etoile. The view from either is quite spectacular.  Of course, a place that calls itself Graze screams farm to table, though exactly what farms are left unclear by the menu. The menu, like the chef-owner, has a Korean slant to it, with Wisconsin farm overtones. It also has a $21 burger purported to be one of the best in America.  It is perhaps unfair that I had just eaten the best burger in Chicago, the meticulously simple concoction at Au Cheval. So, and especially for a Jackson plus Washington, there was barely a chance for Graze's burger to equate. Graze's burger is good, and there are parts that are great--the tangy caramelized onions, the delicious on-the-side aioli, and the wonderful fried egg I stole from my wife's bibimbap bowl.  Here's where it falls short. The first is the at times delicious and at other times overtly sour-acidic patty. It's a combination of bacon, sirloin, ground beef, and short rib, and if you just drooled on your phone or computer screen a little, it's OK. That all sounds as mouth-watering as it should, but the patty was a little too big, didn't hold together well enough, and was splashed with just too much Worcestershire-cabernet jus, killing the proper taste of the meat. The second is the fact that the burger plain done fell apart, whether from too much jus, too much meat, or my daft idea that a stolen fried egg would be the cherry on top. Burgers. Shouldn't. Fall. Apart. Period. (And if they do, as in they are meant to, you had better dang well wrap the sucker in white paper first.)  Extremely high expectations for the burger aside, the meal went really well. The cheese curds, a delicacy we had to order, this being Wisconsin and all, were fantastic. Special kudos to the house ranch that tasted a mite like tartar sauce, a plus for me. The pickle board was also a great deal of fun, with six different pickled plates ranging from kimchi to beets in a citrus vinaigrette. Yes, kimchi--remember the Korean thing.   As we hadn't had Korean food during our duration in Chicago, now approaching eight months, the wife narrowed in on the bibimbap bowl. The gochujang and its spiciness set her back a bit, but the bowl was chock full of fresh, delicious vegetables and marvelous blocks of crispy fried rice. Even at its price point, the bibimbap was tasty and impressive.  Too full for dessert, I'll call the night here. Graze is a great space with charming, inviting decor and a solid wait staff. If the burger had been mindblowingly good and worth the price tag, this would be a five-star review. But like I said, it was a high bar to reach, and a fantastic meal nonetheless.~burger burger burger burger egg patty bacon beef patty burger egg cherry burgers white burger cheese fried rice burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~C58v-o_K0vlFGcyLTSnR5w~Full disclosure: one way or another, I have only been to Roaring Fork for the Happy Hour, but the happy hour is darn good. You can, and you should, get that kettle of green chili pork or the big-ass burger, or better yet, share the two with someone nice. The huckleberry margarita is so good, I've had three in one sitting (no, I wasn't driving!). I fully intend to get over there for dinner soon, because I keep seeing the sugar cured duck on the menu and just thinking about it right now my mouth is watering. It gets pretty busy during the happy hour, though, so be prepared to wait a little if your party is large.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~QCNlc_7uzqlHU1pK99PIMQ~Great location and ambiance.   The food is more in the OK area.  Green chilli pork was really good but the tortilla soup and bad ass burger just OK.  The place seem to be always packed so be patient.  A little price for what you get but a good place to have a couple of drinks, ok food and a good conversation.  Cheers~pork soup burger ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~9EvC_UClOIVOl992A1Pnpg~Few years ago, this place was great.  Now, I'm disappointed.  Went last week and had the Chili Chicken with rice.  It was very greasy and didn't taste very good.  They put the food in the microwave.  Came out 1/2 hot and 1/2 cold.  There is much better out there.~chicken ~2 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~fJQFC6nr0ldRI0ycOElh-g~When you need a frozen yogurt fix yummy!! Love yogurt land flavors and their toppings.~frozen yogurt ~5 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~UklRiyiboiLDASkO_0BQSg~Such a wide variety of choices.  Extremely juicy burger.  Great taste.  Did I mention the endless variety of burger combinations?  All kinds of game meat and chicken.~burger burger chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AfO9b1xOnqupU_18z_-BeA~Happy hours here are the best. Always busy but always attentive service. Their burger is massive and very fresh, while only being 10 bucks. Fish tacos and chicken flatbread are also superb. Drinks are great as well, even as a 'bourbon and beer sort of guy', I still enjoyed the huckleberry margarita. Certainly a great spot, just be sure to get there early for happy hour as seating can be a challenge.~burger tacos chicken ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~5bY-DIl9a5wfHZWwlEWqcQ~I had pretty high expectations for honey bears and they definitely followed through! YUMMY! We got the chicken and ribs combo and you really don't need teeth to eat it!..... totally melt off the bone, tender, yummy goodness.    Usually my friend and I talk each others ears off when we are out and tend to ignore food/drinks... I am pretty sure we were completely silent devouring our food until we were licking our fingers clean!   They do have specials each day of the week. Tuesday was 2-4-1 beers :)  This is a no frills kind of place. Just order, wait for it at the counter, grab a seat and enjoy.  Its kind of great though... you know exactly what you're getting... no need for 'atmosphere' or attentive customer service because the food speaks for itself.    My only gripe was that they don't have cornbread, which is disappointing at a BBQ place. Instead dinner comes with disappointing white bread rolls.  I wouldn't call the location particularly sketchy.  There is a big parking lot and its right on Central Ave near lots of nicer places too.~honey chicken ribs white ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~0BBZg0JoOmH_hCajyifKsw~I'm beginning to think that whatever Mad Mex I dine at, I'm going to get great service, great food, and a great atmosphere to enjoy it in.  My friend from Columbus was in today to get ready for a job interview tomorrow, he's worked at OSU for years and he wants to teach at CMU. So after he checked in he phoned me and we met at Mad Mex in Robinson.  He gushed about the Mad Mex that recently opened in The Gateway on High St. in Columbus, saying it was one of the hottest restaurants in all of Columbus, and how lucky we are here to have one close to every neighborhood. I ordered the Mission Shipwrecked Double IPA and he had Rogue John John Dead Guy Heller Bock.   Our waitress was so understanding, we decided to enjoy our beers before ordering, and she said "Sure, enjoy, I'll come back and take your orders when ready." So we talked, caught up and enjoyed our libations. Finally I got hungry (and a little buzzed from drinking a double IPA with a specific 12% alcohol listing), I ordered the black bean soup, and Happy Hippy burrito. He had the Mad Mex Burrito with steak and said it was every bit as good, if not better than the Mad Mex in Columbus.  Sure, it's not authentic, it's Cali-Mex, it's fresh, healthy, and I'm sure glad we have the Big Burrito group here in the Burgh!~soup burrito burrito steak burrito ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~r5ZnukBxfAge9g7SanC_3Q~Vegetarians Beware!   Went to Graze for dinner and came home hungry because I'd rather not cobble a meal together out of sides.  My husband got the mac and cheese, because he is apparently 11 years old... or because it is the only vegetarian meal option.  It's certainly sized for an 11 year old.  I had a mixed vegetable salad that was approximately four little carrots and a fried hash brown drizzled in oil.  It was infuriating that this paltry excuse for a salad cost more than a companion's beefy burger and fries!  And as far as the ambiance goes: Graze feels nothing like New York or Chicago, as one reviewer wrote.  But then again, I suppose it does have the "je ne sais quoi" of the Au Bon Pains at LaGuardia or O'Hare.  It features the same deafening, echoey acoustics, high prices, and food court seating... but at least they have decent vegetarian options.~mac and cheese ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F1V4GACfhaJ3dRw_VQRQGA~Had the lunch buffet. It was just OK. There were a few items that were good but most things were very ordinary and basic. Service was poor and the coffee was horrible.~coffee ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~8UR6TxFNEFBPh1qZk0x_iQ~So Jillian and I are reviewing it's amazing restaurant right on the strip district in Pittsburgh - Luke Wholeys Wild Alaskan Grill.  We talked it over and decided this was one of the best meals we've had stateside - outstanding!!   We started off sharing a sushi roll with my sister from another mister, Kristen Hancock, her husband Luke and their little boy Wyatt - a roll they call the Kitchen Sink.  Yellowtail, spicy tuna, salmon and tuna - and it was fantastic!!    After that we all went into our zones and that's when amazing went into overdrive!   Jillian had the ahi tuna, seared and topped with two kinds of tobego - one infused with lemon reduction that had her inhaling it. SHE LOVED IT!!!!!  KRISTEN did the soft shell crab sandwich and Luke the shrimp Po-boy and everyone had smiles around the table a mile wide.    Im looking around checking out what the other tables were having - and the waiter made the decision easier for me:  I first decided to go with their Bloody Mary topped with spicy shrimp and maple bacon. It was so amazing I can barely type the rest of this review as my knees got totally week.  All of the olives, pickles and have of the maple bacon went to my co-reviewer -).   After that I moved right onto the lobster bisque that was truly one of the best I ever had. Chunks of lobster crme frache perfectly mixed together into a fantastic warm soup on a beautiful spring afternoon.  But I wasn't done there.  Oh no, because on their menu they offer something called the steel city lobster roll - which is essentially an amazing lobster roll topped with their incredible lobster bisque as a bit of a gravy. So good, so good, so good!!!  The service was fantastic, they even took care of my pups with water under the table and we all had a spectacular spectacular lunch!  Id fly back to Pittsburgh food just to eat their food.  We really enjoyed spending time with Luke himself the owner who returns out at one time lived on 89th and fifth - just a few blocks away from me in NYC  Bravo!!!~sushi tuna salmon tuna tuna lemon sandwich shrimp shrimp bacon pickles bacon soup lobster roll lobster roll ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~On_znw9tpdoN_GpEMVm5cQ~It is Saturday night, I am hungry and I am sitting here wishing I could head to Mad Mex.  We used to live close to Mad Mex Robinson and it was our go to place when we wanted good reliable food and beer in a relaxing atmosphere.  As others have mentioned the food isn't authentic Mexican but it is delicious and fresh.    They have great vegetarian/vegan options too.  The chick pea chili burrito is an all time favorite.  The salsas and guacamole are flavorful and fresh.  Have I mentioned the beer?  They always have a wide array of seasonal beers on tap and if you get there during Happy Hour even better.    Viva Mad Mex!~burrito ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dXxA9259q6YSje58lxZtzg~Love this place!! They're a farm to table type of restaurant, sourcing their food from local places. The have the BEST cheese curds in the state of Wisconsin hands down. I've lived here my whole life and they are by far the best. Their Mac and cheese is phenomenal as well. I also enjoy the pickle board and salads. The staff is always friendly, so that's bonus as well!~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JYSNKvg0vyAK5DMS4mZyXQ~For breakfast, this buffet is a bit over-priced ($18.95) and not really that good. Runny scrambled eggs, a long omelet line, all types of non-breakfast items for those who can't distinguish between day and night, plus really weak coffee. I tried the Cafe in the Wynn and was much happier.  I'm afraid the House gets the best of you with this "sucker breakfast"~coffee ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~pK-ZZAiiLkOw6aD_Ix69-A~I had the salmon beet salad and the salmon was fresh and delicious.  I didn't partake in the Bloody Mary, (except for a taste of the bacon) but it was the most well presented bloody mary I have ever seen, and the candied bacon garnish was delicious. Our server was friendly. I'd definitely come back here.~salmon beet salad salmon bacon bacon ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~hUt8B-fi6mlx2EPoejnXKQ~BJ's has a very large menu, too large I think. When you have large chain restaurants with huge menu's you already know that they are trying to cater to the masses rather than producing a really quality specialty item. For the most part I was pleased with my order. I went with the Creole Tilapia, which is on their under 575 calorie menu. I considered the Chicken A La Fresca but the waiter advised me that it wasn't that great. I was very appreciative of his insight and honesty. The beer they serve was pretty good as well. On tap they have everything from a light beer to a nutty oatmeal stout. If you aren't sure what you're in the mood for then BJ's is a good place to go as they have descent food and tons of it.~chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~VmM3hqLFSGjUfQhbdJ2z2w~My wife and I made a jaunt up to Madison, and spent a significant part of Saturday at the Allen Centennial Garden, which I can't recommend highly enough.  They have an edible section of the garden, and also an herb garden, and there was a little sign directing people to "Graze" where the herbs are used in their cocktails. Sold!  Actually, the "10 Babcock Drive" wasn't that good of a cocktail. It talked a big game about the herb infusions and an herb-tincture, so I was expecting to be blown away by a garden-fresh experience.  There was some aroma, but the overwhelming taste was lemon juice; I think they could do better on this one-- I know I could.  We "grazed" our way through various appetizers including the pork buns, beet salad, and deviled eggs. Portions were on the small side, but tasty.   So why 4 stars? Well, partly it was the ambience (extremely high ceilings, surprisingly cosmopolitan decor-- plus, feel under the seats for foam that helps keep the din to a dull roar), partly it was the company of my lovely wife, and maybe some of my satisfaction was sunstroke-based (I should have worn a hat at the garden), but actually I've got two words for you: pickle board. Somewhere recently, maybe Lucky Peach, I was reading about the rise in sort of "vegetarian charcuterie". I scoffed, because to me charcuterie means meat, and it's sacrilegious to say otherwise, but some of those photos looked pretty fun, I *do* like pickled daikon, and I've found lately with charcuterie boards that I can have some vicious heartburn afterwards, so I figured I'd best keep an open mind.  After having had several fairly small plates, we were pleasantly surprised to find ample portions of each of the half-dozen pickled vegetables.  All were uniquely tasty, with different levels and different types of brine.  My wife declared that she was full after a couple nibbles from each plate, but then couldn't stop picking up her chopsticks to get more. Highlights of the board included the earthy and spicy kim-chee, and the pickled ramps, which were crisp, sweet, and tangy. My wife finished those off.  It was a little pricey, but we had a great time, and I'd definitely go back.  Maybe next time we'll take a stab at the $21, Rachel Ray approved, burger ...~lemon appetizers pork beet salad peach burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~1EYqQ_4_DLARq131invxWA~Love this restaurant!  Western/Contemporary/Casual-with-FLAIR!  Their signature green chile mac 'n cheese is a do-not-miss when you eat here and the Big A*s burger is worth the extra miles on the treadmill! Only drawback:  No Live Music (hint-hint RF mngmt.......................)~cheese burger ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~BDkPL1zIbXjgXlwQkdYjPg~This place is awesome. You get your money's worth of food and it's fast and delicious. Best butter chicken in  downtown core in my book.~butter chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~pqpt1X7bV_vRhwkia3A05g~Giving it 4 stars now since the price tag on a Monday is $20.99 ($7 extra for bottomless Bloody Marys or Mimosas) and the food items were very appealing.  Table service was fair.   Brunch menu was very good. Had my fair share of seafood. Mmm, snapper, sea bass, mahi mahi . . . yay!  I ate so much, I came home sick. Literally. Note to self: do not mix waffles with sea bass. And pecan bars. Or coffee ice cream. Ew and ugh.  RECOMMEND if the price point is around $20.~coffee ice cream ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~b_96vWBS5zDhjtQYGXRX3A~The 2nd time I went here to take out some out of town friends and they enjoyed it with a few minor mishaps.  Didn't see as much fusion on the menu as touted but it's probably a safer bet.  Some of the highlights were the roasted beet salad, the roasted chicken, and some sort of goat cheesecake.  A good place to go for a special occasion.~beet salad chicken ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~-e-FAUdG1Uf35uhrwWYV2g~I have been to the Mad Mex in Shadyside many times, but I had not been to the Mad Mex in Robinson until last week, and I ended up going twice! I went for Happy Hour one day, and the it was a great crowd. They have a nice selection of beers on draft, and have an IPA week coming up (not sure what that means exactly, but I am excited for it nonetheless...). Good Happy Hours are hard to find these days, Happy Hour there is exactly that - good deals on beer, drinks, and appetizers. We had the trio of dips - the jalepeno pinapple is my new favorite!  On Sunday I picked a friend up from the airport and we wanted to find somewhere we could eat and watch the Superbowl, and this was the perfect spot for that. It wasn't overly crowded like many of the sports bars, and once again our waitress was super friendly. I had a margarita and the shrimp taquitos - both were very good. I'm not sure I would use the word "authentic" but as long as it tastes good, I don't really care.~appetizers shrimp taquitos ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~WkZIdMbxNHDfWqPhXjz_TA~Service could be a lot more better , couldn't tell who worked there or not since it looked like they just pulled in people off the street and asked them to work that day , well that's the feel i got when I glanced back into the kitchen . My boyfriend and I got 2 #1 which was a sandwich with one side and a drink , I got pork he got chicken , both were a bit dry until you added that sauce which was DELISH , as I walked up to the counter to grab our order to go , I noticed all the guys had gathered up front to , you guessed it , check me out right In front of my boyfriend. Other than that , our food was alright , nothing really stood out or caught my attention besides the BBQ sauce .~sandwich pork chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~AA8W4zzUma-HI3zQ02ljww~I know I am going to cause a major heart attack with all the Wynn lovers on here, but I came with very high expectations and left sorely disappointed!    We ate a bit early, around 5:30 on a Saturday evening.  There was no line and we were seated within 5 minutes. The price was $82 bucks with tax for 2 people.  I was expecting for this kind of money to get the best buffet food I've ever had in my life.  Unfortunately my expectations must have been too high.    First of all, service!  We waited about 20 minutes before our server showed up to get our drink order.  This is unacceptable, especially during a time like this when the place was pretty slow.  Then, she never came back after she dropped the drinks off.  Our empty plates stayed on the table quite a while before they were picked up.  Secondly, food quality.  This place had the worst quality food I've had in my life.  EVERYTHING we had sucked.  I'm sorry, but dumping a bunch of salt on some overcooked asparagus does not make it better!   The pork tenderloin was dry and had way too much fennel seed on it!  The pizza was greasy and leathery.    The sea bass was very boring, no flavor to it at all.  I had a couple of pastas, and they were all overcooked and lacking in flavor.  The mashed potatoes appear to be fake, but they were ok.  I had some wanton dumpling thing from the chinese area, and it tasted like a bad science project.   The rack of lamb tasted like ASS!  I was ready to leave after biting into it, but then I realized I still hadn't tried any desserts.  So, onto the good things... The fresh carved turkey was awesome!  The prime rib was delicious!  And the crab legs are gigantic, and easy to get lots of meat out of them so you don't have to work up an appetite trying to eat them.   That's about it... Turkey, crab legs, and prime rib.  If those 3 meats are your thing, you're gonna love this place, otherwise LOOK ELSEWHERE!  Desserts were all so-so.  They have fresh crepes made to order, but my local breakfast place that makes crepes does a much better job, so I didn't finish my crepe.  I had some coffee ice cream with oreo cookie on top.  The ice cream was all coffee bean and no cream!  ICK!   The carrot cake was pretty good.  Overall, this place has only a few things you will enjoy, the rest will make some starving country in Africa pissed off that you wasted your food!!  I would say you really should go elsewhere for a good buffet, the Rio's buffet is much better and a bit cheaper... But it's not my favorite either.  Maybe my food tastes are getting too discriminating, but for $37 bucks I think I'd rather go to a nice sit down restaurant on the strip rather then eat food for the masses!~asparagus pork fennel lamb desserts desserts coffee ice cream oreo ice cream coffee carrot cake ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FHQKE6jKdL_WYLmE3T32hw~A visit to Graze is never a bad decision.  The locale on the square is spot on, service is always friendly, floor to ceiling windows make it feel bright and open, and the Sassy Cow cheese curds...best in Madison. Hands down. Get in my mouth. And don't bother arguing with me that the Old Fashioned does 'em better, I've already tuned you out. The batter is light, the cheese abundant and the house ranch that comes with compliments in the best of ways. I'd also highly recommend the Pork Buns, Fried Chicken and Waffle and/or the Bibimbap.~cheese cheese pork fried chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ElN1GeD0PJiLnfekUDd1pQ~Fantastic happy hour! Our Big Ass Burger was exactly that...HUGE! And perfectly cooked. And really great French fries.   The huckleberry margarita was delicious.  We really enjoyed sitting out on the patio.   And our server, Sarah, was outstanding. Excellent service. Great attitude. She really made our dining experience special. Thank you, Sarah!~burger french fries ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tkhlYLhj9Jjk-ZNhAdnUew~"A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds." At least, that's what I keep telling myself. Otherwise, why would I keep going to buffets when I don't care for them that much? Maybe it's more like "insanity is performing the same action over and over, but expecting a different result."  In any case, I've tried Wynn's buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The restaurant is pretty, and tables are spaced nicely apart. Service is friendly; coffee and drinks arrive promptly. There's a wide variety of food at all meals.  What I've tried has generally been decent. For breakfast, that included: a muffin; some sort of smoked fish; two Chinese dishes that I had never heard of before (one with beef, the other I forget); a type of link sausage. The omelet station looked good, there were a lot of fruit and pastries available, as well as Mexican dishes.  For lunch, I did a better job of taking notes. I had: *  Prime rib. This was not the traditional whole prime rib, cut into rare pieces by a carver. It was already carved slices of meat, apparently cooked after being sliced. That being said, it was a hit: slightly pink, with a little crispy fat, tender, flavorful. Rating: very good+. *  Jerk chicken. Truly spicy, and not overcooked. Very good. *  Kobe meatballs. Slightly spicy, good texture. Good to very good. *  Smoked sturgeon. Good. *  Tempura rock shrimp. Good to very good. *  Salmon and scallop ceviche. Ok flavor and texture, but nothing special. Good. *  Red snapper. Juicy, good flavor; not overcooked. Very good. *  Roll. Average. Desserts: *  Madelaine. Fair. *  Lemon curd tart. Good. Would have been very good, but the lemon flavor was not sour/intense enough. *  Creme brulee. Surprisingly, the sugar was properly caramelized and crackly. However, the cream was too soft. Good to very good. *  Chocolate mousse with brownie pieces and walnuts. The mousse was not too sweet, with a rich, dark chocolate flavor. The brownie chunks and walnuts were a good addition. Very good. *  Peanut butter cookie with candied peanuts. Good.  For dinner, I was too lazy to bother taking notes. There was a wide variety of foods; quality was on a par with lunch.  My conclusion? The Wynn buffet is pretty good. In fact, it's better than he other buffets I've tried. For all I know, it's the best, but it's still a buffet. The food is decent but not outstanding, so why bother?~coffee beef sausage pastries chicken meatballs tempura shrimp salmon ceviche desserts lemon lemon peanut butter ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_pnRURgWRToGnphSAVu5mw~First off I would like to say I interviewed Chef Tory for a sustainable themed class about a year ago. He was an incredibly open and informative person. As a head chef of two of Madison's top tier restaurants I found it incredible he was willing to sit down with a college student and explain not only the concept of Graze but also his own background.  The concept behind Graze is local sustainable cooking. In a day and age when it would be much easier and cheaper to get ingredients from Sysco or some other food distributor I think it is commendable to purchase from farmers. Chef Tory informed me, that although they do it partially because it is better for the environment, another motivating factor is the freshest and tastiest ingredients come from farmers who are not across the country from the restaurant.  The menu is incredibly adventurous and with a seasonally changing menu will continually afford new options. My personal favorite dish from the part of the menu which does not change is the Bipimbap. For the seasonal menu the Beet Burger with blue cheese and walnuts was incredible.   Graze also has a great selection of local beers on tap and bartenders who know how to make a mean cocktail!   And to top it all off, the space makes you feel as if you are in a restaurant in down town New York with a gorgeous view of the capital square!~beet burger cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JJWHmcTndnmOFHY-5Frg_Q~My sister and I had lunch here yesterday in their outdoor courtyard, which afforded excellent people-watching and views of the capitol building. I had been longing for a menu with a little flare of creativity after a few days on my trip of indulging in the down-home pleasures of fish fry and smoked ribs and cheese curds: Graze offered some nice variety and color. I had the beet and walnut burger, which was flavorful albeit a little more oily than I expected. The pretzel with mustard and cheese on the share menu was really awesome, definitely the highlight. My sister had the black currant lemonade and grilled cheese-both tasty. The waiter was very easy-going and warm.~ribs cheese beet burger cheese currant cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UzjUpEzVhjAZdmx6FISruQ~My first official "Vegas" buffet was here at the Wynn. For $45 per person for dinner (coffee and soft drinks included), I believe the selection of food were really decent ( had three full plates of food that n ight). Whenever I go to buffet, I usually never get the carved ham or steak as I'm not really into those. I usually get a lot of fish and seafood like Salmon, Shrimp, and Crab Legs!! I tried basically a bit of everything and everything was really good. I really loved their thin crust Caprese pizza, it was really good and the cheese they use is absolutely orgasmically good!! I also got some artisanal cheese along with dried figs, grapes, and walnuts they had in their cheese station and they were really good too.   They have many creative dishes here as well. Lines tend to move quickly to enter the restaurant as well as on the buffet line. For some unknown reason, there was a line for Sushi and Crab leg stations. I'm not too big on buffet style Sushi so I skipped it and got in line for crab legs.   The atmosphere is very casual and fit for families with kids, although no kids are running around acting all boisterous here, so PLEASE bring your manners and classiness here. Desserts are nice, nothing out-of-this-world but satisfied our sugar craving after dinner with some coffee. Service was friendly and server made sure that we got our soft drink refills and consistently came back to check up on us. Not a bad place to try for a first-time Vegas buffet!! Next time will definitely be the Bacchanal buffet at Caesar's Palace!!~coffee steak salmon shrimp cheese cheese grapes cheese sushi sushi desserts coffee ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~LB-kn08IcO5AzfLOoDOOsg~i've visited 3 mad mex locations in Pittsburgh (Robinson, Oakland, & Greentree) and have yet to go wrong. on this particular visit, my friend and i took advantage of coupons for free burritos that we'd been sent via email for signing up for the Mad Mex mailing list. They aren't bombing my inbox too frequently except for the things I'd like to know about (like new beer selections available.) The Robinson location is in a corporate looking building but once you're inside, you'd never know it. We visited around lunch time. The music was good. There were tables available inside and outside and we had our pick. Our server was terrific, giving us plenty of time to figure out what we wanted to order. My friend tried the russion stout on nitro tap which was a good time. The food was as great as I've come to expect from Mad Mex. I didn't care for the toritilla soup that came as part of my  meal--but that was on me. There were other selections available that may have better suited my tastes, for sure. I'm used to a more spicy tortilla soup so my expectations weren't met there but that isn't Mad Mex's fault! The carnitas burrito was delicious and the blue cornbread a perfect pairing. I'd visit any of the Max Mex locations I've been to so far again & wouldn't hesitate to explore other locations. The service and food seem consistent so far and when I'm craving sit-down tex-mex, I'd visit Mad Mex again.~burritos soup soup carnitas burrito ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TsVqlP4aGE2sRZwsryq4Vw~I've passed Roaring Fork multiple times on Scottsdale Road, wasn't until Yelp and the great reviews that we decided to give it a try and head over.  Perfect timing for us too because it was happy hour.  I had a guava mojito (litte sour and wish it had been shaken) but it was still good.  Then we had the green chile pork, tortilla soup, and split a burger.  The food was amazing. Loved the pork. Service was great, we had Ally, very friendly and attentive.  Will go back again and again!~guava pork soup burger pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~iKvrn4hSgPFeXpKyZvvX6Q~The chocolate ice cream & coffee ice cream are the best!!!  The rest of the food was just okay.  If I was a seafood lover, I'd probably be a lot more impressed, but I'm not.  We came here on a Friday around 2:30 for lunch because it's significantly cheaper than coming for dinner and on the weekend.  At about 3:30 they changed to dinner and the crab legs came out, which made a bunch of my friends happy.  Overall, it was okay, but not wonderful.  The ice cream was the highlight for me.  SO GOOD!~ice cream coffee ice cream ice cream ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~yv-qdHBuKftyU3Q9T1UMgg~The food and service was excellent. We had mussels and Bibimbap plus cheese curds. And let's not forget dessert.~cheese ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~lflQXc9KXgyCFKGwURUe6w~Love this place it's always fun times.  Make sure you come early or you can be waiting for a seat but it's well worth it.  The food is amazing can't wait till my bison burger gets here.  The pizza is fantastic and the pizzoki for dessert is the best. If your looking for a good craft beer tap list it's pretty well done.~burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~JySp1YGsT41erXzNG_afjw~Not to shabby.  Went on a Saturday night.  They had a half rack rib special with 2 sides for 12.99.  This was totally worth it.  I ate every bite.  Ribs fell off the bone.  The sauce is where it's at.  Nuff said.~ribs ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~rSpwM-gb62tS9Uo7v-kgvQ~I've been to Bliss/reBAR twice so far, once for an event and just the other day for a great lunch on the patio.  The service has been very good each time.  I love the outdoor patio space and the circular bar with the rebar tree.  The food is solid so far as well.  I shared an order of "comfort cheese crisps" with BBQ chicken and onions.  Tasty stuff.  Then I shared a caesar salad and a bliss burger, loaded.  I particularly enjoyed the burger.  The bottom line is that I really love the outdoor space here for the nice weather - outdoor dining and relaxing at it's best.~cheese bbq chicken ~3 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~WsNzdMWtQCPKdLfHTiey7w~Came in to use my Free Birthday Burrito and DAMN, was it delicious.  I was flying solo so I sat at the bar.  The bartender was very nice, I think his name was Heath.  He helped me order a Wingo-rito with Inferno sauce and it was awesome.  I think this location is going to be my new fav Mexi-merican restaurant.  Keep up the good work guys!~burrito ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Hr9YqwKY0jMrB_JCRUetmg~I liked Graze, I was not as blown away by it as I had expected which was a little disappointing.  Don't get me wrong, I liked it and would say it is worth the trip!  I do like the focus on supporting local farmers because that is important to me -  the overt way it is advertised in the restaurant is another factor that leads me to believe that Madison is the inspiration for Portlandia and not actually Portland.  Sorry for the sidetrack.....back to Graze.   I moved to Madison from Chicago, and found that Graze's menu reminded me of "some restaurants that I used to know.".  The menu was a lot like Hearty (where my boyfriend used to work) and I ordered the Steamed Mussels because it seemed similar to the mussels at Hopleaf.  I had orderer's remorse on that one, not because they were not good(they were no Hopleaf mussels), but because I felt like they would have been better as a starter course and not my entree.  wish I could remember what cocktail I had because it was delicious!   We tried the Crawfish Beignets - fabulous.  My boyfriend got the burger which was also great.  The service was friendly and the ambiance nice - no complaints there!  I am interested to try their brunch menu - overall, I would say give Graze a try!~burger ~3 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~R2BhxTWd4MgRY6RknoT5XA~I don't know anything about how authentically Irish the food, decor, or general ambiance is.    What I do know is that ALL of the meat in this restaurant is sourced locally, and is pastured - in the case of the beef, it's 100% grass-fed.  As someone who will ONLY eat local pastured meats, and therefore is limited to vegetarian or pescetarian choices in restaurants, this is an AMAZING gift!  To be in a restaurant that goes out of its way to use these kinds of meats is phenomenal.  To all those who complain about the prices - I guarantee you they are VERY reasonable for this kind of meat!  ...and worth every penny, as far as I'm concerned.    They also use these great paper to-go boxes instead of styrofoam.  I'm thrilled to support any business that goes that much out of its way to support the environment and other local businesses and small agriculture.  As far as the good goes, what we had was awesome.  A couple of Irish coffees (one traditional, one Baileys) to get us warm after coming in from the cold weather, an appetizer of Irish nachos, and entrees were fish-n-chips and shepherd's pie... after the food was so fabulous, we had to try the desserts, even though it meant taking a lot of it home in the aforementioned boxes.  The flourless chocolate cake was good, and the bread pudding was amazing.  We went mid-afternoon, so I can't speak to the crowds, since there weren't any.  The waitress was awesome.  The food was slow, as someone else mentioned, but we were warned ahead of time that it was all made fresh-to-order, so we were already prepared for that.  All-in-all, I highly recommend it, and we'll definitely be going back!~beef nachos chips pie desserts chocolate cake ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~hBqWQU2Ysb58QLFZndhOSA~This place lives up to it's name. The pictures on the walls are bizarre but in a good way. I got a corn on the cob for an appetizer and it was really good. Then I got a chicken burrito. The food was all-around good. Just don't go here if you like basic, boring food. Very interesting place~corn chicken burrito ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~5TtpkYifU42gF2ml8CSghg~We stayed at the hotel right next door and stopped in for dinner. The flatbreads were great and so was the beer and service. The place has a great neighborhood feel and cornhole in the yard. The salad was not a five star salad but we had such a great time it doesn't matter. Maybe don't order the grilled veggie salad though.~salad salad salad ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Sk9TaTXrUEAGAU9z51nAeA~Graze is a diamond in a sea of cheesy, fried spongy roughness. With fresh everything, locally sourced, and well cooked, I couldn't have asked for more.   It is a snazzy place and expensive compared to the rest of Madison, yet very affordable for any other major city I've been in. There is often a wait, unless you are willing o sit at re bar. I ate here 4 times in just 13 non consecutive days, it was spectacular.   You MUST start with the Parmesan truffle popcorn - it is SO good. It seems like the rest of the menu is very seasonal, and changes often. I had a tomato stack in the summer, seasonal veggies in the early fall. Everything was cooked well and did not feel too heavy.   I was disappointed by the pretzel, especially compared to other local places, but the Mac and cheese I had more than made up for it. Even the beet burger was good! I am realizing I might like beers when well done.  Ask for the vegetarian menu if you don't want to be lead wrong. Desserts are not too sweet, so I liked them. The salted cookies and ice cream were great and fresh! I miss graze often and though I never want to move to Madison, I sure do like visiting because of Graze!~popcorn tomato mac and cheese ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~KM0vgUk-ULUSLgViw0TZxQ~First off, I found the layout confusing when I went to pay. Despite having 2 registers at the to-go counter, I was directed to the salad bar with a diminuitive smile and told 'There aren't actually any registers here'. She probably meant that they weren't on, sooo whatever. Not a huge deal but worth mentioning.  I got the muffaletta sandwich with salami for the boy. It was on thick, flavorful bread with cheese, olives, hearty portions of salami and what tasted like pepperoncini. It came with a bag of chips and a cup of soup [I opted for the tortilla] for about $8-9 after tax. The soup was really tasty, made with beef and full of rich umami flavor and vegetables. I saw tomatoes, carrots, corn and lots of herbs.   The sandwich was a generous portion and I like that it came with two sides. I find this comparable to Quizno's 2 items for $6. I'd say this restaurant is much higher quality, though. For a dollar or two more you can get an organic salad topped with a delicious array of toppings. I would like to go in sometime for their salad bar, it looked quite promising from what I could see. My veggie-lovin' self could have an orgy of produce on my plate and be stoked! It looks like a lot of it is organic, too, which is a great thing to see in the middle of the desert.    I like that they serve Sweet Leaf teas in the bottle, I haven't seen them anywhere else!~salad sandwich salami cheese salami chips soup soup beef corn sandwich salad salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~0T1bbYIPHQrx6ralv2FDLg~FAVORITE buffet in Vegas... and that's saying something!  The decor is one of my favorite parts - tons of orange and pink and yellow, ready to WAKE you up from your hangover. The area where the hostess stand is gives you a GORGEOUS view with tons of white backgrounds and light streaming down into the middle area; the majority of the seating, however, is either to the left or right in larger, more traditional dining room areas.   FYI, The line can be super long (and usually is if you're not early), but if you're richer than you are lazy there's a VIP "fast pass" where you can pay I think 18-20 bucks on top of your buffet fees and skip past the line to be seated immediately. I have been guilty of participating because we were determined to make it here before catching a flight, and it was worth it at 11 on a Saturday. Otherwise, be prepared to wait 45-60 minutes during prime time.  Their "Endless Pour" (either $16.99 or 18.99, can't remember off the top of my head) lasts 2 hours ( be aware, they literally write the minute on your receipt and cut you off hard, so pay attention) is awesome. One of the few places with a really good variety - mimosas, sangria, their "Blossom" drink (served with vodka or rum, always dangerous), and the waiters do a good job topping you off/making sure you don't run on empty. Coffee is also delicious (holy trinity on a vegas morning = water, coffee, mimosa).  The food is phenomenal - I definitely feel like I've had better seafood at other places, but for breakfast, Buffet can't be beat. Their mac 'n cheese is unique and yummy, their eggs benedict with salmon is on point, basically everything is amazing. Just when you think you've packed your tummy so full it's impossible to fit more in, BAM! Time to hit the gelato station, with tons of yummy flavors.  Overall, 5/5 for the quality food, good service, and beautiful decor/ambience. My favorite place to get my day started in Vegas.~white coffee coffee cheese eggs benedict salmon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~v01cHjxKLgjc_c1PVrYKGw~The restaurant was packed on a weekday evening which I took as a good sign.    We sat in the bar and got there just in time for the end of Happy Hour. The restaurant interior (very nice) reminds me of something you'd see in a ski town  (e.g. antler chandeliers).    I had the Tortilla soup and the Rotisserie Chicken Flatbread.     The broth for the soup is actually poured tableside into a bowl piled with chicken and tortilla strips.    The chicken is excellent and the broth was flavorful but it could have been hotter.    The flatbread was very large; I would not order it again.   The cheese had an odd texture as if it wasn't real cheese.  My husband had the Big Burger which he loved but could not finish.   Unfortunately we did not have room for dessert but I'll definitely try something next time.~soup chicken soup chicken chicken cheese cheese burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6bICxwuAwlmz2Nj49kf5-A~BEST fried cheese curds I've ever had!  This place is absolutely fantastic.  So many options on the menu--vegan and veggie, too!  Their drinks are original and very tasty.  I love the Korean Bibimbop or the beet/walnut burger.  A little pricey, but totally worth it.  Any foodie should definitely try this place at least once!~cheese beet burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~VHXoPHbz0YNxqtN7OCQxHg~The ribs were delicious!!  Finally a place that the sauce was so good that I would buy a bottle.  The sides too me were nasty (potato salad and cow beans) .  I would buy ribs from here and go to Mrs.Whites for the sides to make the perfect meal.~ribs potato salad ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~Ufm2wGRncO3l_oyV9cnDuA~Third time I have been here in past 3 months.  Go to place for client visits with gorgeous views.  Service is excellent.  The food is great, wish the portions of fish were bigger.  I had Salmon Miso salad today and Ahi Tuna last month.  Both with lots of lettuce and little fish - for $22 please add more fish.~salmon miso salad tuna lettuce ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~6CCzJZ4CuUocfmU1KiMsAQ~We came here for an early lunch while checking out The Strip District. we started with the lobster bisque fries, which were very good. I had the Steel City lobster roll, which was delicious, and my husband had the seared tuna lunch entree. We both really enjoyed our meal. The service was great and attentive.~fries lobster roll tuna ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~Dr9h5xM0fEJ0D4FW-Pncnw~I don't get it. I really don't ....  Big portions don't mean it's good food. But, my family, who lives there in Las Vegas tends to think so. I guess if you pour enough shoyu or chili pepper water on something, you can't taste how bland something is. And that's what I thought about the food my family picked up for a small gathering at my mom's house.   Chicken katsu, fried noodles and teriyaki. Lots of food - gotta give them that. But it stops there. Katsu was not crispy on the outside or moist on the inside. Damp is the word that comes to mind. Teriyaki was overdone. Looked ok at first glance but at first bite, overcooked. Fried noodles was ok. Frying noodles is hard to mess up, like cooking rice. For my taste though, the noodles could have used a little more salt and or shoyu.   To each their own - some may like it because they don't know any better. Others may like it because it's all they can get now. Me, I don't and won't settle because I can and will just fly home if I want to have authentic, Hawaiian BBQ.~chicken ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~GcQqQjowwPto9VDl4hgsOw~My fiance and I ate here on Saturday February 18th. We were visiting Scottsdale for President's Day weekend. We found a sweet deal on a nice hotel and I wanted to eat somewhere affordable, but still have a nice dinner. I went through many yelp reviews and checked out websites. I read many great reviews about Roaring Fork and it wound up winning due to the Green Chile Mac and Cheese evoking our curiosity. We did not have reservations and called to see how long the wait was right before we headed down there. There was very little wait, but we wound up just sitting in the bar. The decor and ambiance of the restaurant was great. It was upscale, but somewhere I could still wear jeans to.    Upon walking in we were greeted by a GIANT wooden door and behind it wonderful smelling mesquite chicken being roasted in a huge fire. The warmth and wonderful smells were welcoming. We decided to order the Big Ass Burger because I had read that it was 1/2 LB, plenty for two people to share. That came with fries and we ordered a wedge salad and a side of Green Chile Mac. The hamburger was seasoned well and surprisingly very moist for being over an inch thick. They split it for us without extra charge. The Green Chile Mac is served in a small cauldron and is the best Mac we have ever had. It is better than Duckaroni, better than Lobster Mac....SO FREAKING GOOD! The service was fantastic and more than expected for bar seating. It was the perfect amount of food for two people and even after a drink or two, the bill came out around $60.00. We had plenty of space, weren't rushed and it was quiet for the bar section. It was a great date night and we will be coming back on our next trip to AZ.~mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ae1yV7N2VKK37yFWM4Qf8Q~I loved this not sure why the bad reviews. Just stayed at the encore and had two buffet passes, went both times during brunch and the food was delish! Took a little while to get drinks but they bring you a whole thing of coffee for your table and any think you want minus alcohol. I went to Bellagio and this blew their buffet out of the water. Don't be discouraged by the past bad reviews just check it out for yourself. The fruit, french toast, pizza and sushi all tasted great. The only thing I'd say is the dessert were kind of dry and the OJ was way too pulpy. Tip if recommend is get a line pass and book your stay where it includes the passes so it's free !!!~coffee french toast sushi ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~nhBdp8TTIEhLQHbQH_We8w~After taking several bites from the potato salad, I had a feeling that my stomach was just gonna burst. It was terrible! They didn't even have chicken available when we ate there. Definitely do not recommend.~potato salad ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gvo0c92l2rtxemgGO4OsZg~Seriously people...I walked out of here in a food coma! DELICIOUS!!! Try their truffle popcorn and cheese board.~popcorn cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~QLDRGXE7OgsakuT8D5cFTQ~Overall, a solid place. We were one of the first people in the door. The venue has beautiful high ceilings and smart decor. I particularly like the giant shelves behind the bar.   The waitstaff were attentive and friendly. I wish I had gotten the name of our nice server. She was knowledgeable and had good suggestions without being too pushy.   We started with the charcuterie plate. It was well flavored country style meats accompanied with delicious homemade pickles and a great ground mustard. The best of the three would be the duck terrine. I was surprised at how good the head cheese was.  For cocktails, we had 4: Marquez Collins, The Manhattan, The B___ (gah! Why can't I remember the name! It was an aperol white whiskey cocktail), and their seasonal punch. The drinks were overall good, but could use some work on balance. Considering the price and the reputation, I was expecting a higher level of attention to detail and execution. For instance, the collins had a hole-y ice which quickly watered it down and ruined the balance of the drink. The punch though was a surprisingly good flavorful drink, not overly sweet. Also, the garnishes could be cleaned up. The ends of the orange garnish on the B_ cocktail could have been cleaned up.   As for the food, we had the pulled pork mac n' cheese and the fish fry special. The fish on the fry was very high quality and cooked perfectly. The batter was very delicate and fit the fish nicely. The tartar sauce was just fantastic. My partner, though, thought that the slaw was slightly under seasoned.  The pulled pork mac n' cheese was great order. While the pork was perhaps a bit too sweetly barbeque, the dish was really tasty.   Our server also brought us the snack mix while we were waiting between orders. I highly recommend the fantastic wild rice puffs in it. However, there was some kind of 'stick' cracker that was so overly greasy that we just could not eat it.  We ended the meal with their snowcones. So cute! It was perfect end!  To sum, we will certainly come back again, but I hope that some of the details that hold this place back from a full 5 stars will be corrected by that time. It's a welcome addition to Madison, a place I'll return to with friends to have a few drinks and some light fare, but for the price it should try to rein in some of the unbalanced parts of the night.~pickles cheese white pulled pork ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~jDu50MgMS5bnnAuJS9dh5Q~I planned to have a birthday dinner at the restaurant as it came highly recommended. I was looking forward to the delicious food that I heard so much about. We started with amazing appetizers and a great server named Davin (sorry if it's spelled wrong). I ordered the calamari and a drink named Paloma. Others at the table got mozzarella sticks, crab cakes, and lobster bisque fries. They were all delicious. Then the Baja shrimp volcano came recommended by the manager named Ryan.  The food lived up to it's hype. We all enjoyed our food. Since it was my birthday I received a complimentary cheesecake. It was delicious. I thank you to the workers who did a phenomenal job caring for me and my friends.  *Reason for 3 stars*  Upon leaving the establishment we were greeted by Mr. Robert Wholey. There were racial comments said that made me and my company feel very uncomfortable.  It's a shame good food went to waste. I will not recommend anyone to go here if these are the ideals that are upheld.~appetizers mozzarella sticks fries shrimp ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VR6vaAFFI1O1i6OuT2FxUw~This is a fancy fine dining restaurant with a casual feel. The food is definitely under priced. For most of the summer, drinks are cheap and food is half off for the all day happy hour to entice the locals. During the winter, you can't get into this place. It is packed, so reservation is recommend. The food is described as American Southwest. The best three choices to have for the first visit. Is the Famous "BIG_ASS" Burger, Green Chile Pork Stew, & Lamb Fondue. These choices will hit the spot and hit the wallet for 10 bucks with tip a person.~burger pork lamb ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sFmyPkYrgTW0k-GYmxvCNw~The food, drinks and atmosphere of this restaurant are awesome! A group of us came here for dinner one night and everything tasted delicious. The drink menu, like many of the drink menus I've seen at restaurants in Madison, was really unique. I had a ginger drink (I forget the name, but it was good!) and the carrot-ginger soup. The rest of the group had the Graze burger which was sooo delicious, as were the fries and dipping sauce! Oh and the cheese curds were ridic!  I'm itching to come here again for brunch. The location is awesome, right on the square with glass walls so you can see everything. The waitstaff is nice and the prices are great!~ginger carrot ginger soup burger fries cheese ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~0Zm19ZyG2KEb8zRcKjn7BQ~I'm a huge Big Burrito fan, especially the Mad Mex branches.  I've been to the one in Greentree, Oakland, East Liberty, McKnight and now this one!  In my experience they have all been consistent in terms of the quality of food and service.    I love me some wing-o-rito (southwestern sauce please) with waffle fries.  I recently discovered you can get a tofu burrito with the same options of wing sauces - score!  The location of this place is interesting - it seems a bit removed but maybe it seems that way because I'm not from the Robinson area.  In any case it wasn't difficult to get to and parking was plentiful on the evenings I've been there.~burrito waffle fries tofu burrito ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~p5ZdP4-HNmSIPUtWMog1fw~I have never paid so much money for such bad food. Corn was watery. Steak was tough, thin, and generally gross.~corn steak ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~xK2OLeZltGSzX0chJl6lGw~I went here with my boyfriend last night.  We opted for the happy hour on the patio.  I really liked that the happy hour runs all night long.  And they got great prices! $5 glasses of wine and cocktails.  My boyfriend got the big burger for only $10 he said it was good but he likes other burgers from other places better. I Got the fish tacos, the fish was really tasty, but the tortillas were cold.that's the reason why I gave it a 4 star instead of 5. I got to say I loved our server; she was very nice and attentive.~burger burgers tacos tortillas ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~l1Hedo_ulrwXZg6VuXOxnw~Roaring Forks is one of the best restaurants I've been to in a while. A couple friends took me here to celebrate my birthday. For appetizers, we decided on the green chile pork which is served with tortillas and pork wings served with vegetables and a Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce. The green chili pork was flavorful and had a little spice to it but it was not overwhelming. I didn't really know what to expect with the pork wings but they took me by surprise. They were very tasty and tender. The Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce was just icing on the cake. For dinner, I had the buttermilk fried chicken breast with mashed potatoes. The skin was a nice golden brown with a crunch and the chicken breast itself was juicy. I believe they used red potatoes for the mashed potatoes and gravy. The mashed potatoes were good but didn't blow me away. But then again they are just mashed potatoes. I also had a huckleberry margarita to compliment my meal.~appetizers pork tortillas pork pork pork cake fried chicken ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~DvG3e5Xqq3KJ_Qbv3_Sk6g~It has been a while since we've dined at Elements, so we decided to drop in for dinner last week.  It was 6:30 pm on a Thursday and we were able to get seated immediately with no reservation.  After browsing the menu, we decided to order:  Bottle of 2011 Edge Cabernet, $50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=H0EVCkIUGi99mUMFWJhn-g#H0EVCkIUGi99mUMFWJhn-g  Iced Shellfish Platter, $36 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=hNpp4h_HpdQQeEItypxVsw#hNpp4h_HpdQQeEItypxVsw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=7A1cAyB1n_CGFibC94nO5Q#7A1cAyB1n_CGFibC94nO5Q  Wedge Salad, $14 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=ZLZ80iAimkaw6DvsKzP-3g#ZLZ80iAimkaw6DvsKzP-3g  Pepper Encrusted Filet, $44 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=gyhoMxTOhxyW0rpzv4tlAg#gyhoMxTOhxyW0rpzv4tlAg  Hudson Valley Foie Gras, $24 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=VBVpkMDbAofUXa9PBU5Cfw#VBVpkMDbAofUXa9PBU5Cfw  Irish car bomb, $11 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=BTMQF5GK_IDSaphESOST8Q#BTMQF5GK_IDSaphESOST8Q  S'mores $11 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/elements-paradise-valley?select=BIkjxuFzsIJUT4_TMQikkw#BIkjxuFzsIJUT4_TMQikkw  Ladgate 20 yr Tawny Port, $14  For starters, the Better Half had the Shellfish Platter and was very pleased with it.  It's not as large of a portion as it sounds, but it can be shared between 2 or 3 people.  I had the Wedge Salad, which was too sweet and "soggy" for my tastes.  As you can see in my photo, the Salad had dressing on the bottom of the Salad and was also topped with Pickled Onion, Tomato, and Avocado....it was missing that "crisp crunch" that I love about Wedges.  I won't order it again.  For the main course, TBH had the Foie Gras, which she devoured....she loved it.  I had the Pepper Encrusted Filet which was also awesome and cooked perfectly just a shade above Medium.  The Filet was full of flavor and the portion was just right.  To compliment our entree's we had a bottle of 2011 Edge Cabernet, which hit the spot.  For dessert, we had the Irish Car Bomb and the S'mores....the Irish Car Bomb was awesome.  The S'mores was good too, but very rich and we couldn't finish it.  They have a nice selection of after dinner drinks, so I had a glass of Ladgate 20 yr Tawny Port to go with dessert.  The wait staff is very attentive here and gave us impeccable service throughout dinner.  That's one of the reasons why we love this place.  Return Factor - 100%~salad salad salad salad onion tomato avocado ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~yPn0lY14zvJaPOMy30R0oA~Been wanting to try Honey Bear's for a while, was planning to go visit Town Talk ll. But since I start work at 5:00am, and take lunch around 10:00 - 10:30. Town Talk doesn't open until 11:00, and Honey Bear's opens at 10:00! Honey Bear's sits right next to another of my favorites(Best of Philly).  When you walk in, there's a counter right in front of you. Menu is a little confusing, but just tell them what you want. Even though it was lunch, I had a half slab of pork ribs with potato salad. Their ribs are probably my second or third favorite ribs I have eaten. Ribs have a lot of meat, very good smoke taste, not the tenderest ribs I have had but nothing wrong with it. Potato salad was very good also, little different from what I am use to.  Price wise is about what is expected for ribs. Half slab of ribs(meaty), potato salad, order of fries, plus a drink. for about $20.00 Very happy with my meal, will diffidently come back.~honey honey honey pork ribs potato salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~psx9fKq5Jxolq-AOMCk38Q~The only bad thing about Roaring Fork is trying to find it and parking your car in a office building parking lot. Once you get inside everything is great, even if you end up sitting on the patio. I've taken a date there, gone to happy hour with the guys, and even treated the parents to a good steak. Green chile appetizer is unique and the Big Ass Burger is phenomenal. Beer and wine selection is fantastic, only draw back is I'm always too full for dessert.   TIP: Go on Monday's for all day happy hour!~date steak burger ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~msKB7vWmZFaqFQY2Rqhfew~This restaurant has good food but took way too long for food to be made. Some people waited for 25 minutes even though others who ordered in front already got their food. They also ran out of chicken at 2 pm...~chicken ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~xULneQYF5obMlzGf4Cc8RQ~Personally, I enjoy Prarie Girl cupcakes.   I'm slightly biased because I love cheese and I can actually taste it in their  cream cheese icing. I don't really like their other options since they all just taste like sugar. That's the main issue with their cupcakes, actually; they're all too sweet.   It's also unfortunate when the cake can't hold up the weight of the icing which WILL flop/shift off the cupcake in a short period of time that involve natural body movements.  The overall atmosphere is nice and well thought-out. Their cupcakes are physically appealing and taste (generally) really good - especially with coffee. Unfortunately, they are pricey cupcakes.~cupcakes cheese cream cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~R0VPrBSbTWZG0-IdeYJAjw~Beautiful setting with good buffet food but the wait and host/hostess staff were bad.  When they were seating us they sat our party & 2 others at the same time & I overheard the first party say there were 10 of them & the hostess said "well I don't know nothin' about no party for 10, this is for 2, you guests be gettin' on my nerves today," and some other rant and rave-nothing that was very pleasant or hostess like. Then we sat there for several minutes waiting for someone to take our drink order & when I saw the waiter serving the table next to us I asked if we could have coffee & juice, and after we got it we NEVER saw him again.  Won't go back.~coffee ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gRPkWNGxdQ61TI9TJRq_HA~I came here on a weekday afternoon with my cousin and a friend for a light lunch. The floor to ceiling windows give you a great view of the capitol building and the cocktail list is lovely - we were able to try a few things we've never thought of before! The menu is limited but eclectic; great for small taster plates with few substantial options.   Our waiter was patient and attentive and the vibe of the place is overall pretty great.   If you're very hungry I'd save this place for later, but if you want to chill out and try their cheese plate, make a trip. I believe there's also a bakery here (?) or at least affiliated.~cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~c9quZl_o9elRzykTH0sqKQ~We waited about 10 minutes for the VIP brunch (which is the typical brunch plus one cocktail). Its about $49 and change when tax is added in. We avoided a really long line so it was nice to get in quickly. If you indulge in this brunch buffet package, don't get the blood mary. The bloody mary at Wynn was about as confusing and unsatisfying as drinking hot tea in a swimming pool mid-August. Being southern, my expectations might be high, but since the bloody mary is one of the classic "hangover cocktails", I figured Wynn could get it slightly right. It's basically thin, sour tomato juice with vodka--no pepper, no spices. My friends ordered mimosas which they said were good, so order that instead! The coffee was actually pretty good though.   Definitely try the prime rib with some creamy horseradish on the side. It's pink, tender, juicy--the horseradish adds some light zing. Great combo! I went back for seconds on that. The green beans were crunchy, lightly seasoned and buttery. Whatever you do, grab a cup of the fresh grapefruit with brown sugar and fresh mint chiffonade...excellent! I'm going to make that at home from now on!   The dessert counter is very pretty---each dessert portion is a small work of art. As for flavor? Not so much. However, the coconut sorbet is a winner (for people who love coconut like I do). If I go back I'll definitely sample each of the various sorbet flavors instead of the other desserts.   The shrimp cocktail was fresh but average. Nothing else other than the grapefruit, sorbet and prime rib blew me away. The dining area is average, but the entryway (decorated in bright blue hydrangeas) is gorgeous---as is the casino. Wynn is definitely a place to walk through atleast once if you don't stay, gamble and/or eat there.~tea tomato coffee horseradish horseradish green beans grapefruit brown coconut coconut desserts shrimp grapefruit ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~YEd8kAExg_gdzhOT-75eYQ~We went here before the end of 2013 and had a wonderful evening out. We hit up Graze for my significant others birthday and we were very glad with our choice. Having gone out on a Friday night, I knew there would be a wait but I also knew that Graze utilizes a website that will allow you to see where you are on the wait-list. We put our names in, and headed down the corner to grab a beer at a not-soo packed bar while we waited. When we saw that our names were soon on the list, we headed back to Graze. We were seated at one of the front tables that overlook the capital. I had a fantastic drink-I believe it was the "Keep your gin up" and the birthday boy had a take on a Moscow mule. I'm not a big meat eater, but I couldn't help but enjoy the bites of the Graze burger that were shared with me. The meat was seared perfectly on the burger and the onions were caramelized to perfection with just the right amount of sweetness to them. I ordered the bibimbap and didn't regret my decision there either. The crispy rice was amazing in contrast to the egg and the spicy sauce that it came with. We had been to Graze in the spring of 2013, and the trip we took at the end of 2013 completely surpassed the first visit in every way possible. The staff was prompt, courteous, and made great recommendations.~burger burger egg ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~WoI4PVD8DppnskZMzvjPOA~Don't go here if you are trying to eat healthy...too many temptations at every turn. I had amazing scallops for dinner, but only after eating a ridiculous amount of bread.  The hamburgers in the bar looked and smelled incredible.  I like the spicy spin they put on most of the dishes...mac and cheese is KILLER.~mac and cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~li8G9R8WRTV9bUziWyFaLg~I am here a minimum of once a week, best chicken noodle soup ever.Great sandwiches and salads, salad bar rocks, and the complimentary yogurt / ice cream is a nice touch.Lunch crowd can be huge but take that as a good sign,  I always do.~chicken soup sandwiches salads salad ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~KljbB2cWM42AxIZRJzckIw~The Gist:  Layout is exactly like The Buffet at Bellagio.  Food is better!  Get  in line before 12PM on a Sunday.  Came here on recommendation.  We were disappointed with Bellagio so we weren't sure what to expect when we arrived at The Buffet at The Wynn considering the layout is exactly the same.  However,  I feel the quality of preparation is a lot better than the Bellagio.      I recommend to get in line before 12 PM on a Sunday.  We got there around 11 AM and there was already a line.  By 12 the line had extended into the main corridor.   Your're bound to find something you like here.  But remember to save room for dessert, especially the little strawberry cupcakes and coffee gelato.~cupcakes coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~GukA-ntEgRaiVyg9ZWwrGA~Had the noodle bowl for lunch last week, yuck. I couldn't finish it because it was so tasteless, and the soft boiled egg in it was just weird. I had lunch there before and had the hamburger and cheese curds and both were so good. Will not let the noodle bowl stop me from going again.~egg hamburger cheese ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~wARDOSjxPiDNZMJ8ZNrewQ~So tasty. So unhealthy.  A guilty pleasure if you like South Asian food.  Yummy naan, good paneer, all dishes we tried made for a flavourful fast-food experience.   Great for take-out or grabbing a quick lunch.~paneer ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~LAI_wkzLgWDo1sHvcQ5i9w~Ohhhhhhh gosh. I hate to do this. I really do. I was so disappointed in this buffet. I mean. When you think of the Wynn, you think of superlative decadent food in an oppulent setting. I mean, that was the expectation. So my boyfriend is playing a tournament there and I get in line for the lunch buffet. It took an hr. So I was so excited for delicious food. The cheese board had vermont white cheddar and a gouda and one other that was not memorable. They had turkey on the cutting board. They didn't have oysters. The mussels didn't even looking appetizing. I make mussels all the time at home. They could have come up with something way better. The dessert section was small with tons of faux gelato. Gelato is supposed to be dense and chewy. This was ice cream. Also the lemon curd torte had a coolwhip type topping on it. The mozzarella ball things weren't good. The best thing I had was the iced tea. I have a better buffet at Treasure island and Mandalay Bay. It's even better at Thunder Valley. So bummed. Step it up Wynn.~cheese white gouda ice cream lemon mozzarella tea ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~KLRE5G_4HHtQU7p_YV6nLA~I love everything about this restaurant.  The owners got it all right, from atmosphere, seasonal punch, appetizers, breakfast pastries, off hours menu, and dessert; I couldn't have come up with a better concept.    Ok, let me tell you about my favorites!  Breakfast - chocolate crissont  Lunch- Ramen Noodle Bowl Appetizer - pickle plate, cheese boards, pork buns, soft pretzel, deviled eggs, oh and the popcorn will truffle oil!!!! Cocktail - Any seasonal punch, I have tried a cherry brandy, hard cider, and stone fruit Dinner- Chicken and Waffle or Friday fish Fry Dessert- any pie-these are the same ones they serve a L'Etolle and they are amazing, but I hate to down play the fresh chocolate chip cookies, cupcakes, or icy with seasonal syrups (I had rhubarb)  Everything is made with exceptional thought and detail.  They pride themselves on local and sustainable.  If you want L'Etoile quality, but lower prices and very relaxed atmosphere, you need to try out Graze.~appetizers pastries ramen cheese pork popcorn cherry chicken waffle pie chocolate chip cookies ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ev7Lztol3qkWDs1IyKmZJA~Graze offers inventive and delicious food without pretention or clich. From burgers, fried chicken, and the best cheese curds in Madison to pork buns, bimbimbap, and grilled smoked tofu, no taste goes unsatisfied.    My first experience at Graze came on a warm April night.  As I walked in, I was immediately struck by the all-glass walls that bathed the entire restaurant in the bright lights of Capitol Square. My group and I were led through the lively dining room to our table, and we began to pore over the eclectic menu.   I ordered the pork buns as an appetizer along with the rainbow trout.  We also split an order of cheese curds for the table. The curds were crispy, melty, squeaky, deep-fried perfection. Paired with a house-made ranch sauce, they were a perfect start to our meal at Graze.  Next were the pork buns, which momentarily transported me from Capitol Square to a large dim sum banquet hall.  Pillowy steamed buns gave way to rich pork belly and sweet hoisin sauce, with crunch kimchee providing artfully balanced acidity.  The rainbow trout was the least memorable of the dishes, but was stll very tasty. The fish was lightly seared with crispy skin and flaky flesh.  Lightly sauted greens and a tarragon vinaigrette provided a pleasant finish to the dish.  Graze is a fantastic restaurant with inventive food, impressive service, and a dining room humming with excitement.  As is the case at many great restaurants, the entrees don't quite measure up to the more whimsical small plates.  But it hardly seems fair to complain after a meal as good as this one!~burgers fried chicken ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~ossBYJzx08dBFdiToL7gGQ~This particular location tends to draw in more families with children than the other locations, so it can get noisy and the acoustics are pretty bad - lots of hard surfaces.  A friend had a wedding reception at this location and the service was great and very accommodating.  This may have been because they were guaranteed a big, BIG tip, but either way I was pleased.  If you're a hardcore fan of authentic Mexican food, this is probably not the place for you.  The enchiladas remind me more of chilaquiles - definitely more layered than rolled.  The burritos are huge but it really drives me crazy how segmented they are.  One bite will be all rice, the next will be all meat.  The tofu tacos are okay, but the bean sprouts seem like a weird addition.  I know, you're probably thinking "What DOES this girl like about Mad Mex?"  If you can let go of any previous Mexican food experiences (or if you've never had Mexican food before, as I hadn't when I first went to Mad Mex), some things are ok.  The tofu tacos minus the bean sprouts.  The California grilled salad.  The chickpea chili and black bean soup, the potato taquitos.  Nachos, chips & salsa, and guacamole are all decent.  Their sides are ridiculously huge and the desserts are all ok (except the sopapillas).  Basically, stick to the least authentic stuff and you should be fine.  Additionally, some of their entrees are available with your choice of either chicken, steak, shrimp, portobello mushrooms or tofu.  They have tons of vegetarian options.  They have good happy hour deals and good late night margarita deals.  They have raspberry, strawberry, mango, and kiwi margaritas year round, with one or two seasonal flavors per month, plus a full bar, a bunch of tequilas and a huge, varied beer list that tends to focus on local beers.  So basically: the less you know about Mexican food, the less disappointed you will be.  If you're a fan of authentic Mexican food, either stick to something more basic like a salad, or pick a different restaurant.~chilaquiles burritos tofu tacos bean sprouts tofu tacos bean sprouts salad soup potato taquitos nachos chips salsa desserts chicken steak shrimp mushrooms tofu mango salad ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kykTkZcLlXTSeQUMsdkZlQ~Cupcakes - they're just smaller (expensive) cakes, aren't they ?  A pal and I went to Prairie Girl Bakery at about 1:30 on a weekday. There was no line and we were served right away.   PGB make a variety cupcakes, from your classic buttermilk cupcake with chocolate frosting to a banana peanut butter one. I ordered 2 mini cupcakes and it cost me about $4.   Golden Buttermilk Cupcake w Strawberry Frosting : not bad, not too sweet, moist, way too much frosting  Rebecca's Red Velvet Cupcake: a little dry, bland taste, way too much frosting  If I could a Venn Diagram, both cupcakes had way too much frosting.   It was a nice treat that was reasonable in price; however, no 'wow' factor.  I'm a-ok with not knowing when I'll have a PGB cupcake again.  A three star here.~cupcakes cupcakes banana peanut butter ~3 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~zp4DSh-TErWeEyrhQyf5qQ~It was good! We went when it was close to closing so we felt a little rushed but all in all good my husband only ate the salad bar area I ate from everywhere haha~salad ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~KWUVTVz8Z5HWVYzwRQFVJA~New Years Eve, three course meal with wine pairing.   First time here, check in was a little long and delayed for some reason with an awkward silence but I'm not even gonna deduct anything for that because we had a great time at Graze.   We started out with some rice popcorn and truffle oil. Omg. Addicting. A little Parmesan dust on it. My first drink was a nice citrus with gin. Very good. Can't remember the name of it.   Appetizers were a Scottish egg perfectly cooked. Second time ever having one and this one out did the last one I had by far. My wife had the foie gras with short ribs. Very very good. My second drink was a Pinot wine. Excellent pairing.   Onto dinner, two different meals. My wife's lobster style poutine with gnochi was very cheesy and heavy. Almost a little too greasy and heavy. Tasted good but maybe would of chosen something different if we would of known how greasy it was going to be. Had us at lobster. I had a GREAT pork loin with lentils. First time having lentils. Delicious cherry sauce that complimented the pork perfectly. Wasn't familiar with my third glass of wine but went well with the pork.  NOW...the show stopper of the night. The cheesecake with rhubarb and chocolate cake were to die for. Absolutely, hands down thee best deserts I think we've ever had. My port wine was delicious as well but I can't rave enough about these desserts. Amazing.   Great service and a top notch place. We definitely went to come back and sample the rest of the menu.~popcorn appetizers egg ribs pork lentils lentils cherry pork pork rhubarb chocolate cake ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~yt1qv-sJT35COhBe626h3Q~I passed here many times, but never really gave it a chance until Saturday, July 5 after exiting the car adjacent car wash where my friend was getting his car washed. Entered the place and I was greeted by the cashier who made me feel right at home. Great selection of traditional Pakistani/Indian plates at your disposition, I ordered two Butter Chicken specials to go and was extremely pleased with the serving size, price, and taste.  Regardless of all the negative reviews on here (they're more like whiners than diners), I will definitely will be coming here more to try out more selections in the near future.~butter chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~mJP8OgyBAZZzwIGXEoARiw~I am a seafood lover.. Not ever terribly picky.. But, I do pride myself on having a rather diverse seafood palette.. This was some of the best food I have ever had the pleasure eating! We had the sired ahi tuna & sauted calamari as appetizers.. (Of course complimented with their famous Bloody Marys.. Which by the way has 20 some ingredients that all adds together for the BEST Bloody Mary of my life! I have craved one ever since leaving Pittsburgh!) But, I digress.. My boyfriend & I split the "Land & Sea" which included a 6 oz filet mignon, grilled shrimp, scallops & delicious mashed red potatoes. So, in conclusion, if you ever have the pleasure of going to Pittsburgh & only have a chance to eat at one restaurant.. Make it this one! You won't regret it!  p.s. I forgot to mention the EXCELLENT waitress we had named Nonika (i'm horrible with names, so it may not be that) whose service was not only impeccable but professional & charismatic to boot.~tuna appetizers shrimp ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~Gx3nsqcKESkuqf4zY3wU3Q~Oh thank god! A deli that delivers and caters. They rescued my butt for a business meeting while in Vegas and their food was very nice. Got the usual sandwiches and salads and cookies and chips.  Prompt and courteous. Exactly what I needed.  Next time, I'm going to have to ask for them to make sure to include utensils so we didn't all have to share the 2 knives and 3 forks for the salad for 10.~sandwiches salads cookies chips salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~azy1cujez3yeNnv45I-N7Q~Went here for breakfast and was glad they had salmon breakfast options since I don't like just getting any kind of breakfast all the time. They have refillable fresh squeezed orange juice and give you a pot of coffee if you ask. Got here a little before lunch so I was able to have best of both worlds. Loved the fresh sushi and poke on a bed of seaweed salad. Favorite dessert item is the tapioca with passion fruit. Interior reminds me of Bellagio which is really nice like a garden from a dream.~salmon coffee sushi salad passion fruit ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~DgldfuEnFOKIDmokJWpRLA~Wanted to have a nice ambiance and good food while on the a business trip here. Found BJ location quite nearby and it didn't disappoint. I hadn't try there sandwich before so gave a shot for the chicken club sandwich with thin fries. I have to say the bread and chicken used is perfect combo with just the correct seasoning.  I also tried the italian soda - orange flavor, it was yummy and free refills :)~sandwich chicken sandwich fries chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gR70iUxRrBRlqhKN4hufYw~I love Graze! Highlight is their cheese curds -- they're the best in town, in my opinion.~cheese ~4 
AGO Norma Ridley Members' Lounge~lasgna~gwJBILc_ElM625bnzqgm8A~Adequate lasagna,  expectedly appropriate espresso based coffees.  The lounge is calming in decor and offers a comforting view of the park.  While not overstated in presence , the atmosphere is quiet enough in certain spaces to welcome artistic contemplation.~lasagna ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MZceNVIQCCZtXLrs5Fi4XA~I've been here twice and absolutely loved it both times.  I always have a super hard time deciding what to get because everything looks so good, and to make it harder everything I've actually tried has been amazing.   Items I've had include:  -Cheese Curds (not quite on par with the Old Fashioned's but very close)  -Mac 'n Cheese w/pulled pork  -Pub Burger  -Cheesecake  -The Marquez Collins cocktail (or the Marques Colston as my friends and I enjoy calling it)  -Really Magic Coffee cocktail   Considering the location and menu the prices are very reasonable (though you can ring up the bill pretty fast with those cocktails).  On top of all that the atmosphere is awesome, especially at night when you can look over Capitol Square. And while the wait is usually a bit long (30-45 minutes) you can usually find a place at the bar and hang out there in the mean time. Service is good too, everyone seems really friendly and helpful in explaining the menu and checking on you throughout the meal.  In sum, it's a great place to go to dinner with friends. Great view, great food, tolerably priced, and unlike its neighbor/partner L'etoile, you can actually feel relaxed while you're there and not feel self conscious about belting out in laughter.~cheese pulled pork ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3Y_b8QojBGvOFAM1wVpGsg~The appetizers were very good (cheese curds, bread basket), however disappointment came with the main course. $20 burger was dry and disappointing, and the Mac and cheese was way to creamy to enjoy, which was a pity because it had a decent aged taste.~appetizers cheese burger mac and cheese ~1 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~ld5jU0erkpW7WtOjQpPYHQ~When I purchased dinner as a silent auction item, I knew it would be amazing, but I didn't know what would truly be included in the "Dinner for Two".  On our early arrival, we went to the Jade bar to wait for our reservation. See review for that spot soon. Once it was time for our reservation, we were taken outside with a heater and the sunset began. Our server was amazing!!! We handed him our silent auction item and he gladly proclaimed, "everything is on us tonight, including gratuity, so you just have to take care of your drinks and we will be on our way!". We were literally blown away -he told us we could order anything off the menu and as much as we wanted.  We didn't want to be too greedy, so we figured we would stick with the app, meal, dessert mentality. What we didn't realize were how HUGE the portions are and how much food that ended up being!   App: we started with the calamari and the escargot pot pie. Both delicious. The calamari was a more traditional preparation of what I was used to...no no no, no marinara sauce here people, I mean sweet and spicy and lightly dressed and battered so you got the tenderness and not the overpowering bread and sauce. Escargot pot pie you ask? Amazing. Light cream sauce in a homemade fluffy puff pastry top-not chewy in the least.  Next, we had soup and salad. The soup was a potato soup with scallops and the salad was a light and refreshing daikon and apple with a light black pepper dressing topped with nuts and pomegranate seeds. I loved the salad and hubby loved the soup. I liked the base of the soup but the scallops tasted fishy to me.  For dinner, hubby had the market special of black bass (I think) with rice and veggies and I had the Korean braised short ribs with kimchi fried rice and veggies. A-MAZ-ING. We were so full at this point that I was lucky enough to have leftovers which were even better the next day.   We had a few glasses of wine and the server even brought out an extra drink that was made, an in house pear infused vodka drink! YUM. We will definitely be going back here for special occasions with friends and have already been back to the Jade bar just to enjoy being close to the kitchen and vibes.~pie pie soup salad soup potato soup salad apple pomegranate salad soup soup ribs fried rice pear ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FP99OqFbEzXmslGR616y1g~Clearly I'm the odd man out on this one, but unfortunately I wasn't totally wow'd by this place.  I wanted to be, but I just wasn't.    Truthfully, I'm not sure I would ever be wow'd by a buffet.  Don't get me wrong, a lot of the food I tried was good, but nothing was a total standout.  Well, except for the bread pudding.  It may have been the best thing I tried.    The wait looked long, but it only took us about 30 minutes to get through at noon on a Sunday.  Price was reasonable at $34/pp for the no champagne option.  The service was pretty good - plates were cleared away promptly and our drinks were refilled w/o having to ask.    The fare was typical of other buffets and the only things that were truly memorable were the spicy beef with long beans, coffee ice cream and (again) the bread pudding.  Everything else was just ..... good, normal, decent, but certainly not special.    Would I go here again?  I really don't think so.  I'd rather try some of the other buffets out there.~beef coffee ice cream ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qY91tkxbn7dUcgEuX6NOyg~The Green chile mac and cheese was incredible! Everything is fresh and so delicious!  Husband had the half chicken and raved about the corn stuffing. All their ingredients have a southern flair but not as greasy! Def recommend!~mac and cheese ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~ZC8lzmOd65iZq2Uyro1o6g~The food is amazing, especially anything on their pretzel buns.  The staff is all very friendly and dangerously close to too good looking.  Most places I frequent I end up finding one dish they make that I just stick to.  I can't do that here, with the exception of the Shrimp BLT I have loved everything I've tried and can't pick a favorite.    Try anything on a pretzel bun, you won't be disappointed.~shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~apDfWn3nzsTz8o5i-lGkdA~So I tried this place out this past weekend.   The host greeted us,  not the most friendly older gentleman who told us while pointing where to sit & apparently couldn't walk us to our table nor hand is menus. We waited patiently for a server to come to our table. Server finally came,  my friend & I ordered 2 cosmopolitans. When we got our drinks ...we took a sip of our drinks. .. looked at each other & knew we couldn't drink these drinks. .. just awful tasting. Can't even tell you what was wrong because they tasted just rotten. Ordered an appetizer & asked if we could have new drinks. .. wine instead as we figured that'd be safer. Server was quick to say sure & scampered off to the bar. .. we then watched as our server mocked us to the bartender ... we know this because we could SEE her & could hear it. Lucky for us no spit. Lol. Comes back, we have our wine.  Appetizer came shortly afterwards. The food was great. I love peel ' n eat shrimp, these were fabulous.  All in all food good, customer service shitty. I'll give it another try as I hope for a better experience. ...if not better on round 2, you'll hear about it.~shrimp ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~D29rr2ek_kpdVoonRikGjA~The Roaring fork was conveniently located across from the resort my girlfriend and I stayed at for NYE. We were able to make it for Happy Hour and was pleasantly surprised to find several tempting options on the modified menu. When I walked in and saw another couple eating, I saw that the guy had a big ass burger. Me being a typical guy, I looked to my girlfriend and asked if I could have a big ass burger, as if I was a kid that needed permission to spoil myself. When I sat down and looked at the menu looking for the big ass burger that I saw, and there it was on the menu: "The Big Ass Burger". I was like damn, didn't really think they'd call it that.~burger burger burger burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Z7MLAqxQwLW4YlPnhBX--g~While this place is in a weird spot, in a business building, it offers a fantastic happy hour. Great food specials.  The burger is HUGE and soooo good and for under $10?  The chile/cheese appectizer is amazing as well. I've never had bad food here.~burger cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~j9HYd9gPyY7uizzaSaYjBA~Atmosphere -4/5  Service- 5/5 -- a nicely dressed manager came around and made sure  everything was okay; the waiter cleared the crumbs from our  table twice. We shared  dishes, they split our plates without us even asking them to.  The service was better than a lot of haute cuisine places we've gone to.   Food-4/5---  we love the "big ass' burger, the cheese grits with jalepeno was surprisingly delish.  We like RF a lot, has one of the best burgers in Phx.  We like to catch the happy hour someday.~burger cheese grits burgers ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~GmR18S7UqzrTonfOOsOK2Q~the decor fits warmly with the ethos of graze rather well. the atmosphere is lively but intimate. the wine list is surprisingly well-curated and the cocktails look fetching enough.  - the deviled eggs are forgettable but the smoked paprika aioli? holy damn.  - the gratin is a little confusing to consume at first but it's a lovely simple dish for the cold season. - the mac-n-cheese (minus the pork) was simply delectable. - the artesian rainbow trout was perfectly seared. - the curry vinaigrette in the warm farro salad was tasty.    all in all, this place defines gastropub.~cheese pork salad ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~M5r-k1wTXsO5-rsmovsRTQ~First of all, Elements should be $$$$ on yelp and not $$$.  Our bill per head (of course with alcohol) in a private room was ~ 370 person for three course meal We had 30 guests Do the math haha We also dined in the main dining room and per head was about 125 person Overview of booking and finalizing dinner for private room Christine and her staff were wonderful to work with They were very accommodating esp when I wanted the room to be set up a certain way At times it was difficult to get a hold of her since she s so busy She is actually doing two jobs Onto the food I ordered 1 Farmers market salad 3 5 this was just OK 2 Miso glazed salmon 5 5 WOW this dish is phenomenon Our guests were raving about this dish and said this was one of the best salmon dishes ever 3 Hoisin braised short ribs 5 5 another WOW delicious Just the right portion I skipped dessert since I was so full After 2 hours I regretted not ordering desserts hahah~salad: miso salmon ribs - desserts... 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~I233o0-xvhAV6ZQggNBqPw~it's a typical deli/diner... but today i tried the chicken salad... and i do like the pineapple and almonds in the salad... slight bit of sweetness, moist, and smooth!  :)~chicken salad pineapple salad ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ajU00xCvBHO4fz17FGpHIg~Happy Hour menu is incredible. The Big Ass Burger is incredible.  The green chile pork, incredible.  I would probably never eat at the actual restaurant, due to its price... but they know how to host a happy hour.~burger pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~1enhyROHWyOq1Sk7Hewizw~Solid 4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service. Bumps this place down to 3 stars :/  We went for an early Dinner here around 5pm. The line wasn't too long, maybe about 10 people in front of us.  You wait in line to pay the cashier, then wait in another line to be seated.. It took us about 45 minutes from the time of entering the first line to get seated.   We we were finally at the front of the line, I felt like I had just won the lotto! I was so excited for food!! We were greeted by the drab hostess who didn't even ask us to follow her but just started walking off.. She plopped us in the seats just 20 ft away from where the line was..  It was basically a foyer where some additional seats were placed.. No view of any of the buffet area at all.. We asked if we could be placed closer to the dining area, and she said, "go wait back in line" .. EW forget it.. we will stay here.  We immediately head to the buffet line and noticed there are PLENTY of tables open.. everywhere. What was with the seating hold up? 30 minutes to be seated? oh.. and the hostesses all look SO frumpy in their hideous air line stewardess want to be uniforms. They all look like they are wearing pink potato sacks.. Not flattering for any figure. Maybe that is why they are so ill tempered there. You would think a nice buffet like this would want their employees to look half decent? I guess not.  Are you supposed to have a server at buffets? Or someone that at least comes to offer you coffee? refill on beverages? Well..I guess not here.. The worker that collected our overdue plates made SURE to avoid eye contact and didn't check on us at ALL. I had to flag down the boss man to ask about our drinks, and he actually went above beyond to personally being us our coffee, and pour it for us. Now THAT'S service... To the server/bus man/scary man.. Why must you mean look at us like you are planning our murder after we spoke to your boss about getting coffee.. and why do you look so familiar.. have I seen you on America's most wanted? *cold shivers* at the memory..  Anyways.. the food was great, They had Veal baby back ribs, juicy tender prime rib, snow crab legs pre-cut, grilled lamb, pea risotto.. The list of yummies goes on and on... I will be back of course.. :) No scary man or moody hostess lady is gonna keep me from GOOD food!  Oh yeah, There seems to be an ATT cell phone dead zone at the buffet.. If you need service, go to the soup area, LOL. Its the only place I found signal .~potato coffee coffee coffee ribs lamb risotto soup ~3 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~9ACjTlanVSc3WxSyNRAauw~We frequent BJ's on girl's nights. They have good food, a casual atmosphere and great beer. I would give it a higher rating if their prices were a little lower for the type of cuisine you get. Can't go wrong with the crispy artichoke hearts, the pizzas or a baked potato.~artichoke baked potato ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OIh_e0QLcEH3-se2muoVIQ~Found this place on Yelp while visiting Scottsdale and SO glad that I did! We ordered the kettle of green chili pork and it was amazing - honestly some of the best that I have ever had. The fish tacos were also really good! After those two dishes the green chili Mac and cheese didn't quite stack up but it was ok. Their happy hour specials are really good as well - just make reservations first or you might have to wait or stalk out a table!~pork tacos mac and cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~78V6JZ-MD62vWp3jUnzhmg~A converted Prairie Girl fan. Even with cupcakes rumoured to be a dying fad in the individual serving dessert trend (whoever said this is blind to the future) PGC has managed to open their third location at Bloor and Avenue. Theres a reason for this, they sell tiny little niblets of tasty fun.  Fair, the cupcakes use too much icing, but what store-bought cupcake doesn't? You can specify in a custom order for less if icing quantity is an issue.  Regardless of its flaws, Prairie Girl will always be a better choice for a sweet fix than any mass produced preservative laden baked good in the First Canadian Place food court, or the Tim Hortons at the bottom of Victoria Street. The cakes they do best are their more complex options. The peanut butter iced banana cupcake is fun, tasty, enjoyable. Loathing carrot cake personally, I really enjoy their presentation of the recipe. Customer service is great, they are really dedicated to pleasing their patrons and have a genuine interest in what feedback they get. They also give leftover cupcakes to Second Harvest; cupcake people are good people. Eating here may result in good Karma...~cupcakes cupcakes peanut butter ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NrNhKvoo9lINjDrG2GVsRQ~Ok, ok.  It is local.  It is homemade.  I get it.   Now the food itself?  It is just ordinary.  It is tasty and good but it is not worth the hype or the wait.  The restaurant does not take reservations.  As a first time diner, it would have been nice to know we could have left our name, ran an errand, received a text and then made our way back.  Instead we had to sit in the drafty entry way.  I was cold for forty minutes waiting for dinner.    We got seated in a great booth.  It was just my husband and I.  I felt guilty because larger parties got passed up.  Nonetheless, it was cozy and very comfortable.  We decided to try the Fried Gnudi.  This is essentially a fancy cheese curd.  It was delicious.  It tastes like a bread stick without bread.  It would have been nice to know what they were.  Instead, we were told they were ricotta like gnocchi.  As a gnocchi eater, I can assure you they were nothing like gnocchi.    Now dinner.  I tried the Mac and Cheese.  I was a bit disappointed.  I do not like strong cheddar.  I asked the waitress whether the cheese had a strong flavor.  Her response?  No, the aged cheddar was a smoky taste that comes out when the cheese is cooked.  I took a chance.  It was beautifully served.  It is a very rich meal.  It is very cheesy and creamy.  However, the cheese taste itself?  It was incredibly strong.  I was not happy with it.  I was told the completely wrong thing.  The portion is also small for $9.  I was kind of upset by this.    We also ordered the pub burger.  We shared each other these meals.  The burger was cooked well but it was a small patty.  It was served on an English muffin.  I am assuming it was homemade.  It was so dense and lacked any type of lightness I have had with other English muffins.    The star of the meal?  The fries with garlic aoli.  Hands down.  Magnificent.    The food was not terrible.  It was good, average food.  The service was good.  The people were nice.  Graze is just not worth all the hype.  Nope.~cheese gnocchi gnocchi gnocchi mac and cheese ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~Fi5j1AxAQylohGswT5_hDg~This place is just ok.  I got a 1/2 pound of the brisket and a side of corn.  Not much to write about.  It's a hole-in-the-wall BBQ place with average food.~corn ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Rxx7YbSyljzSfmbqDq6A9g~I want to begin by saying  the food and the view of the capital were amazing.  We only had a few appetizers, but they all came out hot and delicious.  Don't overlook their popcorn.  It was served in a large portion with plenty of delicious SarVecchio cheese and truffle oil.  Yum.  We also had the cheese curds, which in some establishments can be boring and predictable.  Not here.  The breading was amazing, and the cheese was top notch.  We had a few incredibly friendly and helpful male bartenders.  Unfortunately, they left about half way through our visit, and were replaced by a horribly rude female bartender.  She cut me off abruptly, rolled her eyes, and sighed impatiently when I couldn't pronounce one of their beers (Ouisconsing?  Sorry, I didn't instantly get that one!)   She is the only reason I am taking away stars on the review, because the other bartenders were so amazing...someone has to get that woman a quaalude before the next dinner service!  Excellent bottle and draft beer menu, and their tap house wine was surprisingly high quality. The appetizers were plentifully portioned, and MOST of their servers were top-notch.    Here goes my rant:  I am not taking away stars on this review because of the positive stories I have heard from many friends who enjoy coming here regularly.  I think my experience may have been singular.  We sat at the bar and had a few drinks with our apps.    Unfortunately, a woman felt it would be appropriate to bring her sons to the bar to squeeze into the only open seat next to us, one an infant and one maybe 5,   Okay...  After her infant son nearly knocked over my wine and grabbed my silverware twice, I politely moved my things over about a foot, crowding our own area to avoid a disaster.  Next, her 5 year old son squeezed in between my knees and the bar, kicking my hanging purse with a rhythmic motion.  I quickly unhooked it and put it in my lap.  All the while, I could still feel his hair on my legs and an occasional bumping of his elbow.  OKAY... She finally left, without a word of apology, not even an apologetic smile.   That's my rant on that particular subject.  I think it is perfectly okay to bring your children to any establishment you like, as long as you are able to control them and not hinder anyone else's dining experience.  End of story.~appetizers popcorn cheese cheese cheese appetizers ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9ocwQXqddR72LY-AhEVJDA~Let me start by saying they seem to try really hard to please their customers and some of the dishes were excellent. That said, the 3 star rating is because some weren't excellent and the ambience was challenged on this particular evening because the restaurant was extremely cold. The calamari appetizer was mediocre. The lobster roll would have been excellent if it could be handled. The bun was hard and could not fold to envelop the lobster. That made it open-faced. The crab-stuffed salmon was very good. In the shrimp scampi with linguine, the shrimp were very tasty, but the whole dish seemed a bit heavy. Interesting atmosphere and, with a few more patrons, could have a nice energy. We'd try it again, but the second time has to be a charm.~lobster roll salmon shrimp scampi shrimp ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ns1DHte5Ukjqxc7lyH4CLQ~I find this place very unique and fun! Its a great place to take out of towners... Its colorful, has very unique and quality food, and you have to love a place that has a "Big Ass Burger" on its menu! Its a lively joint, far from romantic, if that's what you're looking for. Not the greatest location, as its almost hard to find if you've never been there before, as its in an office-like complex. But, those minor items aside, I really dig this place and the food is more than outstandng!~burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xUNDJB01ZWq_eZF8OsWDgw~We were starving and headed downtown for a concert and decided that BBQ ribs sounded great. I remembered that I had a an old groupon that I had bought so we decided to try it. When we first walked in it did seem a little ghetto but I know sometimes smaller places are better. We ordered a full slab Of pork ribs and 2 drinks. It came with 2 sides an with tax was about $30. My groupon was for $20 but was expired so I thought I would only get the amount I paid, $10. The only positive thing about our experience was that they honored my groupon for the full $20.  The cashier was not polite at all, not wanting to even take my groupon at first. You could tell he didn't want to be working.  Another employee was sitting in plain sight eating a large plate with no manners and looking gross. I went to get some lemonade and it tasted like water so I dumped it out and got root beer. About 10 min after we sat down they called our number but only to say that they were out of ribs! The place had 2 customers on a Friday night and the special was rib tips..but they only had chicken! They offered an extra side but no change in the price... Then while we were eating I heard another customer who had come in long after us, being old that they were out of ribs and the customer was upset that he had already paid for ribs too! I don't understand why they were letting people order and pay for ribs when it was clear they knew that they knew they didn't have any!   When we got our meal my husband took one bite and said he hated it. the chicken was dry, bbq sauce tasted like metal and the red potato salad seemed like the kind you get in bulk at a grocery store. The fries   Were ok so thats all he ate. I liked the bbq sauce but the chicken was super dry. our friend ordered a chicken sandwich an the bun fell apart as she picked it up. She took one bite and said it was gross and didn't eat any more of it.   If we had to pay full price I would have made a big scene but because it was a groupon and were just trying a new place I let it go but we will never go again.~ribs pork ribs ribs chicken ribs ribs ribs chicken potato salad ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~-6K9AyRBQ30lXlwDLQCLyA~Burger was OK.  Didn't have anything else but a lot of the dishes looked gimmicky and some I would not even want to put in my mouth.  Take the three stars for what its worth.~burger ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FGfZEhTgJCUK3rCWo_gz6g~WOW!  ~As soon as you walk into the entrance you re greeted with pillars of beautiful fresh FLOWERS Oh the COLORS ~Pricey, yes.  Worth it?  OH YES!  After paying to enter and leaving a tip, my husband and I were out $90 or so (He's a large tipper, so it might not cost you as much). 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SOcVeRH9OSVBlkn627dL4g~Came here for restaurant week and was not disappointed. Food and service were great. Started out with the tortilla soup and the presentation alone made it worthwhile   If you like tortilla soup just go for this to try and see the presentation. Very fresh tasting. True the duck breast with the chili Mac and cheese and shaved Brussel sprouts along with onion jam. Yummy. We also tried the Delmonico steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Wow. Have leftovers of all of this for tomorrow. Darr was really good. I recommend the crime brle. The pecan pie was tasty with the ice cream and whipped cream but I like my pie better. Everyone worked as a team and service was great. Good place for a date or family.~soup soup mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ixUYsrXDW1abgjmq2V3oiw~Our night at this restaurant was nothing short of superb. Our whole family (8 people) were in town for my dad's birthday. We thought going to an early dinner would be a good idea with a large party, but when we got to the restaurant we were told that the wait would be a couple hours for a party of our size....we were bummed and using the lobby area to yelp somewhere else to go. While there the manager (Matthew) came over to me and my sister saying that he overheard we had a large party and he might have a solution. He had a large table on the patio that was just wrapping up, in less than 10 minutes we were seated and being waited on by our lovely waitress Alex. Her service was top notch and non stop.... Then the food and drinks started flowing. We ordered the green Chile pots, guac, pork wings, tenderloin, fish tacos, big ass burger, iceberg BLT salad and chicken flatbread pizza. Everything was so delicious, seriously drool worthy. If i had to recommend one item it would be the pork wings, unique, flavorful, tender and crispy. Little flavor bombs! Our cocktails were delightful, delicious and refreshing.... Most refreshing of all was the unparalleled customer service we got from start to finish. We will definitely be back... Our dessert too was so amazing, the creme brulee and pecan pie. The pie was like nothing you've ever had before. Thank you Matthew and Alex for making my dad's birthday a year to remember.~pork tacos burger iceberg salad chicken pork pie pie ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~Ol58pNqaVrCEOryG5aTU4g~As a Pakistani born in Canada who misses home cooked meals I come to King Palace when I need a fix of south asian food. I am very selective in what I order. My first experience with the rice was not as good as my experience with their naan. I very much recommend the naan over the rice. My favorite dishes are the haleem, channa, and butter chicken. The daal looks good too but I have never tried it. The people behind the counter of course let you try anything if you are unsure of the taste or want to see if something is spicy enough. I know the idea of them popping it in the microwave bothers some but I always get mine to go and enjoy it at home. Many South Asians come here. As the reviews state many cab drivers come and let me tell you cab drivers wives usually cook AMAZING dishes so if they come the food has to be decent. I know it definitely cannot beat real home cooked south asian meals but it definitely satisfies my cravings when I can't get fresh cooked food.~butter chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~I5gsINoj_HN4yNwUkhl3Tw~Subpar food - flatbread appetizer was dry, BLT salad was excessively smokey in flavor and the hostesses were really unfriendly. We requested a booth with our reservation but when we got there they said there wasn't one available. When taking us to our table we walked by 4-5 open booths and we asked to be seated at one of them but was told they're for parties greater than 4 (mind you they were set for four) However we saw ALL the booths later sat with parties of four! Won't be returning.~salad ~2 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~5ga05rvOCYfex6k_bWW-uQ~Menu has a good selection. Love the chicken and tortilla soup. Ahi salad good but could use a little more ahi for $15. Would definitely be back.~chicken soup salad ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~kNgKN6myuB1kJbuH3J1idg~LOVEEE the cupcakes! I dont have a sweet tooth but this place is really good. My favorite cupcake is the red velvet and the vanilla. The staff is friendly as well~cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~a5pMrG5qwHokrClfYxKzlQ~a) the atmosphere is nice, dark, southwestern feel.  b) be prepared to have great conversations with your party because the food took a while to come out.  c) the presentation of the tortilla soup was great, but the flavor didn't quite do it for me. could have had a lil more spice.  d) the fish tacos were made well, but the sauce was a lil too tart & strong for me.  e) the green chili mac n cheese steals the show. it's worth coming here to give it a try.~soup tacos cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AXy_0ELMPSFL0DE4pOv_6g~Wanted to try this place after multiple lists cited the Big Ass Burger as being one of the top ten burgers in the greater Phoenix area.  Meh.  I've experienced better.  Went on a Thursday night.  Restaurant has an upscale feel (Scottsdale!  Imagine that) and was decently full.  No reservation, no problem.  Were seated relatively quickly by the hostess after being ignored for about three minutes by the male host, who was more interested in talking on the phone than making eye contact with any of the three groups standing in front of him.  The waitress was pleasant and attentive, and a good sport when I told her I would settle for the "tap water".  That's right, first question was if we wanted any fancy water, or if we were fine with the "tap water" they just poured in our glasses.  Ha ha - tap water.  Pretentious much?  It was delicious tap water, though.  The water pipes in Scottsdale must be less rusted than those in neighboring, less-cultured cities.  On to the food!  The Big Ass Burger was, in fact, quite large.  However, ordering it medium-rare means you get it pink throughout (whoo!) and dry as hell (suck!).  Not sure how they managed that, but they did.  Definitely far from one of the ten best in the greater Phoenix area.  On another note, my female accompaniment greatly enjoyed her Waldorf Salad, coconut green tea, and crme brle.  I would recommend the coconut green tea.  Everything else I could've done without.  Maybe I'll give you another try, Roaring Fork.  Maybe.~burger burgers sport burger salad coconut tea coconut tea ~2 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~e-p294Qg7mQdYkRGXo5R9Q~I had the salmon and he had the pasta with chicken, both were great, make sure you say hi to Jackson he's great, oh and ask for Mathew at the bar outside.~salmon pasta chicken ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~e7uFTJRFfBzvkO255crexA~This is a great alternative to fast food. I have only had the salads. They use fresh ingredients and offer several different salads, soups and sandwiches. I tried the new salmon salad and wouldn't get it again. Only because the salmon is drier than I prefer.   PROS: Pineapple Chicken salad             Nutty Salad             Fresh ingredients             Free ice cream while you wait.~salads salads sandwiches salmon salad salmon pineapple chicken salad salad ice cream ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~DMRQhMR-m4OSA2DIxF1tYg~I was very excited to have lunch at Graze. The ambiance is very upbeat, casual, yet upscale. For an appetizer I shared cheese curds with my friend. they were extremely good and represented Wisconsin pretty well. The dill sauce dip was flavorful and had a good bite to it. As an entree I had the Graze Burger, and although the meat was juicy and tender, the burger itself was a little boring. It really was a burger topped with some caramelized onions. Nothing too special.  I also tried the cream soda. I sort of had the perception that it would be the retro rad cream soda that I remember drinking when I was a kid, but instead it seemed like soda mixed in with vanilla ice cream. Super sweet and not good to wash down your food. It was more like a dessert. I will go to Graze again, but I will probably order something else along the lines of a pork schnitzel or some sort of fish.~cheese burger burger burger ice cream pork ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~gJHu2R4eZuWLeIZ2jGZDvQ~I literally just picked up an order of 6 cupcakes from Prairie Girl for my manager's birthday.  Other than the fact I wound up having to trek there during the worst snowstorm we've had this year, I was very pleased with my first Prairie Girl Bakery experience.  First of all, their online ordering system is great.  Actually, better than great.  It was one of the best and most user-friendly online ordering systems I've ever encountered (just try ordering pizza through Pizza Pizza's new website.  I dare you).  I was able to mix and match easily and efficiently before finally settling on my final six choices.  I was also able to see the price change as I went along AND I was able to add a single gluten-free cupcake to my order.  It was so nice to have the option to order just one GF cupcake (and not a whole batch) and join in on the celebrations back at the office.  Traditionally when we order cake at work, I'm left out of the festivities, so this was a wonderful change.  Finding the place.  This was a little tricky, because I didn't see their name on the directory and had NO CLUE where I was going.  Your best bet is to just go to 100 King St. West, go downstairs and head towards the food court.  They are right across from the Longo's.  Once I found it, even though there was a line, I was able to stroll up to the pre-order section and get my cupcakes right away.  I love that they put the GF cupcake in a separate box with clear labelling so I knew for sure which one was mine.  They also put them in a really sturdy bag for easy transport.  The storefront itself is magical and features a large wall of cupcakes in different colours and sizes, waiting for enjoyment by the masses.  The smell, even though in the middle of a busy food court, is intoxicating.  The cupcakes were a huge hit at the office.  Everyone got a flavour they enjoyed, and the little sugar "Happy Birthday" toppers added the perfect 'je ne sais quoi' to the already beautiful cupcakes.  The strawberry icing (on the cupcake I enjoyed) was clearly made from real strawberries, and the chocolate and vanilla bean icings also received rave reviews.  The cake itself is a bit denser than you would get from a box mix, but it was very enjoyable.  You could definitely cut one of these guys in half and enjoy them throughout the day (though scarfing one back in a single sitting isn't entire implausible either).  For six cupcakes (including a GF one) and the sugar toppers, it came to just slightly over $20 (and that includes tax).  I find this perfectly reasonable given the quality and size of the cupcakes, and the fact I've seen similar treats go for much much more at other bakeries.  All in all, I would definitely order from here again for an office birthday or personal occasion.~cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RhgzVItq7goPaxxoAPCpWg~This place was very nice. Lovely atmosphere, kind waiters, even the support staff was nice. Kinda tricky to get into, but once you figure out the parking situation, it is A-okay. It had a very warm-n-fuzzy atmosphere, very posh without extreme pretension. It is just north of Downtown Scottsdale, so you would expect it to be expensive. (It is pricey, but not more than you would expect.) The Green Chili mac n' Cheese was indeed, just as my friend told me, phenomenal. Good beer selection too! We had one of the burgers on the table and everything was good about it except!: It lacked a slight bit of salt on the patty and the bread could be more dense. It was a little airy (the bread) and had less flavor than I hoped. Having a good bun for your burger is VERY important. Other than that, this place was pretty rockin.~cheese burgers patty burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~MLWtx9sDZMJlyUlMDunq8Q~Had a great time here last night, despite there being no Valet for some reason? Anyway, this is a great place to bring out-of-towners, it has a chic southwest feel, while remaining upscale and impressive.   The spicy shrimp appetizer was perfect, salad was crisp and fresh, my chicken was succulent, and a guest had the "Big Ass Burger" - which is a Roaring Fork tradition.  Highly recommend this to people visiting the Scottsdale area. (avoid the patio in the summer when you book your reservations) Three of us paid about $100 total for dinner with 1 drink each :)~shrimp salad chicken burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~64TwwieOLF_wr-c6qPrdlQ~Nice food, good service, and nice ambience. I've been here several times. I recommend the burger for the main dish and roasted veggies as the appetizer. Good to be there on happy hour. The only problem last time was that outdoor seating area was so dark we couldn't see what we are eating! Lol~burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zXJhCLZfX8setmY-0hd6rQ~Pleasantly surprised! Service was exceptional! Only issue was they forgot our Mac and cheese side but the waitress comped it and boxed it up for us to take home.  Great drink menu and fun patio.  Food was phenomenal! Highly recommend the guacamole (with homemade chips!) and the chocolate toffee pecan pie.  Would definitely highly recommend!~mac and cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_lWEpecMflysQnPuu4o6qg~My favorite restaurant in town! Amazing food, not too expensive, great atmosphere, and the staff are so nice!  Great for a dinner date.  try the beet and walnut burger, you won't regret it!  The only down side is they don't take reservations so sometimes the wait can be 1hour+ for weekend dinners.~date beet burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~9UvJVTaSIS3ceA3YUiz4sQ~My husband and I decided to try a new place tonight. I usually love barbecue, and when he suggested we try Honey Bears, I was more than happy to. First of all, I have to admit, I worked for Famous Dave's years ago and although I couldn't stand being employed there, they had some darn good barbecue and I'd still go eat there if there was one closer by. So maybe my expectations were too high for Honey Bears, but they fell way short.   I got the pork brisket sandwich. I couldn't even pick it up, the bun was so soggy. Like snot. I tried to pick it up and it just disintegrated and all the meat fell out. I ate it with a fork, seeing as I was too starving to send it back. The meat was very moist and tender until I got a huge bite of the nastiest, driest chunk of meat. Like hard and chewy beef jerky. I have never discourteously spit food out of my mouth before, but that was too unpleasant to swallow!   Moving on, the fries were good. The beans were awesome! The bbq sauce was lacking in consistency and flavor. The cheese in the mac was a bit thin. The ribs I had that came with their combo 3, well one was alright, the other one was almost all fat.   All in all, I didn't "hate" it but I'm not going back. There are better places to spend my money.~honey honey pork sandwich beef jerky fries cheese ribs ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NFaxessqSoZLw5whzA4eJg~I work nearby and went at lunch for some brisket.  I was told it would take 2 minutes for the brisket to be ready, so I paid and waited. Then I was told it would take another 5 minutes. I then was told it was going to take longer and was offered chicken or pork instead. I choose chicken. It took over 20 minutes before I got my food. The chicken cost less, but I was not reimbursed the difference.  The soggy wet chicken had a very strong metallic taste....aluminum. I threw half of it away.  Wasted my lunch there....won't go back.~chicken pork chicken chicken chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Kk_cMN1u-OOfzZXPrwd2mg~I couldn't help myself and checked the 8am line again.  Not too bad today so I dragged my group along to give it a try.  I slammed the place yesterday with only one star because of the line out the door but today it's only a 20 minute wait so we did it.  Very nice, friendly hostess and nice seating throughout.  Once we sat down we got great service for a waiter who constantly filled our coffee and kept bringing juice.  This buffet is incredible!  Huge!  We came for breakfast at 8am but I had breakfast, lunch and dinner.  They have everything including cold shrimp and oysters.    My review has gone from one to five stars.  I'll never wait 45 minutes for this breakfast buffet but if the line is reasonable this is the buffet to be at.    I've got to figure out a way to skip the line.  I think I have to gamble more.  LOL~coffee shrimp ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~zzFAmP4xuvYIWdIvx2KvCw~I was talking with Rand about having eaten at Souper Salad the previous week and he suggested we meet up here, right across the highway, to compare the two.  Yesterday we did so.  The foods were all fresh.  We agreed most of the hot items lacked much in the way of flavor.  I don't think I cared much for having the salad bar between the front door and the cash register.  Another thing I thought odd was a section of the salad bar that had extra cost items to add to your salad.  One question I have is why  they are very busy when Souper Salad across the way with a very similar menu and execution for less money has hardly anybody in it.~salad salad salad salad salad ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iwGQWPX76sUKHNSMtI-nOw~Epic $10 happy hour burger.  Seriously....  Great staff.  Absolutely recommend on Sun-Mon all night happy hour.~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~9bLyhKh_RZrVr14qCSgfeA~Graze will always hold a special place in my heart.  I've been there probably more times than I can count, and I have been beyond pleased with my experience every single time.    The views of the capitol through the towering glass windows warrant a visit in and of themselves.  It is about as good of a view as you can get of the capitol from indoors.  Add the view and the overall cool, laid-back atmosphere to a top-notch, eclectic menu, and you have an incredible dining experience that is uniquely Madison.    Like I said, I've been to Graze a lot, and I've loved everything I've tried.  Menu items change, and all the seasonal menu items that I've tried have wow-ed me.  I have fond memories of a braised beef brisket that simply melted in my mouth.  In terms of the continuous menu items, the Bipimbap my personal favorite.  They let you know it's spicy, and they are NOT lying, but it is also fresh, flavorful, savory, and unlike anything I've ever tried before.  The cheese curds (!!!) are my favorite in Madison.  They're huge, coated in just the right amount of breading, and served alongside a divine ranch sauce.    The drinks are also commendable.  They're incredibly unique and perfectly mixed (also, NOT weak).  Totally worth the money.  I highly recommend Graze to anyone and everyone, and I've brought almost everyone I care about here at least once (everyone has raved about it, and I have a feeling it wasn't just to make sure I didn't feel bad).  I love you Graze! Always and forever!~beef brisket cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~agXH2CqgPYrTr0nbWQ_9WQ~3* for flavor 5* for selection & quality of ingredients used  I've been to the buffet at the Wynn three times - mostly because we were staying either at the Wynn/Encore and it was convenient.  There's so much decent to good food to choose from... I won't lie, not everything is delicious - and they often do change things around a bit. (That delicious Baileys Panna Cotta isn't always there...) However, they deserve a fourth star since there is ALWAYS a huge selection - fresh seafood, random sushi, 1-2 dim sum, red meats, pastas, etc. (If you know what gnocchi's supposed to taste like, steer clear of theirs.) I know what I like of the seafood, but as for the rest, I usually try a tablespoon-sized portion of everything that seems appealing before deciding what to actually eat.. I recall liking the Eggs Benedict on my most recent trip.. A bit bland, really. Like most things they serve.  The best part is the dessert - although usually, by the time I'm done with half of my second plate, I'm too stuffed to try more than one without assistance. Everything is so pretty to look at and they have so many options it makes your head spin... I usually like to share them - that way, I can get a taste of each of the 10 most appealing options before committing to a single one (assuming I have space by then). My favorite is the Baileys Panna Cotta (of course).. but again, not always there.  There is always a line. Do not be discouraged.. If you're there for the weekend champagne brunch, there will be plenty of mediocre alcohol on the other side to help you forget the wait.  Make sure you tip when you pay, or you're going to be seated in the worst section of the place far away from the food and out of sight, where the servers hardly ever come around. Two out of three times, I made sure to tip well and, as a result, had seats in an ideal location and attentive servers that never allowed my glass to empty, and once.. a server that, after offering me coffee when l was first seated, remembered me saying that I like my coffee at the end of my meal, to enjoy with dessert. As soon as I brought desserts to the table, he served me a cup of coffee. EXCELLENT.~sushi gnocchi eggs benedict coffee coffee desserts coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3ecVYJCsiECzgV93N-W-0A~I love Graze! Their environment is lovely and the food is good. My to go items for a typical dinner at Graze are cheese curds, bone marrow and mussels and frites;)~cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~vc0hi89BQcZp4CnXomPPsA~Fantastic restaurant and service! We have eaten there on 3 occasions and they did not disappoint. Reservations are taken serious and your table is always ready for you. We went there for our wedding anniversary and they placed a rose and a personal card signed by the staff on the table. We were also give a complimentary dessert. This was above and beyond what we expected.  Must try:  Green Chili Mac and Cheese  Braised Beef Short Ribs Buttermilk Fried Chicken Seared Scallops~mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~GybtI9RDTfm8vQCSxfd4_Q~Probably the best cheese curds in town. I like the menu, but it is pricey and more focused on appetizers/drinks than dinner. The beet burger, popcorn, and hickory nut pie are also delicious! Amazing view of the Capitol.~cheese appetizers beet burger popcorn pie ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~FVKPqpqXf3QVnRJW3Q5Wdg~I am not a fan of sweets so I think for me to give 4 stars is amazing!  What I love about Prairie Girl is that they have mini cupcakes so you can have that small bite that lingers in your mouth rather than shoving a huge cupcake in and then feeling like crap.  We actually ordered a dozen of cupcakes but the one that really stood out to me was the vanilla bean flavored one.  Yes, I don't really like sweets and do not eat chocolate but I DO LOVE VANILLA!  AMAZING.  A bit pricy and something I noticed was that everyone online was a female!  lmao!~cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rvqVN8g031UZj92sYsw3Zg~I spend a lot of time at Graze these days, so I'm going to share with you my 6-step program for doing Graze like a pro:     1. Order The Retox (cachaa, maple syrup, lemon juice, cayenne - what? what?)  2. Graze from a basket of warm, salty, truffley popcorn.  3. Enjoy that I'm-feeling-classy-even-though-I'm-wearing-snow-boots ambiance. 4. Order another Retox (heads up, two Retoxes and you are totally toxed) 5. Dine on any number of spectacular meals. 6. Indulge your voyeuristic tendencies by staring out the walls of windows to crazy, crazy Madison.   I know this formula works.  Last night, as I piled the bibimbap onto my chopsticks and into my face, a protest for Tibetan freedom marched around the Capitol.  And in the moment, as much as I wanted to free Tibet, I wanted another bite of that marinated tofu more.~lemon cayenne popcorn tofu ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~daVSA67JK8Nx_RKpqg_PHw~Best BBQ sandwiches in Phoenix.  The BBQ sauce is amazing.  I generally get the chicken sandwiches but my friends all swear by the pork.~sandwiches chicken sandwiches pork ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~LzN9Yoqf2DXJCwdsWchAXA~We dined at Luke Wholey's for an early Mothers' Day celebration and enjoyed the experience greatly. We had a large party of 10 and were placed in a private dining area which still afforded us a great view of the restaurant and bar below. (One small note:  the high tables placed at the ends of the large table made for a little awkward seating. )  The food was excellent.  Of particular note were the catfish bites and sandwich, the lobster fries, and huge peel-your-own shrimp. Everything was  nicely cooked and presented. There was a great selection of craft beers and the server knew the wines very well.   In spite of some Yelp reviews we had read about the service, ours was outstanding. Our server, Brian, had only been working there a few days but was already up-to-speed on menu items. Everything came out quickly, especially for a large group. We enjoyed meeting front of the house man, Jerry, who made us feel at home.  We also had the pleasure of meeting Luke who told us how hard they were working to improve things. It showed and we will no doubt return.~sandwich fries shrimp ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~GMHBXvN243pI6YEkFYelJg~Found this place on Yelp.  It was hard to find, as it was not right off the road, but in the back of the parking lot. Made reservations, were taken right in.  Server was very attentive. I got the Big Ass Hamburger and I was too full for dessert.  Delicious. Pricy, upscale splurge. The memory of that hamburger may bring me back for more.~hamburger hamburger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~jj4WHssctUDohL9taE7C1Q~Best lunch we've had on our Midwest trip! We loved that they source locally and without compromise to flavor and good service. The pretzel with three mustards and Wisconsin cheese was the best pretzel we've ever had- and we live in Philly! The Trout Nicoise with avocado is a must order if you're looking for something a little lighter but still satisfying and the cheese curds are squeaky good. Would return tomorrow if we didn't already have lunch plans:) Thanks, Graze!~cheese avocado cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~fptclt2Pp3qyuyoy24g5Xw~The Wynn is amazing! The buffet was well appointed with loads of traditional American and international choices. The coffee was wonderful and the staff was very attentive. We sat in the garden room and it was magical and a romantic breakfast. One of my favorite meals in Vegas!~coffee ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~gEU6DKI84cADBN8U6SzDDQ~After google told me top 10 buffet in vegas the #1 best buffet was wynn I had pretty high expectation. My friend and I decide to go there for dinner on sat. night. The atomosphere is beautiful, but the food is very disappointing. Maybe because I'm very picky, I don't find this place special at all (food). I'm not comparing the food to Cut by wolfgang puck 5 star restaurant, but compare to other buffets, I've experience better. The buffet at Wynn does have good quality food, but the way they cooked it, just ain't working for me. such as the texture of prime ribs, and the chicken is too dry, the dumpling crust is too hard (over cooked) etc. I liked there salad & desert.. their Crme brle was amazing, especially with coffee& cream... I enjoyed salad, pineapple, orange, & deserts.  Other than that I didn't like anything.~ribs chicken salad coffee salad pineapple ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~c8WjDUxpofQtHiJJHPgIsw~I have not been to THIS location until recently, which is shocking since cupcakes are like crack to me and I work so close to this place but after a year or so of being open I finally got around to it. This was all because of an email alert I received from PGB informing me that the flavor of the week was "neopolitan" with a photo of a glorious looking cupcake attached to the email. First of all Neopolitan is my childhood favorite ice cream and applying that concept to a cupcake is like making a junk food addict's dream come true. So I had to try it.  One of the reasons I avoided this location was because of the long lineups that it usually has during my lunch break. The time I went (1130ish) was a good time to go (I guess people need to eat real food at some point as opposed to eating cupcakes ALL day). There was no lineup and I was served immediately. The lady that served me was nice and friendly. I asked for a regular size cupcake but she gave me a mini instead. I would have corrected her but I figured I should probably stick to a mini or else my pants might get mad at me. It cost $2.25 which is pretty steep considering the size of this miniature snack but the taste is heavenly.  The cake itself was a chocolate cake, incredibly moist and chocolatey topped with a layer of strawberry icing (fresh strawberries!), vanilla bean icing, and chocolate icing. It was so rich and intense in flavor I was actually grateful that I got the mini vs the regular because I think it would have been too sweet if it was a larger portion.   Overall, I really enjoyed this treat of the week...in a mini size. I am still a fan of this cupcakery and their sweet creations, but just in smaller doses.~cupcakes ice cream cupcakes cake chocolate cake ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~f3yARPVGntSFXmZjMPrUjA~I love it. On our visit, the remodel wasn't quite done, but you couldn't see anything from inside the restaurant and thye had just rolled out a new menu that had a lot of really interesting looking options.   We sat in one of the booths down by the window and had a great view of the valley and the mountains below us. Our server was freakin awesome and brought us these little bread things with some sort of hummus, it was great. I ordered the short rib ravioli and ended up practically licking my plate clean. There could have been a bigger portion, but if I had ordered an appetizer or salad like I should, it would have been a perfectly sized meal.   When they get the patio opened up and the private dining room they have pictures of by the door, this will be a seriously legit contender in the valley dining scene. I'd say they are easily top 10 for overall experience right now anyway.~salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kasLX4bmJhnGgpU_aNWNvg~People, save your time and money. Skip Bellagio; eat at Wynn. Let me do a side-by-side comparison:  Bellagio: souplantation-ish salad bar.  Wynn: gourmet salad bar, including make your own and pre-maid salads in adorable, chic cups.   Bellagio: overdone fruit station with out of season, flavorless fruits Wynn: gourmet fruit and cheese bar, gourmet cold cut bar (salamis, proscuittos, cheeses, figs, apricots, etc)  Bellagio: rare/bloody unseasoned prime rib Wynn: herb crusted prime rib, cooked to perfection, with the delicious taste of fresh herbs and garlic still lingering  Bellagio: BBQ beef brisket swimming in salty A1 sauce Wynn: Rib of Veal, so tender it's practically falling off the bone.  Bellagio: snow crab Wynn: king crab  Bellagio: soft serve Wynn: crepes made to order and a gelato bar. A whole separate room for dessert.   Overall, this buffet is classy, clean, gorgeous. The foods are laid out around the permiter so you don't feel like a cow going from station to station, you can simply gracefully wander around the room (and everything is clearly labeled to catch your attention).    Service is excellent. If you ask for coffee, you will get a carafe of it; if you ask for juice, you'll get a pitcher of fresh squeezed oj.   Noise level is low for a buffet. Prices high, but you're getting quality food. Their ethnic selection is fabulous (the best sweet & sour shrimp and tandoori mahi mahi I've ever had).  Overall, this is a fantastic buffet. The best there is. Apparently this is how good the Bellagio's buffet was before Steve Wynn sold Bellagio to the MGM/Mirage group. For shame.~salad salad salads cheese cheeses garlic beef brisket coffee shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~dDHZK3t-LjY-LWY-Gu28Iw~The atmosphere is wonderful! They have pretty lights outside and the place has an overall feel of fun and relaxed. Exactly what to expect from a fish joint. The owner came to our table and was so nice! We felt very welcome. The food was great, we got the fish tacos. Our waitress was training a young man and had multiple tables, so we got the young man. He did very well at taking care of us, and our waitress made sure to check in and see how things were going every now and then to see if we needed anything. Overall we felt taken care of and enjoyed our experience. I appreciate the lengths the servers at Luke's go to make sure your experience is the best it can be.~tacos ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~oZk_CNBiJwbqp91FN9C85Q~If you have ever purchased from here you may be able to relate to those hungry children lining up for rice in Africa.......but you are more in line of the office professionals in business skirt and high heels waiting in line for your fix of Cup Cakes.....I have tried them all....and my fav is.  Banana cup cake with chocolate cream cheese icing, or the Vanilla Cupcake with chocolate cream cheese icing.    Instead of getting one big cup cake I suggest getting 2 small one's of different flavors and that way you can get to know which drug (I mean cupcake) is the one that resonates with you most.  If Rob Ford came here he may just give up Crack Cocaine for these cup cakes.  All of them are a 3+ (some flavors I have enjoyed more than others)  Sure the prices are a tad on the expensive side - but the quality is consistent and the cup cakes are good. These are not your generic run of the mll cup cakes.  If you want the good pickings order from the website then pick them up at the location....cause if you buy after lunch hour on a Friday or Thursday or a week day before a National Holiday all the good one's will be gone.  You may have to lineup queue for these but it moves rather fast~banana cake cream cheese ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~4OGezhmJDvN8cdJllLbRuw~I decided to make a quick stop here to grab a cupcake to surprise a friend the other day. It's underground at First Canadian Place in what must be like a bakers row or something because it's literally surrounded by four other bakeries. Haha. Anyways, the cupcakes are reasonable priced (3.40 something for the one I ordered) and come in a nicely made carrier and bag if you want. Makes a nice looking gift for the price. In terms of the actual cupcake, I ordered a Chocolate Peanut Butter and it was pretty good...if not great. I don't understand the current trend of putting way too much icing on the top of the cupcake. It shouldn't be to the point that the icing has the same volume as the cake itself, but anyways someone must like them like this because they're pretty common. The icing WAS rich and delicious however: very peanut buttery and decadent. The cake, on the other hand, was a little dry and unimpressive and indiscernible from the made-from-a-box variety. Slightly disappointing. 2.5/5 for the cupcake itself and 4/5 for price and presentation.~cupcakes peanut butter ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~O9DwYA2hW7PsNWEi0ooKGA~We went for a regular lunch buffet in Wynn, it's not bad but I feel it's a bit expansive for what they offered.  I do love the presentation and dinnerware used, it just made the buffet look more fancy and classy.  I didn't try every food since I just had a big champagne bunch the day before and we opt for something lighter.  The grill fish was good, I especially like the mahi mahi, tuna and red snapper, pizza looked nice but it wasn't warm enough by the time I got it, I know it will sound odd but my favorite dish was the grill corn on the cob, the seasoning was just right to bring out the sweetness of the corn.  The desert was my favorite part of the buffet, it has the best coffee ice cream and the chocolate tart was to die for.  I will go back next time for dinner or champagne bunch for sure.~tuna corn corn coffee ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~APYy_MX5wFtbmcH57hLsqQ~Made reservations here for my graduation dinner, and honestly did not see the hype.   Atmosphere - The atmosphere had more of a corporate feel to it, with several large business parties and golf buddies dining beside our large family party. Our server was very patient with us and was very attentive.   Food - The food was average yet pricey, with most entrees $20 and up. A few key plates we ordered:   Guacamole and chips ($9-10) -  very fresh but also very small portions. Could probably only serve 1-2.   Big Ass Burger - all hype. Yes, our burger was huge, sparked awe, but when cut, the beef was dry, the bun soggy, and the vegetables slid out on the first bite. Would not try again.   In summary, the food was just mediocre and there wasn't really anything I'd be back for. If anything, it was a cute restaurant to entertain my out of town family. Otherwise I would not be back here again.~chips burger burger beef ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~BAwLFT2mRCFnyBXMsgLIrA~This place barely earned a one star!  Went here on a groupon recently, it'd been years since we ate here.  I Remember it being pretty good then.  Let me sum it up: we ordered the 9.95 (sandwich, side & drink combo) the beef was burnt dry, the sauce reminded of a grade up from Arby sauce & the fries tasted stale. I Thought I was being  negative but my husband who's not too picky complained more than me. To top it off, we were charged extra for a side we didn't order when we presented this to the cashier she swore we ordered it, we didn't! She finally gave us 1/2 a refund saying we didn't get tax back because of groupon..... huh???? Our original order came to 18.00 the groupon was for 20.  Whatever!   We're never going back!!~sandwich beef fries ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~IDUVraIIywrAIbjlIOsx6w~Probably THE best buffet on the Strip.  The decor was very beautiful.  At the entrance, there were these huge columns of fruit and flowers arranged up to the ceiling, almost.  Then, these professionally dressed and friendly host and hostesses escorted us to our table.  Everything was good there, even the coffee!!  The wait wasn't as bad as Bellagio's buffet, but there was still a wait.  The service was great.  In fact, the salads, the meats (ofcourse), ice creams, were all served to me in the buffet.  There were these salads in these glass cups.  I tried the greek salad which had marinated beef at the bottom of the cup and it was very good.  The Asian Chicken salad was also good and served to me on my plate.  Everything was very tasty and satisfying! :)~coffee salads salads salad beef chicken salad ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~aEjWIhTZYnkUPq5wabA8EA~A great fine dining place! 4.5/5 J and I were there this Saturday with AJ and J. That was my first time to the Elements and I was totally in love with the restaurant's location and surrounding. What a view!  We were seated on a cute bench overlooking at the mountain and sunset that evening. The service was excellent from the moment you stepped inside the restaurant. We started our meal with steam mussels in a delicious creamy sauce. The sauce was a little salty but it was perfect to dip your bread in! (bread was fresh, crusty and warm!). Among 4 of us, we had salmon with asian twist, pork chop, halibut and honey orange duck breast. I have to say among all of them (except pork chop, didn't try that one), the duck breast was my fav! Probabaly the best duck breast (in western style) I'd tried before! Will definitely get that one again next time.  One thing to mention is they have very creative coctails list. J got a suger snap peas martini and it was amazing~ you can taste the subtle fresh sweetness of the snap peas I had a rasberry martini and I enjoyed it as well The experience was memorable and amazing You can watch the sunset while having a superb dinner and great conversation I would go back again for its brunch ~salmon pork honey pork peas peas. 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~z5JyuxnEszwvPwjUKtGlBA~Very nice decor food was good,desserts really good green tea,lychee,peachcobbler ice cream crepes made to order ,over priced and seating to close to everyone everyone is crammed in there it was worth the try and won my money back on keno so it  worked out well.~desserts tea lychee ice cream ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~3Lc5nnfJh7eB7q1I4cg87w~My wife and I dined at Elements on Valentine's Day.  We were looking forward to it but, unfortunately, were very disappointed.  The first three courses (of the prix fixe five course dinner) arrived in rapid succession.  We had barely finished one dish when they yanked the plate away and brought the next one.  It felt like they were trying to hurry us out of the restaurant.  That changed dramatically when we had to wait 45 minutes for the main course.  The couple at the next table arrived 40 minutes after us and were ordering dessert while we waited for our main course to arrive.  It was so bad that they leaned over and said they felt guilty about getting served ahead of us when they arrived so long after we did.  They had ordered the same two main courses as we did and were concerned that they were served our dinners, which may very well have happened. When customers apologize to other customers in this way, you know there's a problem.  When our main courses finally arrived, they served my order to my wife and vice versa. It was like "who ordered the steak"--something I might expect in a diner but not at a restaurant with such pretensions. The food was only fair and much too salty.  Dinner was over $400 with a mid priced bottle of wine.  For this price, we expected a first rate experience which we obviously did not get by a long shot.  I brought the problem to the attention of the manager.  Her unhelpful and seemingly uncaring response: "I hope you will come back and give us another chance."  Why in the world would I want to spend $400 again to risk another bad experience, especially when there are much better restaurants in the area. My advice is to stay far away.~steak ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9_xEtzL7n30nqXiz5D0NzA~I am so, so pleased with my experience here today. Three of us were walking around the Strip on a Saturday and we got pretty hungry around 1pm. I quickly pointed over across the street to this place since I've never been here. We walked in and were waiting on the hostess to seat us. I was looking around and most of the tables were full. Large TVs had march madness stuff going and orders were being delivered left and right. We waited not even five minutes to be seated, but the hostess appeared frazzled over so many people coming in.  We were seated at a table in the back left. It was a spacious table with comfy chairs. Our waitress walked over within a few minutes and she was so quick to get our drinks. I got water and unsweetened iced tea. I looked over the menu and became way too excited for sushi. It's absolutely my favorite thing to eat so I was ready to order the whole menu. I narrowed it down to miso soup, seaweed salad, tuna & salmon sashimi. The two other people I was with ordered fish and chips, a burger, and an Alaskan roll. We chatted while we waited and I felt like our orders came out fairly quickly even though the place was busy. Also, I noticed how it wasn't insanely loud. A plus for sure.   My unsweetened iced tea tasted strong and I liked that because most iced teas taste very watered down to me. Heidi, our waitress, brought over my miso soup and shortly after my sashimi and seaweed salad were delivered. Oh my gosh my sashimi was beautiful, fresh, and extremely delicious! The same goes for miso soup and seaweed salad, which was the tastiest I've had so far in Pittsburgh. I was head over heels for my food. I've finally found the sushi I've been dreaming of. Heidi was fabulous at keeping our drinks refilled and coming back to check on all of us. I liked that she didn't abandon us after getting us our orders.  Towards the end of our meals, I decided I wanted to try a rainbow roll and asked if I could have it without rice. I wasn't trying to be a pain in the butt and I rarely ever ask for substitutions of any kind. Heidi said she'll see what she could do. She didn't say no and she didn't ignore my request. She put my order in and I was treated to an incredible modification with rainbow roll filling surrounded by a cucumber shell. It tasted amazing. I went over and praised/thanked the sushi chefs because they got creative and they provided excellent customer service. I thanked Heidi as well. She was so kind, bubbly, and an overall joy that added to our dining experience. We all adored her! Praise for the customer service, the food, and overall atmosphere. I was so happy and I'm definitely coming back for more of that sushi!~tea sushi miso soup salad tuna salmon chips burger tea miso soup salad miso soup salad sushi cucumber sushi sushi ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~jnbQRnmyZyqS7Kt5eY9a2g~$10 for a medium drink, chicken sandwich, and a small salad = MEH! Overpriced and nothing special of this BBQ chicken sandwich.  I'll go back for a second try, someday...~chicken sandwich ~2 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~_vhf-J8b85bvk1yP452QUQ~Pork cutlet is bomb!  My other choice is BBQ mic plate!  And gotta have my Thai iced tea!~pork thai tea ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tZOPsHa1_CAaUEkHPqToNw~Their fries are fantastic. Seriously. You'd think a French fry is a fry, but it's not. When I get an entree with fries, I always eat those first. So crispy and salty and hot and not overly greasy. The truffle popcorn is a great snack during cocktail hour. Their cocktails are original and fun. Menus are a bit limited (especially if you're a vegetarian) but what they offer is very good. The atmosphere and view makes up for the limited options. I've had brunch, lunch, dinner, and cocktails there multiple times. Never had a bad experience, although sometimes it takes a while to get your drinks because everyone slams the bar with orders for foo-foo cocktails instead of keeping it simple with wine and beer. Whatever. Sh*t happens. Instead of getting bitchy I do something really drastic: I relax and enjoy the people I'm dining with and admire the view, and if we're going to order a second round, we do it earlier rather than later.  ;)  I also like that they feature local and seasonal foods. Keep doing that.~fries fries popcorn ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bOrw7bVCZRQQYi62qRo6CQ~Well, thank you very much Graze! All other burgers have been forever ruined.  The Graze Burger is simply amazing!  Seriously, my boyfriend and I savored every single bite....and when there were no bites left, we cried a little inside.  This $21 burger is the most expensive burger I've ever had the honor to eat and it was worth it! Yep, completely worth every penny!  The Graze burger is a delicious blend of local meats (ground bacon, ribeye, short ribs and sirloin), with perfectly caramelized onions, some sort of out-of-this-world sauce,  SarVecchio cheese, a light and tasty bun and homemade fries with garlic aioli.  Do yourself a favor and eat this burger!   We also split the Bipimbob which was a new flavor for both of us.  Love the crispy rice squares and the spice was perfect.  The overall flavor was powerful and exciting.   This is a must try! I appreciated the short wait for our table (only 10 minutes) and the personable wait staff.  Multiple interactions with various employees (hostess, waiter, a supervisor) were appropriately fun and light hearted.   I can't wait to return to Graze.  The food is amazing, the wait staff is attentive and I love that this is a local restaurant that supports local food sources.~burgers burger burger burger burger bacon ribs cheese fries garlic burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~_89pokAAh44za7aRPXOwIw~Shrip, crab, steak, cheese, cake what more could a girl ask for. We were looking for a vegas buffet and we definitely found it here. The chicken was a little dry and some of the meat was okay.  But over all very good. The best buffet I have ever had and I felt like I was going to a tea party!~steak cheese cake chicken tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~g6RzWV_nV7QJRPn-_uxkZQ~Big Ass Burger was awesome! Great $5 mojitos. Service was excellent. Best place to go in Scottsdale!~burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~qYkNEDyRjJ1q4EycNf3g3A~I really dislike their cupcakes. The cake itself is flavourless, and I've always found the icing too buttery and sweet. And no wonder with 700 calories and 30 grams of fat in their regular cupcakes. That is so disastrous and isn't acceptable in any way. 300 calories - ok. 700? No way Prarie Girl. This is not the age for it. I can honestly make far tastier and healthier cupcakes at home. There are places where they do it better but those are mostly boutique shops a little far from downtown.~cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~p-Wd_g69688CC2Vx80bqog~We went to Aloha Hawaiian BBQ for lunch on Sunday.  We had the Chicken Cutlet.  The Gravy was ONO.  The BBQ Mix plate.  The BBQ Chicken.  BBQ bowl and spam musubi.  Have to say it was delicious.  Why can I say that...When we go the food there was no noise from us we were too busy eating.  Fast service and good food.  Very good we will come back soon.~chicken bbq chicken ~5 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~HNU0-xK3-qbXZIwJEnYw6A~Loved, loved, loved this place.  When we sat down and looked at the menu and the nice micro beer and wine list and thought man if this place had cocktails it would be perfect.  Guess what, they have a secret assortment of liquor and a great kick ass Manhattan that is the trifecta of large, strong, and tasty.  Ok because I am also about the food, the food was amazing.   We started with the Charcuterie plate of 2 cheeses and 2 meats (I would have liked some more interesting cheeses and would love to see some more creativity with a chutney) the Caprese Salad, and the Fingerling Potatoes.  All three were nicely sized for sharing and nicely priced. We moved on to try three of the salads. The Italian was a nice assortment of meats and greens with Parmesan. The roasted veggie salad had beets, onions, green beans, summer squash with greens.  The Ashland was baby spinach with bacon onions and Parmesan. The dressing choices were a nice Parmesan peppercorn and a weirdly gloppy fat free Italian (just about the only miss tonight). For our next round we tried the tasty Sausage and Mushroom and the more interesting and even more tasty pesto prosciutto flatbreads.  Both were crisp and chewy and perfect.  I had the Green Chili Pork. This little casserole of tasty was had pork chunks and onions in a nicely balanced green chili sauce with just a bit of heat (I would add jalapeos next time).  Next to this I had the AuGratin Potatoes. Shaped like a load of corn bread, these were some of the best AuGratins I have ever had.  We split the bittersweet chocolate cake with vanilla gelato and raspberry sauce.  Nice balance but a slight miss with too cold gelato but still very good. Great service with good recommendations, wine and beer and the $140 bill seemed like a steal.  We will be back for sure.~cheeses cheeses salad salads greens salad green beans summer squash greens spinach bacon sausage mushroom pork pork corn bread chocolate cake ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~ND_Yowv2DicEyAp5MmwNGw~Another great Mad Mex location right in Robinson close to the mall. I met up with my father who was staying close to the airport overnight, and I actually had a bit of trouble finding the place (it's cryptically hidden facing the highway on the first floor of an office building. Once I found the parking lot, though, it was smooth sailing, good company, and good food. One thing I will complain about, which happens at every Mad Mex location, is they put small tables incredibly close to other tables- which means that you're essentially immersed in both of your neighboring tables' conversations (and vise versa). However, the food was really great- I had a taco salad and they allowed me to substitute the beef for tofu (which was above par). The waitress was incredible, not even considering that it was a crazy busy Friday night. I probably won't eat there again because I live closer to the Oakland and Shadyside locations, but I definitely recommend it.~taco salad beef tofu ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZA9MBvFVCoQ9t_V-qd-dWg~Terrible bank like atmosphere.   Best burger in town.~burger ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~EWi9Lk-XImHOFGlNry0gXw~I've had good, and I have had bad.  The good, actually the best, were the Oysters.  Fresh, clean, chilled, and tastes like the ocean.  Having grown up on the ocean, I was shocked to eat oysters in Madison, WI that tasted like they had just been pulled out of the water.  I've had both burgers, and I think either one is ok.  The spendy burger, as I like to call it, just has WAY too much going on to really appreciate any one component.  I appreciate the ambition of this dish, but too much gets lost in the process.  The average burger is, well, it's average.  Far better burgers in other places around town.  The trout plate was simply amazing, and I was again stammered by it because I have been a fisherman for most of my life and trout have been my primary catch.  The bone marrow is something that you think might be gross, but once you've got it dressed up on the bread it all comes together well.  I'm not a person who easily deals with soft textures, but the marrow had me wanting more.  The cheese curds are hit or miss.  Some days, they are simply amazing.  Light, crispy and not overdone (I mean this in terms of cooking and size of curd), the first time I had these I knew they were the best I had eaten.  The pork entree, quite frankly, sucked when I ordered it.  I was shocked at how tough the ribs were, but the pulled pork was great.  The liver appetizer was good, and you'll probably love it if you're a liver person.  The fries are usually amazing.  Pork bun was good...I don't know what else one can say about a Pork bun.  I've eaten a couple of other items, but I can't remember enough about them to comment here.  That's not a dig on Graze, but I have found myself thinking that the biggest issue there is consistency.  Service has always been great when I have gone.  Alcohol selections are good as well.  I'll definitely be back because it's usually a good experience.  I've had some bad experiences, but I'm not going to hold those over Graze's head and get all uppity about it.  There are few restaurants in this world that are perfect.  Also, as much as people loved Soleil...I find the new location to be FAR better.  Ditto for L'Etoile.  Even though they just moved up the street, the ambiance and views are exponentially better.~burgers burger burger burgers cheese pork ribs pulled pork ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Q3I7iHXtgA32O2fudBzv1g~Excellent!  Stumbled across this place on trip to Madison - I may have to do a road trip just to return to Graze!  Beautiful view of the capital in a trendy atmosphere.  Server was just wonderful and very knowledgeable about everything on the menu.  The beet salad is an explosion of diverse flavors and textures: sweet beets and figs, buttery crunchy crostini, creamy goat cheese - wow!  Being informed that the Graze Burger won best burger in the U.S. by James Beard, I had to give it a try - it held up to that reputation!~beet salad cheese burger burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~txi7qRlpHFMxLPSF1CmXgQ~Torn!  I'm always torn with high end buffets!  The decor was beautiful, and the variety of foods that you have to choose from is enormous!  But in the end, MOST of it is just breakfast food!  They did have a few items that were unique, stood out, and were delicious, but if you tend to stick to traditional breakfast fare, you're really not going to get your money's worth!  The service was average, but they were friendly and polite.  But for as much as this places charges, it wasn't that crowded, and it took quite a while to receive our first cup of coffee.  I was expecting a little more.  But if you're looking for the wow factor when it comes to selection and decor, this buffet is perhaps the best that I've been to.  Overall, if you're looking for a Vegas buffet experience, it's worth the visit!~coffee ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~ID--KDtrJpE5wUtUZTk5Iw~Gorgeous end to a trip in AZ. We started the evening out watching the sunset on the Edge with a great waitress, Amber. She also assisted us in getting a great seat in the restaurant where we proceeded just after sunset. Cameron greeted us with a friendly smile and lovely dinner suggestions. I got the Bacon Wrapped Filet... Amazing! The best meal of the bunch was Korean BBQ. It was out of this world!~bacon ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~4BCkBcVeFnLwniDHcIyICw~It is the ever changing menu that brings me in to Elements about once a month and my confidence in Chef Beau's creations. The ever changing menu generally changes about once a month. With every change I am there!!  Although the menu changes nearly every month they're a few items that to the core stay the same but has invited new guests to hang out for the "Mouth Party". Every menu change focuses on whats in season, what's fresh locally and I'm guessing Chef's mood. The core menu items that will usually make it to the dance are Foie Gras, Escargot, Elemental Soup, Duck Breast, Filet Mignon and Seafood. Sometimes he knocks these dishes out of the park while other times they FAIL. The most recent menu 3/2011 was not particularly my favorite. The Elemental soup was basically a water based Mushroom Boullion and it was weak. The Calamari was very, very, very amateure and the Duck failed to impress. Some highlights of Beau's recent menu were the Foie, and the 5 spice pork osso buco??? The pork with the Buddah buns really hit on all points.   The reason I give this place 4 stars is because it well deserves it. The reason in which I don't give 5 is because I order around 7-8 dishes and every time most impress but there is always one or two that are complete misses and I get pissed. Foie Gras pudding....nope, Dayboat Scallops were really missing there nutty, buttery sweetness and the sear on these gigantic suckers was not present. Others however like Escargot pot pie / Escargot Wontons and the most recent Escargot spring rolls wrapped in phyllo was killer. I trust Beau with every Foie dish and any Pork dish. The Kurabata Pork Belly Fried Rice is Killer.   Make your reservation for an outside table about 40 minutes prior to sunset for what I consider to be one of the best locations to enjoy an excellent dinner with a beautifull sunset. Enjoy!!~soup soup mushroom pork osso buco pork pie pork pork fried rice ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~02c6UETmG6iXHnN0Ymqddw~Not the best in Vegas but pretty good. They deliver too and that's awesome, especially if you lazy. Love their hamburger steak and musubis!~hamburger steak ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~smqCWNz6radCV5y6C46hNA~We went for lunch, and had the fried cheese curds. I also had the Korean Reuben (i.e., a Reuben with kimchi instead of sauerkraut). The variety and creativity of the menu is fantastic. The price is good for the quality. Recommended.~cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Lo9BTvu38k9IdChzGjcJXg~its actually a no star buffet.  It was all gross. prime rib was over done, i only stuck with the fruits and desserts, i guess they can have one star for good coffee.  Come to Wynn for clubbing, not eat, very very disappointed for this level of casino.~desserts coffee ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ctUwqEksMQ1CD9fF1KtRpA~I gotta say I was disappointed.  We went for lunch. Ordered a half sandwich and soup - grilled cheese and sweet pea. Definitely not impressed. Soup was fine but too much cream. Grilled cheese was uninspired. Hardly any cheese. Grilled onion flavor dominated.  My friend orders the pulled pork sandwich and substituted fries for the cheese curds.  The sandwich had hardly any meat. How is that even conceivable?  The cheese curds were meh, sent them back for a salad. Mixed greens.  Service notes:   ... The waitress didn't tell what items weren't available. Of course I picked the one not available.  ... I asked to taste the soup before I ordered it. Kitchen said no. I said fine I'll send it back if I didn't care for it. It was ok.  ... They brought us the wrong meals.   Unimpressed. And honestly, I was so looking forward to it.~sandwich soup cheese soup cheese cheese onion pulled pork ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OImbV6JMRlBAdNIcREpqFQ~If you haven't been here yet....then you're missing out!!  Big Ass Burgers, Fried Chicken, and a happy hour that is worth every penny.....shall I say more??~burgers fried chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~LMK7PhOLUiB_0ctSH8SRcQ~What a fantastic dining experience!  Graze caters my company's annual anniversary dinner so we had a pretty good experience with them about a year ago.  After seeing that our normal brunch was overloaded, we wandered downtown Madison and wandered into Graze.  This place is joining our restaurant rotation.  Everything here is local and they list the farmers and local organic places they support with the food that they're producing.  The results are really delicious foods that surprisingly won't break the bank.    I had the Ramen noodle bowl and my girlfriend had the Nutella stuffed French Toast.  Both were really, really good.  Graze additionally has lemonade that is flavored with a seasonal fruit (in our case, Plum).  This was also delicious.  What really took the cake was the vodka battered cheese curds.  Amazing.  Probably now my favorite cheese curds ever.  The housemade dill ranch they serve with it was out of this world.  So far I've used yelp to highlight the best and the worst places only.  If I could extra star highlight Graze, I would.~ramen french toast plum cake cheese cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BxuCkMSfVl38uhCZ--aabA~My favorite neighborhood restaurant. Food is awesome and the staff is very friendly. Green Chili Pork and the Big Ass Burger are amazing with a Goose Island Belgian Style Ale.~pork burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~o7sb3qiomB6nuHZOsVsWSw~700 calories per $3 cupcake. Firstly expensive. Secondly with 700 cal, Prairie Girl what are you guys making... Cupcakes or BigMacs?! Honestly, the  cupcakes themselves are overloaded with frosting and the cake portion tastes plain nasty. I would not recommend this place at all. Save yourself the bad experience and go elsewhere.~cupcakes cupcakes cake ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~drDpZLseIf7M0iZiYsnl5A~The downtown location has turned into a dump!!!  Waited 1 hr for a beef sandwich.  People actually applauded when they called their order.  All trash cans were full and stacked with plates.  Sauce container was empty with plastic forks at the bottom that had fallen in.  The food was sloppy and they had a bunch of teenagers running the business.  The filth was gross!!  I used to be a fan but now I'm taking 1 yr off before I return!!~beef sandwich ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~6tPlN3t4YTLLinroF1rYuw~I have yet to taste better pakistani food in my life!  Lahore Tikka House is good, Ghandi Roti tasty but neither comes even close to the flavours served up at King Palace.  Give the ginger chicken a try (packs a punch of heat and complex flavor), bhaji kashmiri and and any of the curries.  We tend to order the 3 veg on rice and 3 meat with naan to go (both come with salad, yogurt dressing on the side and drink) and there is sooo much left over between 2 people even eating like complete pigs.    It usually comes out to around 20$, insane!  I am in love!  If you are eating in it's pretty no frills, more of a cafeteria style setting.  Parking out front and easy to walk to from bloor and yonge.  Make sure to get a plastic bag, that reddish oil seeping out of the containers is hell to get out of anything if it spills.~ginger chicken salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~MigB3TFosWbhOIOANIFuhQ~hands down - BEST buffet in Vegas! :)  The selection and quality of food really surpasses the other mediocre buffets. The selection is so vast that you can't taste everything there - so choose wisely! The best thing is that you can sample all types of foods from just ONE buffet. I tried so many things that I've been meaning to try from one trip to Wynn! Kobe beef sliders, cerviches, indian curry, smoked trout, korean kimchi, mexican salsa/guac, sushi, greek salads, brie, salami, pancakes, french toast, etc etc.. and thier dessert selection was immense!  The service is superb. You ask for hot tea, and you get a whole array of tea bags and honey to choose form. Order a coffee, you get a whole pot to yourself. You can have salads tossed for you and ice-cream dishes made for you on demand.   Go for lunch! Prices are decent~ 24 with tax and the food you get is very similar to dinner may be w o crab legs ~beef smoked trout, salsa/ sushi, salads, salami, pancakes, french toast, tea, tea honey coffee, salads 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rvlNrpw-2fSu4zRNRLG0xg~The atmosphere is great as well as the service. I had the burger and the Mac and cheese. The Mac n cheese and the fries were awesome! But the burger  was average as best. Overall above average.~burger mac and cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JqTjb6WEF5M5JxEafgMyGA~I love the cozy feel of Roaring Fork, but what's even better than the atmosphere is their incredible happy hour menu. I think they have one of the best happy hours in town, especially when they start their all-night happy hour during the summer months! That's right, I said all night happy hour! Their happy hour menu includes their signatures items including the pork stew, fish tacos and the Big Ass burger...and yes friends, it's truly a Big Ass Burger! Keep an eye on their updates because a little birdie told me that the all night happy hour is coming to town very soon!~pork tacos burger burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~Z86UMxhkV8DRwWU-3dRY4g~Prairie Girl Bakery is no doubt esthetically pleasing.  Clean, crisp and picture perfect cupcakes are displayed with an operation that resembles a magical cupcake factory that only Willy Wonka could conjure up!  Their cupcakes however, leave something a little less to the imagination.  The cake itself lacks flavour and could probably be replicated with a storebought cupcake mix.  The icing, (leaning on the sweeter side) is generous and satisfying.    Since opening, this little cupcake factory has definitely skyrocketed among the Bay-Street types with immense popularity and I don't see it fading any time soon.  Even bankers need a lil' bit of sugar with their latte's and for that, Prairie Girl delivers.~cupcakes cupcakes cake ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~9VR6jCw-fqHh3-CMzxwkcg~Decided to finally try this place, so glad I did! I was really craving a lobster roll but they are only available for lunch and we arrived around 7. I knew I couldn't get one but was excited to eat there anyway. My boyfriend and I both ordered the special... Alaskan king crab legs caught by the people from The Deadliest Catch! It cost $100 for 2 dinners but so worth it. They cut the crab so the meat basically falls out on it's own. They were insane. So sweet so meaty. Red skin smashed potatoes and charred asparagus were the sides served the crab. Everything was delicious! We also enjoyed the mini crab cake appetizer, complimentary, thanks to checking in on Yelp :) The staff was friendly and knowledgable on the menu. We also had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Wholey, he came to our table and introduced himself. They have a nice selection of craft beers. I had an All Day session IPA and loved it. 5 stars no complaints!!~lobster roll asparagus crab cake ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~ccYhCXB8GVGjDnbUueAtOA~Very prompt service during happy hour on a busy Friday. My waitress Alysha was super attentive and polite even though she was working a party of over 15 next to me. I went especially for the seasonal Summer "Watermelon Mojito" and I ordered a Jalapeo turkey burger. Everything was delicious!~burger ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~j1B2bzL2raHsHOy3eAaYPA~This is my new favorite place for Indian food in Toronto. They're open till 6 in the morning and are a great alternative to a 24 hour Mickeys for those late night cravings. They also have parking right in front of the restaurant and so that headache is taken care of. The food is excellent although some dishes are really oily. All the food including the kebabs is prepepared and heated up in a microwave before being served although i don't think it reduces the taste of the food too much and everything is still pretty delicious. The chicken shahi is one of the extra oily dishes. While it tastes really good, the amount of oil in it is disgusting and makes you feel a bit sick. The chicken tikka masala isn't what you'd expect. Instead of chicken tikkas thrown into a butter chicken like gravy, it has a completely different gravy that is a lot spicier and a bit too harsh for me. The Kashmiri chicken has methi (fenugreek) in it and since i hate anything thats green, this is my least favorite dish on the menu. I usually get the butter chicken though which i really love. It is still really heavy but tastes really good and doesn't seem to have the floating oil problem that a lot of the other dishes have. They also have a lot of dishes that most places don't have on their menu like haleem and even brain masala which is exactly what you think it is. I did get the mango lassi once but wouldn't recommend it. It wasn't thick like its supposed to be and was a bit of a waste tbh. Overall though i have never left kings palace unsatisfied and i believe almost everything on the menu is really good. Kings palace also seems to be pretty popular with the cabbies of Toronto and there are usually a couple of cabs parked outside. Their food is priced really well and so maybe that is a factor in involved. The combo system seems like the way to go with 2 naans, a drink and a salad along with your food coming up to about 12 bucks. They also have an option to have three dishes instead of one for the same price which seems like a really good deal except they're all still put into the same bowl and so by the end of it you're eating something that has a little bit of the other two dishes in it as well. My only complaint with kings palace is the bathrooms which are absolutely filthy and unfortunately a must to wash your hands after the butter chicken. I usually try to sneak into the ladies washroom which is a bit cleaner for some reason. Overall a great place and definitely a better bet than lahore tikka house which i never liked to begin with.~chicken chicken chicken butter chicken chicken butter chicken mango lassi salad butter chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UmUN3xNsG6h294r2NZojMQ~Forty dollars per person is pretty high for a Buffett.  This is just an average Buffett. I had the salad which tasted like it came out of a bag. It was ok.  We were there for Sunday brunch and had the orange juice-I was expecting fresh squeezed but it was not even something I wanted to drink, tasted like it came from a powder mix.  The French toast was very good but my coffee was bland and watery.  The croissants were excellent.  The freshly chopped up fruit is nice too but all in all a pricy Buffett for the overall quality of the food.~salad french toast coffee ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~B467kNv1WwSQBJlKJRmdYA~The absolute highest creativity and quality you'll find in Scottsdale.  All the regular items are wonderful and the rotating dishes like the BLT salad are outstanding.  The ribs - YES.  The barbequed chicken - OH YEAH.  The green chile mac and cheese - HMMMM.  In the dining room or bar (best deals), you'll love it.~salad ribs chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZFSaiRh7JH-YJ1NtUGhcdQ~Great space directly across from the State Capitol. Great vibe and decor.  If I worked nearby, I'd want to hang out here after work.  Enjoyed six of the many cheeses they offer for their cheese plate, but the cheese plate was not as good as the one at Eno Vino in Middleton.  Graze cheese plate comes with a sweet blueberry jam which I didn't think was an ideal fit for the sharp cheese they offer.  I feel that sharp cheese requires a stronger flavor such as apricot jam or honey. Cheese plates in other restaurants often include grapes, apples, pears, olives and/or nuts. Graze's cheese plate seems skimpy and boring in comparison.~cheeses cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese apricot honey cheese grapes cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~VHrebfF1MEOe5OYpt5nlvA~solid 4 stars  pro tip: go right before 1pm to get in for the transition where you get to try both brunch and lunch/dinner meals together!  they honestly had great prime rib and almost nothing else...however, the dessert section more than made up for it...green tea ice cream, creme brulee, panna cotta, tiramisu to die for~tea ice cream ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Qn0uG2yTzBVm8W5OQ0melg~Named one of the best buffets in Vegas, we were not disappointed. We came for the Monday holiday brunch, after going through the waiting line took ~40 minutes but I felt it was definitely worth the wait Decor of the main dining area is breathtakingly extravagant resembling an Alice in Wonderland setting where all the pieces are made of flowers however we were seated off to the side decorated in vibrant warm colors yellow orange reds With the exception of the sushi everything I ate tasted amazing was flavored and cooked well Their juice bar includes fresh mixed juice drinks I even overheard a gentleman asking for a pitcher of it The meats station offers many hot cuts of meat sliced to order The desserts are not overly sweet include interesting flavors of ice cream although I think some of the chocolate desserts are too much chocolate Overall service was pleasant and efficient My favorite dish was eggs in purgatory a poached egg yolk still runny plus points served atop a tomato mixture ~sushi, desserts ice cream, desserts egg ( tomato 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~X0-IY8qjLrNSsHCR5c9TDA~Valentines day is supposed to be a pleasent memory. This one was not, courtesy of Luke Wholeys.    After arriving early for a reservation, we placed an order at the bar for old bay peel and eat shrimp. 5 mins after placing that order we were ushered to our table. The bar staff assured me that the shrimp would be sent to the tableside. It took them another 45 mins to present half a dozen peel and eat shrimp and no old bay seasoning. Cocktail sauce tasted more of horseradish rather than a traditional sauce.   Lobster bisque fries: arrived 20 mins ahead of the peel and eat shrimp and  whilst visually appealing, it left much to be desired. Lobster meat was rubbery and overcooked, almost artificial in taste. Fries were limp and soaked in grease as well as the bisque. Bisque had an overpowering sherry taste to it. Almost drowning any other flavor profile.    Main course, had hoped that it would have rebounded the already dismal experience so far, but was as inadequate as the rest of the meal. Baja blackened shrimp and scallops with a jasmine rice bed and four grilled asparagus. Rice was covered in a sweet balsamic reduction that tasted more soy sauce then balsamic vinegar reduction. Shrimp and scallops were overcooked and had the feel of rubber bouncing balls.       It will be a very long time before i ever decide to return, if at all~shrimp shrimp shrimp horseradish fries shrimp fries shrimp jasmine asparagus soy sauce shrimp ~1 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~2VrT60b0y81yaHcv0p3BGA~Tuesdays is 1/2 off oysters so the sign outside the restaurant caught my eye. You can't beat $12 for a dozen! My 2 little boys had the chicken tenders and grilled cheese. First of all, the chicken tenders are made from real chicken (not like those freezer tenders or nuggets) and the batter was just the right amount. I had the mahi-mahi tacos and it had just the right amount of heat to it. My husband had the fish & chips. There were 3 good-size portions and there was definitely more fish than batter. My husband, who is normally a big eater, could not even finish even after I helped eat 1 of the fish portions. The batter is not the deep-fried batter and it was delicious. The restaurant makes their own sauce and this definitely even added points. I had the mahi-mahi tacos which on the menu it said you only get 2. I expected the portion to be tiny since they are appetizers but the portions were enough for it to be a meal for me. Finally, we had the pumpkin cheesecake which even with 4 people was a big portion to share. We had to take 1/2 of it home, along with the fish & chips. The icing on the cake for us was Angie, our server. She is the best server I have ever had. She was very attentive, always refilling our drinks (soda only) without us asking. We would be halfway through our drinks and in she comes with our next round, and even filling to-go cups for us. She was very friendly, and for her alone this review is more than 5 stars!~chicken cheese chicken chicken tacos chips tacos appetizers pumpkin chips cake ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~3i-XOxgqzO2WmdTn0UHqOg~Cool Spot in a Hot Town. What a hidden treasure. This place has atmosphere, great service and "big ass" food. The service was tremendous sitting at the bar. We ordered the Big Ass Burger and shared it because it was one "big ass" burger. Ceiling fans and misters keep you nice and cool on the patio in temperatures over 100. The bartenders are friendly and deliver great service.  The food is out of this world.  We recommend the BLT salad and Big Ass Burger. Stop by this restaurant to cool your heels and fill your belly.~burger burger salad burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~jdfZ9gOzmPauCr3zicErqw~Went here for the first time for Sunday Brunch. Brunch without bottomless glass of mimosa or Bloody Mary was $37 per person. We arrived around 11am and was told it was an hour wait. I had friends rave that it's the best buffet in Vegas...so we waited. It was more like an hour and a half before we were seated.   The decor is lovely with colourful (albeit fake) flowers and the room is very bright with natural light.   I started with breakfast foods. Eggs Benedict was good, but I prefer the Bellagios hollandaise. Omelette made to order was the best part of the breakfast selections. Weirdly no type of breakfast potato or hash brown. (Actually now thinking back no potatoes of any kind at the carving station either). There was a fruit and yogurt bar for lighter choices and interesting little carafes of juices like watermelon ginger.  Returned to the table to find juice and coffee. OJ was fresh. Coffee not so much.   For the lunch options I tried their roast beef. The carver was spaced out and I had to ask repeatedly for a med-rare piece. He first placed well done on my plate without looking at me or listening to what I was saying. The piece I got was pretty good. I also tried their charcuterie board that had some nice salami and pickles.  By the time we got to the dessert station we were too full to enjoy. There is a homemade ice cream bar and lots of little pastries.   Overall tons of options of general good quality. Best in Vegas? Not for me, but if eating decent food until you break the elastic in your stretchy pants is your thing, this is a good option. For the price point, I'd rather have one course of seriously delicious food.~eggs benedict potato brown ginger coffee coffee beef salami pickles ice cream pastries ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~oVZpT0NdKxApXrsAUKpBqQ~Food was amazing, crab cake was phenomenal. We ordered the calamari, mussels, three rivers sushi entree, Maui mahi taco, mini crab cakes.  Everything came out great and tasty, except the mussels, while it tasted delicious, there were multiple dead and stinky ones.  A older gentleman walked around and talked to customers, and he asked how everything was and I told him. He said it would be taken off, however the manager (different person) took off 50% for the dish after we told the waiter that brought our check at full price. Now I don't care about the $7.50, but it's more about customer service. I've managed restaurants also, and I wouldn't ever refund for a dish if there was no problem and it's just the customer being difficult, but the mussels were dead and there's practically nothing inside, except for the lining of the mussel. Don't tell me you'd refund me for the dish that you made with dead mussels and then not do it. It's a matter of principle, the money is not an issue.  This is the first time visiting Pittsburgh, and I heard good things about this place. Food was good, customer service, not that great. And customer service/experience is a big part of my dining experience. Waiter was good though.~crab cake ~2 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~vgKa5I5ffkRST2z_PAMsug~Stopped in after reading reviews. I had 1/2 tuna & salad bar. Partner had 1/2 pastrami & salad bar. Both 1/2 sandwiches huge & delicious. Salad bar full of fresh veggies, greens, potato salad, mini muffins. Ice cream too. Had their own brand flatbread crackers that were outstanding. Employee Jason came to table to make sure we were happy, very personable. Hostess Pamela who took our order was top notch, friendly, gave us good suggestions from menu. Even gave me sample of tuna before I ordered. Great place to go~tuna salad pastrami salad sandwiches salad greens potato salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~fZWPCgBrVEfP-2tHvYlQ-A~Oh my happy happy mouth and belly!  I think I can happily put this in the category of some of the best food I've ever eaten. The restaurant is great and the service was impeccable. I was there with a group of other Yelp CMs and we were treated to an absolute feast! I can't do justice to the massive amount of food we ate, but everything was unbelievable.  I shared a steak, and it was tender and perfectly cooked and the mashed potatoes were insanely good! They were creamy, smooth and rich. The chicken flat bread was very tasty, as was the green chile mac and cheese. Every dish was heavenly and I don't think I've ever been so full!! Yet I wanted to eat 100 times more!  This was truly a memorable experience and I'm really excited to go back!~steak chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~h8wHXFALgloI0By4nh_4hw~Food was great. Macaroni noodles were maybe a little over cooked. I would stay away from the chicken was a bit dry. The pork is the best choice. Tall, bald, older man who seemed to be a manager was rude not only to me and other customers but I heard him chew out the bus boy.  I would go back but maybe a different hour in hopes to avoid the rude cashier/manager.~chicken pork ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~C0LRjcS_UglnxsNr939f5Q~Great service- even better food had the loaded breakfast sandwich the egg was cooked perfectly the hubby ordered the bagel and lox -very fresh. Has the cheese curds to start with- best decision ever. Very happy with food and service.~sandwich egg cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n3hbehzq_Lut-rllTsihZA~Amaaaaaazzzing every time!!!!  4th  visit today.  Happy hour is ammmmmaaaaazzzing!!!!  I have had the chicken flat bread,  fish tacos,  and tonight  a special grit,  quacamole salsa cake that was a daily "special" !!! Those items are amazzzzzinggg !!!  Ingredients are fresh and the items are consistent every visit.  The huckleberry margarita is  amazzzzing every visit!!  The drinks are cheap during happy hour and definitely good!!!  Yeh!!  Best happy hour place in Scottsdale"!  My friend loves the "Big Ass Burger"!!~chicken tacos salsa cake burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Qj5XEKv1naLqTeax9P8FBA~This place is okay.  Food is fair, service fair but slow, drinks ( weak ), price a little high.  I have gone for happy hour a few times and the burger is good but after that very disappointing.  Modeled a little after Houston's that where the comparisons stop.... Food is nowhere near Houston's.  Drinks are all water and they charge you for a double if you order vodka on the rocks... Really!!!  My advise head down to old town.... It is 1 mile south!~burger ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~3brA4CRMWggdo2F_LZHvRg~I had expected a top quality dining experience and got a prepackaged meal.   Evidently, the meals are made-ahead and reheated. All I wanted was a piece of grilled salmon. This is NOT a culinary challenge, especially since they had salmon with crab stuffing on the menu, so I figured how hard is it to make the salmon without the crab? It's impossible, evidently, because the meals have been made in advance. This would be OK at a strip mall chain place, but this place is trying to be fine dining.  The decor was trying to be urban/arty but the art was oddly hung and uneven in quality, as if some actual art had been purchased but other pieces had been painted by somebody's retired aunt. Also, there is more to decorating than exposed brick. Just sayin.   Drinks were very expensive (like New York City expensive) and the pour was very light.  Waitstaff was eager but sort of giddy.   We won't be returning.~salmon salmon salmon ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5oSM_SiVLc8SdJ02mrNfOw~Ambience: Bright, colorful, and comfortable. The enticing colored furniture and unique chandeliers made this buffet stand out from The Spice Market Buffet. There are probably 5-6 large dining areas. The booths and the leather covered seats were very comfortable.   Service: The attentive staff was remarkable. Much better here than other buffets in Vegas. I ordered coffee, ginger ale, iced tea and water and the staff kept them coming and cleared the table when needed.  Food: THE MOST important thing about buffets is that the food MUST NOT BE OVERCOOKED and/or DRY(especially if you are going in late after the lunch or dinner rush)... Everything I tried was not at all those things. There were a few items that needed salt but I preferred adding my salt rather than eating an entree that was too salty. With buffets there are always certain items that are a hit or miss due to personal preferences. Highlights: Chilean Seabass- melted in my mouth!! It was an absolute a delicacy and my favorite. The red snapper was very delicate as well. The steak, salads, and breads were good. Out of all the desserts my favorite were the wonderful gelato/ice cream selection with a homemade crepe and the moist chocolate cake. FYI- they only serve crepes for dinner, so after 3:30pm. Also, since we had a late lunch the chefs had to turnover to dinner so they put out crab legs and other seafood items. The nice thing about this buffet is that they cut the legs in half so it's much easier to just pick the meat out of the open shell rather than having to deshell it yourself.  This is a pricier buffet but definitely worth trying at least once!  I will have to try some of the other buffets and come back to give this one an update.~coffee ginger tea steak salads breads desserts ice cream chocolate cake ~5 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~L8uPI5AT4HkxACpNu6u7YQ~I went back last night for some late night food and drinks after a movie, and need to update this a bit.  The food and drinks are great.  Seafood Chowder and potato pancakes with smoked salmon are amazing.  I am addicted to their steamed mussels.  The food is still excellent.  Enjoyed some Two Brothers on tap, Baily's and Coffee for my buddy, and they had an Irish like folk band playing that was really good.  The service was horrific.  There might have been two other full tables besides us, along with just two or three people at the bar.  The place was not packed at all.  It was damn near impossible to get served.  The waitress would not even look at us most the night.  I don't know what happened?  During a nearly full lunch hour, the service was spot on before.  We could not even get our bill after asking several times.  Really, you guys don't want to get money for the meal and drinks?  OK, fine with me.  We ended up just putting some cash on the table and left.    I am thinking of taking off another star.  Though the food, vibe, and drinks was still excellent.~chowder potato pancakes ~4 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~jY-8ZoHDOtc6zXqywK5XKA~Aw :c the server (accidentally or on purpose?) told us that a dish was vegan when it was not. We had good reason to believe it was vegan due to some server-identifying context information. When we tried it, however, it tasted... buttery. We weren't sure. I just checked the menu and it says "flaky puff pastry" which likely means butter.   My friend ended up having an allergic reaction though which confirmed our suspicions.   Other than that, this place is awesome. How in the world have I never come here before?! I love the interior and the menu is stacked and it's pretty cheap (dessert portions, IMO, are ridiculously tiny but I am also a big eater). I think it's honestly the best bar food and dining menu I have seen in Chambana........... And I eat a lot. Lol.   As for their drinks... well, let's just say that THEY ARE REALLY BAD LMAO. Just come for the food and get your drinks elsewhere. Oh my. I just cannot make my mind jump the mental hurdle of comprehending how terrible the drinks are. Don't waste your money, please. Spend it on some nice cocktails (if you can find them in Chambana).  I really wish that the servers would check with the chef about dietary information before someone is seriously harmed. Nevertheless, our server was really nice.~butter ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~PV9-pp1N2LvFb4hX473yyg~The Wynn Buffet is kind of a Sunday morning ritual for me - I like to go before 9:00 am while the club kiddies are still sound asleep - there's usually no line at all. The food choices may seem a bit exotic to visitors used to plainer fare at breakfast, but the omelet station is always reliable and the coffee is good. Meat selections are outstanding. Desserts are kind of a weak point - they tend to feature lighter, less sweet, pastry-like choices that may appeal more to dieters and Europeans than Americans who want their mega-blast of sugar. Service is excellent here, and you never have to wait long for drinks and refills. The dining areas are a lot nicer than in most other Strip buffets.   Price is a negative - the food is good but probably not quite good enough to justify the premium they charge over other buffets. Certainly if you are staying at the Wynn it's better to eat here than to walk to Venetian or TI just to save a few bucks.~coffee desserts ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~8pjl1RMtPx0czaewTQtmHA~My first visit to a Jason's deli and it's wonderful! Love the little nods to southern food. Anyplace with sweet tea and gumbo are okay by me. It's clean and well maintained.   I had the pastrami sandwich with grilled onions and au jus. It was sooo good. Also some potatoe salad and broccoli cheddar soup. The tea options are great too for a tea lover like myself. Awesome prices too. Only $15 for the two if us.   The best part if the meal was the employees though! We were greeted by Russell upon entering with a great smile and a warm hello. Both Russell and Andrew helped my friend and I decide on our order. They were not just helpful but so sweet and came by our table several times to make sure we were taken care of. Great personalities.. Great staff! Thank you Russell and Andrew for making my first Jason's Deli experience awesome.   I just wish they had one close to where I live in Orange County California!~tea gumbo pastrami sandwich salad broccoli soup tea tea ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~k2hEtrGdU1m2Wvvpqqv0JQ~Went here with some friends for some drinks and appetizers and had a nice time. Great place for a more trendy and upscale experience. I mainly wanted a few drinks, but couldn't pass on trying some appetizers. I had the mac n cheese with pulled pork. The mac n cheese was incredibly good, as was the pulled pork, but I definitely preferred the mac n cheese by itself. If I ordered it again, I would ask for extra bread crumbs...no pork.   I also ordered the Elderflower margarita, which was pretty good. One of my friends ordered the popcorn with truffle oil, which I thought was "ok". It definitely had a nice flavor, but I think some of the other menu items would have been a better choice. Another one of my friends ordered the cheese curds, which were the best I've had so far in Madison.  I defnitely want to go back when I'm more hungry and try the Moules Frites, fried chicken and waffle, and Graze burger. Also, they have a great dining specials, one of which includes oysters and infused vodka shots!~appetizers appetizers cheese pulled pork ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~0MmUhRkh-_l116E7Qbu1Zw~Beer was good.  Service wasn't horrible but it was slow. Maybe cause there wasn't many customers in the restaurant. Food was alright. Burger was really dry.  I actually had to use a ton of katchup.  Maybe cause my waitress didn't ask how I wanted my burger and they just make it well done. But pazookie was good.~burger burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SWoBUATdzQq8ybdnzEFZNQ~it's been a while since we've been back. and i'd have to say since sampling other happy hours, i have to renege my initial "best happy hour in town" excitement. it's a tad pricey for a happy hour menu...10-15 buck apps and drinks for 5 bucks. the fish tacos are tasty, and the ahi tuna was ok, not the best i've had.   we've been here half a dozen times since moving to scottsdale and it's always been a reliable place. especially for a higher priced dinner. i hear the 'big-ass' burger is very good. unfortunately, we'll probably stick to a happy hour that leaves our wallet a little happier somewhere else.~tacos tuna burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~BS6AxWZ8YeyEKoFncCa9mQ~Still youda youda best! Best I ever had. I have yet to meet a Buffet as good as here. Still the same delicious king crab legs and rare prime rib with kick ass horseradish! The only problem is the price, it keeps going up and up dinner for 2 $92! But I have a generous hubby so we ate to our hearts content! I also loved all the new dessert items, the tapioca with mango mousse, to die for. I also loved the cinnamon pumpkin cake, wowza. I forever love this place. Happy New Year! P.S.  Didn't care for the ice tea, tropical flavor, I'm a plain girl!!~horseradish mango pumpkin cake tea ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~QaF36hZcp5NQn6ZoNQiXvQ~Great tasting flavourful cupcakes.  I wish they offered more customizable options. They sometimes have an eod sale sale on Friday evenings where they sell they sell cup cakes at 50% off regular price which is worth it. They can be a tad too sweet for some people though.~cupcakes ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~hIkk7j_23ZIzpXi-SaXy3g~We were so excited to try this unique concept and it was excellent!!! We had the pizza cones and they were yummy!  We also had the fries and tornado fries...both were great. We tried the pizza and the crust was so delicious and crisp. And we had the mild wings and they were so great that we were sorry that we had only ordered 1 pound. The owner was so nice and friendly. We WILL DEFINITELY  be going back really soon. You should try this place out...you'll be very happy you did!~fries fries ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~88tw80pnH8JcAoy5vWgGrQ~OK, here's my try at a comparative review of the Bellagio & Wynn dinner buffets - the two highest rated of the Vegas casino buffets (& the priciest). Was lucky to try both during my trip - reading previous reviews, looks like food selection varies slightly daily. My review is based on what I ate - there was alot that I did not try.  Price - Bellagio is cheaper ($30) vs Wynn ($35)  Interior/Atmosphere - Liked Wynn better - garden decorations, more airy brighter & comfortable, less noisy. Bellagio layout seemed more packed & noisy.  Service - Wynn servers were faster & more attentive and efficient (refills, plate  removal, coffee).   Food - Crab goes to Bellagio. Wynn only had split King Crab. Bellagio had King Crab & Snow crab. Both served the crab split & cold - straight from the box (Wynn server kept refilling the buffet straight from the box, they could have done this better). Flavor of both about the same, both very fresh tasting. Wynn provided drawn butter - Bellagio did not.  Shrimp was tie - great at both places.  - Red Meat goes to Wynn. Wynn prime rib was seasoned better - Bellagio tasted like any other buffet. Both offered leg of lamb but was dry. Bellagio offered Kobe sirloin - not memorable. Wynn offered lamb t-bone & osso bucco, both dry.  - Sushi goes to Bellagio. Wynn did not offer. Bellagio also offered Steak tartar - was not appealing or tasty.  - Salad/Fruit/Cheese/Cold meats - tie. I did not eat any green salads or fruit. Salad layouts looked great - I'd rate them a tie. Wynn had cold meats - very nice. Cheese at Bellagio was very nice (esp for dessert).  Desserts goes to Wynn. Preparation of the deserts was better & more variety - loved the mango lychee tapioca. Wynn had more variety & was nicely presented in individual plastic flutes. Coffee was hot at Bellagio, Wynn was warm.  In summary - Close Tie based on food alone. After trying both, I'm happy to report that both had very nice buffets & can highly recommend them both. If you are crunched for time & need to pick one, go for Wynn - based on atmosphere & service.~coffee butter shrimp lamb lamb sushi steak salad cheese salads salad cheese desserts mango lychee coffee ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~suTdWkNRVTjnHy_ZnXK8lQ~This used to be a great place for all hours Pakistani food and was frequented by many taxi drivers who needed delicious food to keep them on the road. Centrally located behind Toronto Reference, it was a go-to spot for me in my first years in Toronto.   Sadly , the indomitable Mr Butt has left for a new place at Sherbourne and Dundas and the food at King Palace has taken a dive. The Buttee chicken and the aloo gobi were decidedly meh and the place was in a state of disrepair. Also there were no cabbies to be seen.~chicken ~1 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~3Kji5RCyA5KebkGU2NWYlQ~Great place for Cuban food. It's a little, ahem, north for Southern Vegas peeps but definitely worth checking out. Like many other great restaurants in Vegas, the place is tucked inside a weird strip mall. But don't let that deter you.  It's on the smaller side and casual.  I had the ropa vieja (shredded beef) sandwich, which was really, really, REALLY good. I love ropa vieja but it was particularly tasty here; not too salty and very tender.  My husband had the pork sandwich but kept trying to eat off my plate. (That's how good the ropa vieja was.) I didn't taste the beans (not a fan of black beans), but hubby said they were also good.  We also had maduros, which were equally tasty and Materva, Cuban soda that has a citrus-y flavor. By the time we were done, we were too stuffed to get dessert.   Note, this food is good but if you're looking for healthy or cholesterol free....uh, this may not be the place for you. But you'll definitely be missing out!~beef sandwich pork sandwich black beans ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~s6_Yls_m7nFMoY976diC-Q~Ok, I gave Graze a 4 because for brunch, they're probably about a 3. But the Graze burger is a surefire 5. I'd skip brunch here and just save room for dinner. The graze burger is honestly one of the better things I've ever tasted.I mean.....  fresh ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs, caramelized onions, Worcestershire-cabernet jus, Swiss Emmental compound butter, SarVecchio sesame brioche, with fries & aioli (Modify to GF/DF)  For brunch, I was fooled into getting the pub burger, thinking it was the Graze burger. DO NOT MAKE THIS MISTAKE. The pub burger is just a burger. The Graze burger is otherworldly. The beet salad is also really nice. The curds are probably top 5 curds in Madison, and I LOVE the truffle popcorn.  Ok so for brunch, I've had the chicken fried steak, and others have gotten the pub burger and the corned beef hash. All of them were pretty good, but the portions aren't too large. The chicken fried steak is definitely a favorite of mine, but I wouldn't hate if it were a little bigger.  It's pretty tough to get a table at Graze- you should always have someone go at least 30 minutes ahead of when you want to be seated to put in your name (they don't take call ahead reservations). One nice thing is that they'll take your number and text you when your table is ready, so you can explore the area around the capitol while you wait. Also the people-watching from the tables is top-notch. I usually will wait a few more minutes to be seated against the windows. Last thing is that the wait staff comes off as a little pretentious... I've found that it's very hit or miss. Sometimes we'll get someone really relatable and nice, and other times there will be people that I imagine rolling their eyes at me as soon as they turn around. Also what's up with the tiny dishes of ketchup?! I'll take the full bottle, please.~burger burger bacon ribs swiss butter fries burger burger burger burger burger beet salad popcorn chicken fried steak ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~uvOZlHJ_yGh0ijHfOxHxOQ~I had the green chili pork dish. I was amazing. The staff was friendly. She asked what we thought of the place and the food. Place was small but cute. I would definitely come back. Have nothing negative to report.~pork ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~5r7XlelUEDU-z8monF-BMA~I was here when I was celebrating a birthday. We ordered a delicious aged mac and cheese with panko breadcrumbs. Absolutely delicious. Great atmosphere. Open concept, glass tables, and superb lighting.~mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~QTsRTYWbezAcB8BeNV4xJg~Food was ok. I think I had set my expectations too high, good variety, good quality and very clean. The wait staff was off tonight. The main job was to clear the dishes and refill drinks.. I had to ask on 3 different occasions for ice tea and I only had 3 ice teas.. And I was not alone the 2 tables down from me had similar issues.. I tried it and next time I will try rio.~tea ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~6uMaV_6255zN520ALwtawg~My husband and I decided to check out Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille for our anniversary this past Friday night.  The food was truly excellent. The lobster bisque was robust and flavorful, featuring two very large pieces of lobster claw meat, as well as plenty of other small bits of lobster.  My husband had yellowfin sashimi.  It was hands down the best thing we ate on Friday evening.  Sliced paper thin, nearly melt in your mouth, the presentation with fruits and veggies, it was just fantastic. My husband had an upgraded Alaskan white salmon for his entree.  He could not stop raving about it.  It was light and flakey, very flavorful and grilled perfectly.  My entree was grilled sea scallops and shrimp.~white salmon shrimp ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~5SxgH_FdaV2B5zAcIOxRwQ~Had lunch here and was amazed by the food and all the options. The menu had a nice selection for vegetarians. I loved the potato taquitos. Went back for dinner the next day. Only downside is the place had a small smell of old beer.~potato taquitos ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JLyujdM9d97ayoWFV1Z-qA~I've had the pleasure of enjoying a delicious meal at the Roaring Fork in Austin and this one, conveniently located across from my Hotel (Firesky) is just as good.  Our party of 8 started with lots of apps. Everyone was super psyched to try the green chili, but I just found it so-so.  However, the mac and cheese was unbelievable. Unfortunately, I don't think many other people at the table got to it because I devoured most of it. Oops.  Their guac totally hit the spot too.  I was pretty full after the apps, but still had some fish tacos coming my way.  Three generous sized flour tacos filled with fish, veggies and rice. I found more room in my tummy for these!   It turned out I needed to find additional room in my stomach because the manager was sweet enough to send out a few comp desserts for our table. You can't go wrong with any of their desserts, but the pineapple cake (apparently a favorite of the Manager's wife) was the best.  Days later I'm still full from my delicious meal at Roaring Fork, but I'm looking forward to filling up again the next time I'm in Phoenix.~mac and cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~hTgLp7Gn4g1MQ9VVL2dq0w~This place was recommended to me by several colleagues that have visited Madison and I am glad I checked it out. There is a very fancy french restaurant to the left of Graze (Etoile) but this one is a little more casual.   We had the mac and cheese with pulled pork and the "The Graze Burger" which had "fresh ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs, caramelized onions, cabernet jus, sesame seed-SarVecchio brioche, fries." I didn;t really think for a $21 burger that it was that amazing. I also would have preferred a stronger cheese because you really couldn't taste the servicchio cheese that was baked into it.   Something that did kind of bother me is that we asked for the onions on the side for my friend but it came with the onions on the burger. When I mentioned this to the server he said "Well does he have a food allergy or just not like onions?" In my opinion it shouldn't matter what the issue was, we asked for onions on the side and it should have been taken back and corrected. My friend was cool about it and said he would just scrape them off. The server was otherwise pretty helpful and friendly.~mac and cheese ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~TWPCPnlbiOwwItKdUQJK8Q~I have to steer myself away from here every time I am in the building during lunch time. Prairie Girl offers a ton of flavours (including your usual vanilla, chocolate, red velvet in addition to some daily special ones).  The large cupcakes are $3.50 and they come in a cute little box which make the perfect gift for someone.. you can also purchase a plastic message with *Happy Birthday* and what not for $0.50. They also have the perfect plastic bags for different cupcake box sizing to prevent the cupcakes from tilting... which is great as a lot of us commute home after work and bring these delicious cupcakes with us!  As others have said, their cupcakes are literally 1:1 ratio of icing and cake..which is exactly what I like.. now if only cupcakes weren't so bad for me... :$.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~aNE2Gzurx453V9j5zZvGhg~I am sold on their lunches, dinners and weekend brunches. This is a must-go regardless of the time of the day, they have great stuff to fill you up for your meal of choice.   Their menu changes with the seasons since they source locally. So the best thing I would suggest is to look up their menu online before heading down if you like to have an idea of what to order in advance. There hasn't been any item on their menu which I do not like so far, and I have been there more than 15 times in total and still counting.   Some of their specialties I like include the now-in-season bimbimbap burrito (served during weekend brunch), pork belly buns (appetizer), korean BBQ pork (lunch) and rigatoni & emu meatballs (dinner). Feel free to order whatever that excites you on the menu, they haven't disappoint so far!!  Service has always been excellent for me. I also love how they are so knowledgeable about the menu and so willing to make substitutes for your orders. They really go out of their way to make your dining experience with them as enjoyable as possible.   They don't take reservations, so as you would expect summer Saturdays will be super busy for them since there is the outdoor farmer's market. If you just happen to be craving some freshly baked pastries or a coffee/tea/lemonade, just stop by their little stall right outside the restaurant. They have awesome croissants, cookies, danishes etc.  So are weekday dinners, yes, even Monday to Thursday too. That goes to show how good and popular Graze is!! My tip would be to go for early lunch )before 11:45 am, or early dinner (before 5:45 pm). Oh wait, now that I openly share my tip, maybe they will start getting a bigger crowd during these 'non-peak' periods ~~ 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~DPZsPm2Llrt2nzCYp4B4-w~This place was really nice with high ceilings. My friends and I went for dinner around 9:45 pm on a Saturday night and as it was late, we were seated immediately.  I didn't have any drinks but my friends did and they said there was a large variety and they were pretty good. They also served beer in wine glasses which was interesting. The entire back of the menu listed where the restaurant obtains each ingredient which reminded me of portland.   We started off with an order of cheese curds with ranch. They were absolutely delicious and cheesy! They tasted amazing with the ranch. I think the full portion ($9) would be too much for 2 ppl FYI (assuming you each have a main course coming). For my main meal, I got the "Moules Frites" ($17) which was a huge bowl of mussels in a tomato white wine sauce. It was a tiny bit spicy but it was pretty good! The waitress convinced me to get bread for an extra dollar to dip with but i thought the bread was too hard and didn't absorb the mussel sauce very well so I would not recommend that. The fries tasted really good with the garlic aioli sauce as well. My hubby got the "Graze Burger" ($21) with a salad. He said the burger was pretty good but he wouldn't get it again for $21... It was a bit pricey. I had a bite of my friends Mac and cheese, it tasted pretty good too but I would not get the pulled pork with it.   Also, the waitress charged all of us a 20% service charge. I'm used to an 18% service charge for big parties and we would have tipped her 20% anyway but it was just unusual. We also split 3 orders of cheese curds among 10 ppl and she charged each of us 3/10 appropriately and gave us all separate checks which was nice! Overall, it was a nice dinner!~cheese tomato white fries garlic burger salad burger mac and cheese ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~MyE9sja22SfE2q6OYWw2Og~I love this place,  best hawaiian food. The chicken katsu, the loco moco are grate, and they have really  good spam musubis I recommend this place!!!!~chicken ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~zbAlTXfCPP4o7qFBtBld5A~I was getting my car serviced and decided to eat here. I ordered the spam fried saimin and mini kalua pork. They give good volume for the price and I was happy with that. It doesn't seem too busy though. When I went there was no one there and the cooks was just sitting down on one of the tables.~pork ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~frYYWyY1sO_Jj7gOLQF9dA~I have to give props to Chef Beau McMillan for doing "fusion"  right. "Fusion" is a dime a dozen nowadays, and only a few can do it well. For dinner, I highly suggest the salmon with the udon noodles, if it is available (menu changes depending on what's in season). And for dessert, please try the banana concoction. It is just divine! So, yes, I'm a big fan of Chef Beau (he is not pretentious and seems fun). Afterall, he did beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef.~salmon banana ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kjytXM07vWPLE69BMF5u7w~So unbelievably delicious! This was my third visit to Roaring Fork even though I don't live here. I keep coming back because the food is always good but last night our meal was my favorite so far.   I ate 2 new creations from the executive chef. The beet salad was the best beet salad I've ever had. And yes,  I've had a lot of beet salads! Red and gold beets cooked in their wood fire grill served with an amazing citrus infused whipped goat cheese and chive oil made in-house with pine nuts.  The second was the pork belly that was just divine. In addition we ordered the green chili mac and cheese. While this is not one of the executive chef's creations it really is a delicious dish and now I know how it's made. Roasted poblanos blended with spinach. To die for!  Go to Roaring Fork and sit by the kitchen so you can talk to the executive chef. It will enhance your experience greatly if you're a true foodie.~beet salad beet salad beet salads cheese pork mac and cheese ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~FYm57NlZfOQZDJxQfS-_Lw~I have been here a couple of times and each time has been great.  The guacamole is great and I highly recommend the Margarita.  Last time I had Fajitas and thought they were above average.  Tonight I got the carnitas burrito and it was superb.~fajitas carnitas burrito ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~836cG61iz6EvC9urThSowg~Great happy hour and great service!  Big A$$ burger was excellent - certainly enough to split between two. We'll be back for this when a burger craving arises. Pork sliders and chicken flatbread were very tasty too.  A bit of an older crowd upon the start of the 4pm happy hour (NOTHING wrong with that, simply noting).~burger burger pork chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~pwjSxwA8t9_x8tR9TNN_tQ~Good service, you pay after eating. Creative idea with pizza cone, got BBQ chicken and Hawaiian. Was a little cold in the middle, but delicious anyways! Onion rings are solid too. Limited seating, around 3 tables.~bbq chicken ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~g83cyvxr7V3Oj5t4-Y8UVg~the pizza cones has a great amount of filling, it looks small but very filling. the cone is a but too crunchy and less soft like actual pizza crust, but I don't mind.  the tornado fries is so yummy, Crispy exterior with a chewy centre. The onion rings are big with a very nice crunchy shell.   Staff was very friendly, didn't rush us or anything, we paid after we were finished eating.  there are 3 bar tables with 4 chairs each. tastes better dined in.   check-in on the yelp app for a discount!~fries onion rings ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~020q030b3MlxFbpjvOj0fQ~BJs is hit and miss...I've had good food there, and I've had mediocre food there. I've never had a "great" meal, but that's not really what you're paying for or should expect.   Everything is pretty ordinary, salads and appetizers are alright, entrees are alright. Service and environment is good typically, and they have some really good beers and good specialty items. Their draft root beer is amazing, and I would end every meal with a BJs pazookie if doing so meant I wouldn't drop dead from heart failure at 35. I like their burgers pretty well, but they took their classic burger off the menu, which was a bummer. It was really good, so that's too bad.   It's a good place to watch a game or to grab a bite if you're in Chandler, but it's never going to wow you. I'm sure I'll be back soon enough, because it's a solid, reliable place to get a pretty good meal.~salads appetizers burgers classic burger ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~KTxNVTtcJhaBEqWt-bQpig~I want to love Elements so much. Because I do love it. Parts of it. Well, one part, to be exact. The scenic view. It really is only good at sunset in one of the booths around the edges with, yes, THE VIEW. It's pretty much the only reason to come to Elements.  The interior has a very modern, contemporary feel (and decor and art to go along with it). We shared the filet mignon and a salmon dish (which was not even wild, a real turn-off for me for this caliber of restaurant), both of which were good, tasty, but, honestly, I wasn't that impressed with either dish. From the appetizer, salad, and dessert that we had, I kind of got this impression with every dish...you can't really go wrong, but don't expect to be totally blown away by the food itself either, considering how well-regarded on a whole it seems to be by the critics. I thought service was lacking, perhaps too busy and not enough/overworked staff.   If you come here with good company and orchestrate the view, you're probably set with just that. Just don't focus on the food or your server, otherwise you'll lose the mirage.~salmon salad ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~njByaW6hE6pwFEX6bO7OHg~YUP, here again !!   Their seafood is so fresh and they make an amazing bloody mary!!  Gee, what more do you want in a seafood restaurant.   Staff is always very friendly and helpful, place is clean and I love the outdoor seasonal seating.     Went for a late lunch, as I always do and ordered crab cake app., it was 95% crab meat with a tiny bit of binder to hold it together, super good.  Their shrimp is always HUGE and weather I get it cooked or cocktail it tastes amazingly fresh.  They have a $12-13 lunch special menu which we ordered the Ahi Tuna with wasabi sauce; another hit.  I got a few raw oysters ... because I just can not pass up their yummy brineyness-as always.  Downed a crisp shrimp Caesar salad with a flavorful anchovy dressing.    Aside from their totally rocking bloody marys, today we ordered a Paloma; a very refreshing grapefruit/lime/tequila drink.  I like it better than a Margarita, just make sure you get it with WHITE tequila (Blanco) it is MUCH better, I promise you that.    The only issue I have with Luke Wholey's is the food is so delicious, I want to try everything so...... When we go for lunch, our bill with tip is usually around $80.00.  I am not saying they are overpriced, just so darn good that we order many plates to share and ...well.... it adds up fast.  That being said, at other establishments, I have had awful food and terrible services and paid the same.  I Do NOT mind dropping a few on awesome food and service.  We will be back Luke Wholeys !!!  Sure will.~crab cake ~5 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~JjhIYxQypi977fIBYAT86w~It's about time this area got a frozen Yogurt place!  It is busy because it is new. Very clean, easy to make your own and the variety and flavors are great!  Get their app and grow your points! It is easy, user friendly, the staff is nice and plenty of seating unlike some other yogurt places. My only complaint is that they are always out of whipped cream and it takes 15 minutes to refill it....by that time your yogurt is gone!~frozen yogurt ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~bXegRCnRCYJiETQfaOuxBw~Amazing green pork chili appetizer!  Amazing green chili Mac & cheese, picky about Mac & cheese! Waitress was very knowledgable. I'll be back soon~pork cheese cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~uPBa8dSzpfA7wD9tfEexdQ~I just need to start out by saying... BEST HAPPY HOUR ever! Especially in the winter, it is just so cozy! The Big A$$ burger is $10 and absolutely incredible. I DO encourage you to share it because it is MASSIVE (hence the name). I am also a huge fan of their guacamole ($7) and wedge salad ($6). Cocktails and wine are $5 and I highly recommend getting the huckleberry frozen margarita. Two of them will send you off smiling from ear to ear. :) Roaring Fork is one of the best places in town when you're comparing quality, quantity & price! Enjoy!~burger salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~j5HMiyA2x22N0u5hJwK47A~Someone should have told me about this happy hour! This really is the best value for happy hour that I have ever seen. You get food off their regular fantastic menu at a discounted price and they don't skimp and give you tiny portions like many places do for happy hour. I shared the "big ass burger"  and the green chili pork and they were both really good. The burger really is huge but really good and comes with fries. The green chili was good spicy and flavorful and I want to go back for more!   Drinks, they have about 5 signature drinks for happy hour that are $5 and a few wines as well. Great value. The guava mojito was amazing and I could have had several! The margarita was a dissappointment, too much sour mix. Stick with the mojitos! They are great. This really didn't feel like happy hour with the full meal we had at such a great price for such a nice restaurant. Service was good and not pushy or trying to rush you at all which is a nice change! I will be back very soon!~burger pork burger fries guava ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SlR7mVzb6goCs5IckYQghg~The "Big Ass" burger was delicious I would recommend that to anyone. This was my first time and I was very much pleased. Would definitely come back and have dinner here.~burger ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~6GJEZc8dkFx3QZDTCetYBw~Went with a friend for lunch before a holiday performance. We arrived a few minutes late for our reservation, but they had our table prepared and ready. After waiting a few more minutes than I thought we should have, our waiter acknowledged us and, from there the service was fine - attentive without being intrusive.  My friend ordered the salmon beet salad and thoroughly enjoyed it. The salmon was cooked to the desired temperature She was pleased with how the citrus worked with the other elements of the salad. I had the crab cake sandwich. While the flavors were good, the middle of the sandwich was refrigerator cold. Hopefully, this was an isolated incident and not a matter of overall inconsistency.   I would go back again to give the restaurant another chance.~salmon beet salad salmon salad crab cake ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3H1bBkXXQaSF9zj3mWKS5w~$10 for a dinky pub burger with a side of fries, good & tasty, but it didn't register too high on my OMG -this-burger-rocks-radar. Decor was cool, service was pretty good-altho somewhat slow. My group seemed to enjoy their meals.~burger fries burger ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JFDuY7548V5rWPn4kWFlow~Seriously!? Food this great at a buffet?? I will go to this buffet during every trip to Las Vegas. It was like eating at a 5 star restaurant. Pretty much everything was amazing. Not too over-seasoned, under-seasoned, or dry. All the dishes melted in your mouth and left you wanting more. I cleared every single plate and bowl I brought to the table. I even finished their huge coffee cup full of coffee.. it was delicious.. not like other brewed coffees. It's a little expensive but it's worth it for what you get. You can ask the chefs to customize any dish due to preference/allergy and they'll make it on the spot. This restaurant is worth the trip.. just try to eat a lot to make up for the cost.~coffee coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~cQB-wkbkk48qcHAGSJfN7g~It definitely is living by it's name (or I am not fancy enough.) We went for breakfast. The french toast was delicious but tiny. My spouse had a burger. He said it was good but the fries don't live up to what others have said. They are just fries. I did like the cheese curds, mostly the size of them. They are not too flavorful. If you like delicious cheese curds head to the old fashioned. We ran out of water and it wasn't replenished but we lived.~french toast burger fries fries cheese cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~LHYzkCZcReNzN9y_CemLKA~Graze, oooh Graze! If you are lucky to get a table, you are in for a treat. There is a reason why you waited for an hour to get a table. Graze works closely with local Wisconsin farmers. That means that the food is made out of fresh local produce. Everything on the menu is simply delicious. And the cheese curds are THE BEST IN TOWN!!!~cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~wk2pDMjG33DRC-FtSRz3Cw~Let's start with the positive. Service is excellent and for the most part, the food was good. However now for the completely appalling part. We ordered Steak Frites which was listed on the menu as market price. It showed up as about 3 - 4 ounces of tough, gristly sirloin. It was literally less than a half inch thick and totally over cooked. (I mean how can you control temp on a half inch). We ate it despite our disappointment but the insult added to injury was when we got the bill. Thirty four dollars. I'm not even kidding - for 4 ounces max of 1/2 inch thick sirloin. Do the math on that. That's 136 dollars a pound. I know there were French fries and overhead mark up but any way you look at it, that's taking advantage and completely fraudulent as far as I'm concerned. I love good, local food and have no trouble paying for it but if you are going to charge $34 for a steak dish, it better be rib eye or filet or have something about it that justifies the cost. I am truly disgusted on principle alone.~steak french fries ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JWI4gNAugu7U2Ibe9eLSwg~We went to Roaring Fork for dinner on Mother's Day because the brunch was booked and we could not get reservations.  Two members of our party ordered  the chicken fried chicken and it was basically 3 chicken strips for over 20 bucks.  Needless to say we were very disappointed in our dinner.  We have eaten here before but this time it was not worth it.  Will need to think twice before returning.~chicken fried chicken ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~r2oQivz1bCC5aaqYx12L4A~Graze is my favorite local gastropub. It's a great place to take just about anyone--they have dressed-up and dressed-down options, and they can adjust their menu to accommodate everything from veganism to gluten intolerance. Plus, half the dinner menu changes every month or two, so you can go back repeatedly and not see the same things. The other half of the dinner menu stays put, so you have some go-tos if you aren't into options accompanied by root vegetable puree. It can get a little pricey, but there are also cheaper options, so it works out.   Some of my favorites include the Graze burger and the bibimbap (a spicy Korean dish that's basically meat or tofu + veggies + rice), both of which are on the perennial menu. For appetizers, you can't beat the cheese curds, but the deviled eggs and popcorn sure try. And for dessert, treat yourself to some milk and cookies. They take a bit because they fresh bake them, and they're worth every minute of the wait.   Besides dinner, Graze has a decadent brunch menu (Nutella French toast, anyone?) and an inventive drinks menu that changes often. They also locally source everything they can.~burger tofu appetizers cheese popcorn milk cookies french toast ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kUaTvvQqjJ4Q2CkZ_OuLuw~My husband and I came here for a private business function and we were completely blown away by the food. Green chili macaroni and cheese, fondue pot with butternut squash & chili-pecan bread, and huckleberry margarita's I could go on we were at this function flowing with food & drink for hours. It was all excellent and so were our servers. The restaurant itself was beautiful and had a wonderful atmosphere. My husband I don't eat any meat except for the occasional chicken or fish. We tried the lamb that night and it just melted in your mouth and was so full of flavor.   That was a just a taste of our first experience with Roaring Fork and it was by no means the last. We don't get to go often because it's no small trip but when we do it is such a treat. You can see how special this place is because since I've been a member of Yelp it's the only restaurant to earn my fifth star. Bon Appetit!~macaroni and cheese ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~Op2PLz6lo96kB4M7nyo88g~Lady behind the counter was extremely rude, walked in with two friends,  the only other two people in the place besides the workers were already eating their food.  Not once did this lady smile,  she actually had a scowl on her face.  The iced tea was out and she explained she was too busy to change it out.  They only changed it out when we asked for a refund. It took over 30 minutes to receive our order and when we asked for an extra hot sauce, she bellowed NO!~tea ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6pHytgFUqdn6kAibNlLcHQ~I went there with a group of friends to try their happy hour menu but that was only available at the bar. We didn't really cared about it so we say at one of the tables. I got a guava mojito and the 'big-ass' burger. I thought the guava mojito was very delicious but the burger was not so great. The burger was very dry. I heard great things about this place but the food was just okay. To top it off, the service wAs bad. Our server was an A-hole and he kept on pushing us to order appetizers even though we already said we were going to wait for our friend. Was he thinking that we were not going to get any food??~guava burger guava burger burger appetizers ~2 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~w_Ezv_cX5RzEuwdKsmDuxQ~Amazing Indian food, loved the butter chicken and the fresh naan bread. They are open all night!!  Until 6am~butter chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FYcuBnku9xC7IjD_h6tQlg~I've visited Graze a few times since it opened and enjoyed everything! I'm a vegetarian and I agree that there should be at least one additional meatless sandwich and/or entree. We've loved the popcorn, the bread basket, the deviled eggs, both the wedge and beet salads, and the sundae. Those all make a perfect, comforting meal in my mind! Go in with a plan to actually graze rather than stuff yourself and expect to pay slightly less than you would at L'etoile, you'll leave happy.~sandwich popcorn beet salads ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~ZYV1ARVR1zmGUJfdtYA69w~A little confusing when you first walk in because it's so big, but the salad bar is phenomenal and the menu is huge.  Everything is fresh!~salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~VUSlMwuMfl1PsM6p5Np0jQ~The Buffet at Wynn is one of more decent buffets on the Vegas strip. It's not as good as the Bellagio Buffet and it's definitely not as good as my personal favorite, the Village Seafood Buffet at the Rio. With all things considered, however, I think the Wynn Buffet is satisfactory at best.  I've been to the Wynn Buffet a few times in the past and this time, I went for their Sunday brunch. There was nothing too special here -- same decently-good food that you would find at any other $35 Vegas buffet. I did like their omelet bar -- very fresh ingredients & pleasant omelet chef. I felt the Chinese porridge section was a little out-of-place, although I must admit that I was very pleasantly surprised. Sucks that there's a server who makes your porridge, so he barely put any thousand-year egg in there (my favorite topping for Chinese porridge).  All in all, Wynn is a pretty good buffet for the brunch prices -- especially if you have a few glasses of champagne. Would I choose this buffet over the one at Bellagio or the seafood one at Rio? NEVER.~egg ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~7wpqj58Oe8Jo5IL86weTTA~Graze is the cheaper sister establishment of L'Etoile, one of the fancier restaurants in the Capitol area. I came here for brunch. Graze, as the name might suggest, is yet another one of the farm-to-table restaurants that has been sweeping the nation as part of the organic/local/GM-free/anti-corporate food movement. And indeed, they do a good job embracing this idea. I have never really appreciated pork in the East Coast, but here in the Midwest the pork is delicious.  The order for my party was: Eggs Benedict with hash browns and greens; a bowl of noodles with roasted pork shoulder; and cheese curds to start. I've had cheese curds at other establishments, but Graze tries to separate itself from the crowd by using finer processes and ingredients in their cheese curds. Your mileage may vary here. Ditto with the Eggs Benedict. Now the noodle bowl was comparatively better. The pork shoulder was intensely tender and flavorful, and I could tell that the broth was made fresh instead of (gasp!) dissolved beef bouillon. The only thing holding back this establishment from a five-star rating is that compared to all the other restaurants in the area, it lacks distinction. Sure, the food is good, but there is also good food next door. Merely good garners four stars - to be a five-star restaurant, one must be special.~pork pork eggs benedict greens roasted pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~rtf0cNCxaXIHJ-D2BYQtPw~Well what you know. The day after writing a review on Harvey's I got the burger itch. Luckily my good friend was down to meet up for a quick bite. My review is based only on the burger, haven't had anything else or been there before.  "Big Ass Burger" and yes it was. It's 4 hours later and I'm still full. Be ready to make room for this if you're planning on eating it by yourself. I'm guessing it's somewhere around 12oz of top grade sirloin with bacon and the usual fixings. I asked for mine on the side, as I've said before I prefer to taste just the meat, cheese, and bun when I eat burgers. I had a couple bites with the bacon and it was pretty good, didn't overpower it like bacon usually does, but still liked it just plain. Great flavor, great quality meat, cooked perfectly, and super juicy. I could have used a touch more cheddar, but it was ok. Fries were just right too, crispy extra battered style. Washed it down with a Fat Tire and I left a happy man.  If you can make it during happy hour, it's prob best way to go since the $9 price tag is much more manageable. I think it's $12-14 otherwise. Ambience was okay, similar to a Houston's, Bandera, etc vibe.  I will most definitely be back when the craving returns.  And yes...that's prob by next week.~burger burger burger bacon cheese burgers bacon bacon fries ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~h_6aDVcw9W1xm4gWe5044Q~Went with a large group so we had to wait for a little while which we expected so no biggie.  The staff were polite and the waitress was quick especially with such a large group.  For apps we ordered the Truffled popcorn, fried cheese curds, cheeese and meat plate and the deviled eggs.  The popcorn was good but really it was just ok not great or amazing and not something I would really order again.  The deviled eggs were good nothing over the top but I would order these again.   The fried cheese curds were pretty good, not sure what to compare these to since it was my first time trying it.  The dish that had everyone raving was the Rainbow Trout and Muscles.  Three different people had this and there wasn't a drop of anything left on their plate. Someone also had the tofu korean bip bop and thought it was unique and a good vegetarian option.  The view is kinda the iceing on the cake with the capital building all lit up at night it's a great.~popcorn cheese popcorn cheese tofu cake ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~DOC_sYUJ01PyORHozbVyiA~This place is awesome!!! I found a new hang out YAY!!!  So the happy hour is really really good. Here's What I got   Kettle of pork Carmita's with melted jack cheese and bettered flour tortillas   7.00!! = This pork literally melts in your mouth this was the most tender meat I have ever had. I wouldn't have though to order pork I'm soo glad I did. I was also surprised I wouldn't have thought of this place as having mexicanish food?  The tortillas were sooo thin and soft and buttery. Very good dish, perfect for 2.  Fish tacos 9.00 = This was very good, I have never in my life ever ever ever ordered fish tacos, since I hate fish. It was grouper   and  it came with very fresh avocado and thin sliced red onion and a very good salsa. The salsa was like blended, so it wasn't the typical tomato chunks salsa.    They also have a 7.00 "big ass burger" Yes, that's really what they call it.  I saw everyone order it and every time they brought one out I got jealous.  It was about the width off two burgers and came with a side of fries that looked soo good. They too were served in a kettle and were very thin but not the crispy gross thin ones.   We came in before they opened at like 2 and we were told that happy hour is when they open at 4pm.   This guy came in at that time and was telling us how he couldn't wait until 4 because they have the best burger ever.   So I'm excited to try more off the menu and especially try the burger~pork cheese tortillas pork pork tortillas tacos tacos avocado onion salsa salsa tomato salsa burger burgers fries burger burger ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-1WjG7YHC5NjBDKa2dmArg~This was my first time to this place and probably the last! When you walk in to any service business you expect a certain amount of kindness and professionalism. Well not here. we were met with a rude cashier who kept screaming NEXT as if there was no one in line. Next I saw all these signs telling you what you can't do in this place like do not dump anything in the soda dispenser drain and check your order before you leave and so on. Finally when we were able to place a order the extremely rude cashier seemed so irritated that we actually had the nerve to enter this place that she had no desire to even take our order or answer any questions that we had. The price was decent but on the expensive side, 20 dollars for 2 people without drinks. So we finally get our order and knowing that i have to check my bag because i read the sign that had it printed in BOLD letters, I noticed that I was missing my potato salad. So the rude cashier looks over and says WHAT. And I said I'm missing my potato salad so she opens the cooler and basically throws it at me with very good accuracy as if she has done this many times. So then my brother asked her if she missed his potato salad also and she screams out I DON'T KNOW CHECK YOUR BAG, As if she has somehow forgotten what she put in there 30 seconds ago.   Bottom line food is good but it's not worth the effort you have to go through to get it. The staff is so bad that I will go out of my way to go somewhere else. The owners should be aware that the service of this place has gotten to the point that people won't even go there so they don't have to deal with the worst service they have ever had. In todays economy where people are choosing carefully where to spend their money you need to have something special and this place should put up a big sign that says:  GO AWAY WE DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY!!!!!  They will never get anymore of mine.~potato salad ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~KhpGJYmR2H3rs_ogjjPjCw~I would agree that this place is a 3 star restaurant for sure. No paper towels in the men's room. NO BEEF?!?!??!! For real?! I mean, how can you call yourself a BBQ place, if you don't even have BEEF. I mean, last time I checked there was no National Beer Shortage. The pork was a little bland but the BBQ sauce was good. The chicken was OK, but made the bun soggy, and not from the sauce. And the potato salad was ok. We will probably not visit again, unless we have to.~beef beef pork chicken potato salad ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tqr9pTBTFqQMTsOcRRDMSQ~Managed to grab a car for the evening and immediately hopped on Yelp to see what's good in Scottsdale! Roaring Fork is on the ground level of a generic office park. I later realized that this is a chain restaurant!  The interior was upscale. I tried my coworker's ribs and have to admit that it was the best part of the entire meal!  The Big Ass Burger was so big that I finished maybe 1/2 of it? I ordered it medium rare and it looked like it was still half alive... Maybe I'll order medium next time...  The Seared Ahi Tuna was good, although somewhat bland.  The green chili was good. The warm soft tortillas were a nice touch and the chili had a slight kick to it.  Service was top notch from a uniformed waiter.  Make sure to check out the loo, it's just like the one at the office! ;)~ribs burger tuna tortillas ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~Bz3180aiBxBPXe4kRDKsBw~The service was great and everyone was super friendly but the food was not good at all. We got lunch entrees which were the sweet soy ahi tuna on a bed of wild rice & book choy, 2 orders of lobster bisque fries, 2 bloody Mary's, & 1 bourbon on the rocks and our bill was $70!! The tuna had no flavor, you couldn't even cut the bok choy with a knife it was so hard, and the rice was not good either. The fries were just okay. The only good thing about the meal was the shrimp on the Bloody Mary. It was totally no where near worth $70 plus a tip. I would give 5 stars for service and 1 for the food and the price. Go down the street to Wholey's, get fresh seafood and make it yourself...even if you've never cooked a meal in your life, I'm sure it would taste better!! So disappointing!!!~tuna wild rice fries tuna fries shrimp ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~2qy369dyY6LVLCwHHRaEuw~We arrived in Vegas pretty late in the day and we were dog tired, so we decided to just eat at the Wynn Buffet since we were staying there.  When we arrived at the line, it was close to 9pm and they were closing at 10... The line was also about an hour long!!  But we noticed the sign that gives you cuts if you are staying at the Wynn or if you are a Red Card Holder... so we just walked straight in!  The buffet is really pretty... it is decorated with a victorian flower decor that looks like it would be a tea house of some sort... the buffet itself is also very pretty and the food is put out in a plated fashion rather than pans of food all piled up...  There was a huge line for the seafood/sushi side, so I was pretty excited that there was gonna be something good... Why would people wait in a line that long unless its something good?  so... i waited in that line... and what they were mainly waiting for were crab legs... disappointing!  They do have a lot of great foods including a pasta bar, a pho bar, pizza, meat, sandwiches, and a great dessert line up including gelatos, ice cream, made to order crepes, and cupcakes!  I'm not a buffet type of girl but I'm glad we got to try it since we didn't have to wait in the long ass line.~tea sushi pasta sandwiches ice cream cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FwcIMvLDRKCqdadPRWrwPg~Food was tasty but heavy - mac and cheese, cheese sampler and cheese curds were delicious but the house burger was wonderfully flavorful yet straight up soggy with grease.  Ordered two of the quirkily named game of thrones cocktails and honestly both tasted like medicine. Drank two sips and tossed the rest. Stay away.  The place had a nice ambiance and attentive service though so overall decent experience.~mac and cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PHAMMK-JXpOM_ZbCULrnww~I went here for happy hour with my group of girls on a thursday after work. We got a table on the patio right away and really had a great time. The prices were *amazing* and so was the food, and now I'm dying to go back and have a full dinner here as well. Everything tasted amazing, but my favorite was the fondue lamb chops. We got something like 5 appetizers (including the big ass burger), 3 drinks and 1 dessert for around $65.  The only thing that was a bit lacking was the service. Two times the gal walked away as we were still trying to tell her what we wanted, and my friend's soup didn't come with our first round of appetizers so she had to reorder it when we ordered burgers.~lamb appetizers burger soup appetizers burgers ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~u7ygqiIW3Ebo3bqiLQLdzg~Gr8 place for drinks and food. Open till mid- night so if u r hungry n looking for a decent place to eat with less crowd, this is the place. Chicken wings r very light and not too much sauce. Must try - Pizookie~chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8b1AU6rgXoJ0WtcMUAMt2g~Great place for Happy Hour!  They have delicious margaritas and the Big Ass hamburger is second to none.  A must stop anytime I'm in Scottdale.~hamburger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mJccYKUwpXI21aSevruazg~Fantastic food + impeccable service = 5 stars, baby.  Let me just say something about Lauren, our server.  She was incredible!  There were ten of us at the table and by the end of the dinner had learned all of our names.  Just absolutely great service.  The food is upscale American classics, like green chile mac & cheese.  Go here when you are in Scottsdale!~cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aqRgFLBmWT8z0k_2ShScxQ~We ate here twice for breakfast and the food and value were truly outstanding. A nice selection of seafood, sausage, bacon, rolls, pancakes, waffles, etc and more exotic breakfast fare like crab cakes and enchiladas. The food taste and quality varied from "hmm, not bad at all" to "WOW! That's great"   Alas, our first visit was marred by vacant service, to the point my honey had to fetch water herself from a bus station. Also, observed a bus boy fling a wet rag across the room to another bus boy, (who looked shocked and embarrassed) Getting coffee took hand singles and a flare gun.   Its just odd that such a great property as the Wynn has such big blemishes at times. Its like walking down the Yellow Brick Road and stepping in pot holes.~sausage bacon pancakes honey coffee ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fz4rJ0_ShsiofEBCbiXugQ~My favorite place to dine in Madison! Excellent food, great atmosphere and the best cheese curds in town!~cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~SgwLI-KH07cn80MePbz4sw~I usually come here for brunch because they have the best Bibimpab Britto with affordable price. But I came here for dinner for the first time. Their cheese curds is phenomenon !! I would say its the best in Wisconsin !~cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~S25vhqXhUGdRMGl4z_zokQ~Happy hour here is great. High quality food for very little money. The service was prompt and friendly. I had the Big Ass burger. It was good once I removed the thick onion slice and the pepper.~burger onion ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CDCMzC9hJOTqgn7yPpVybQ~We've come here for Happy Hour over the last 7yrs and to be honest, it's no longer impressive. $10 for a burger isn't really a happy hour price. While their happy hour food is great, it's really not worth the price. The drinks aren't really awesome either. I don't think I'll waste my time on this happy hour anymore. If I come, it will be for a nice, expensive dinner inside ;)~burger ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~dJu0OyJA4WSgjNo6mm4DBw~Absolutely amazing. The view is to die for. Right under camelback mountain. We sat on the patio and it was just relaxing and beautiful. The service was also top of the line. Our server was very attentive and the staff helped with clearing out table and refilling water. The whole team worked together so we had an amazing experience!  The food also was great!!!  I had the Cobb salad. It was fresh and I loved the dressing. My friend had soup of the day and the Cesar salad. I will be back. It's a great place to dine!~salad soup salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~opV1yv3weuTm7pQrWSLdVA~Worth the hourlong wait until seated for Wynn's lunch buffet? YES! Delicious, and stations had different/varied selections of meats, mac & cheese, & more when we returned for second helpings.   Cons:  the Muzak/ elevator music! And, although waitstaff brings an entire pot of coffee to the table, it was weak for our tastes, and we always had to ask for water refills. Observed one diner get up from his table to refill his empty glass from the water pitcher at the server station. I was tempted to take the entire water pitcher for our table.~cheese coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eYq1Pm3w-BKdAJnrLfXx7Q~YUM! YUM! YUM! YUM!   As a visitor to Madison, I ate with some work colleagues at Graze on a Monday evening.  We were lucky enough to start our dinner during happy hour (great local beers at buy one -get one? Ok, I'll have a few).  Not only was the drink and beer list artisanal, there was a fine selection of wines as well--something for all diners.  Even though it was busy were were able to snag a reservation and have a great, centrally located table for 10.  Our service was impeccable, as was the meal.  We started with a few appetizers--deviled eggs, pickle platter and the vodka-battered cheese curds. All delicious, I really liked the presentation and selection of pickles, but the true star was the vodka-batter cheese curds.  I had tried curds a few other places (all good), but these were next-level--super light and crispy batter with the stringy, fresh hot curd.  I STILL dream about these a month later.  I might be able to live off these alone for a month or so (until my hear gave out).  Dinner was great. I was torn between the lamb and the mac and cheese with pork--the waiter was very helpful in describing the various dishes, and I decided while in Wisconsin, better eat as much cheese as possible. The mac and cheese was very rich, great sauce and al dente pasts topped with a large amount of bbq-sauced pork. The sweetness of the bbq sauce played well against the richness of the cheese.  Really good.  If I am ever lucky enough to be back in Madison, I want to try the bibimbap--several diners with me got it and raved about it.  The gnocci also looked light and delicious (and lived up to their appearance according to another dining companion).  The dessert list was very tempting, but after several beers and a dairy cow's daily cheese production, I opted for affogato (ice cream topped with espresso)--delicious end to a great meal.~appetizers cheese pickles cheese lamb mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ENbkZ9pOzja30mddT1rW2A~I admit I was skeptical about this buffet, but hey girl, HEY...it's delicious! Fresh and healthy dishes, plenty of options, and not your typical casino buffet. The space is very clean, staff are incredibly kind and helpful, and buffet prices are very reasonable. They have everything--a variety of salads, hummus, babaganoush, sushi, various meat options, chile verde, beans, Chinese short ribs, ox tail soup, and more!   Unlimited wine and beer, and champagne/mimosas on Fridays for prime rib brunch?! Yes!   The dessert station has a wonderful array of choices, some are gluten free, and they post the ingredients for each item. Try the coffee gelato!~salads sushi ribs soup coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~M-GNMdUzOJDr6wJh1ufeVw~Brunch at Graze did not disappoint!  The Nutella French toast with apples was superb as was the cheese curds and the open, clean atmosphere.~french toast cheese ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~-DvzAtOHR8ffN2dB-tsMwA~We took our three kids on a road trip during summer. It was difficult to find a restaurant that provides good food, good service with reasonable price. This was the only restaurant that satisfied our taste bud but didn't cost us a fortune. You can see the price from the menu that other people posted here. The restaurant was not fancy, but clean and comfortable. We ordered the Teriyaki Chicken, Hawaiian BBQ Chicken, BBQ Short Ribs and few other items. I definitely agree with other reviewers that the sauce was delicious, and the portion was good too. During the time we were eating there, we saw quite a few group of people came in to pickup their to-go orders. If this restaurant was near our home, I might have ditched my kitchen already.  :)~chicken bbq chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~8Fxx23hj9qMnyKa-Ti3wJg~Roaring fork has a great happy hour.  I really liked the huckleberry margarita.  I did try the "big ass burger" because so many people have told me that I have to try it.  I actually wasn't impressed.  I would probably come back with friends for happy hour but I don't think I would take visiting guests here for dinner.  The restaurant is really nice and seems cozy.~burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~uUXDAmU00aFJ4ydxb8cEeQ~Went on a Sunday for brunch, minus the champagne, $25 or $29? per person. This was our first stop in Vegas, famished.  We were fed, but THE BUFFET is overrated. It has all that you would expect from a Las Vegas Buffet--crab legs, shrimps, sushi, ribs, beef, etc.--but I expected much more.  My favourites were the beef, which was so tender, and the garlic bakchoy. The decor was beautiful. The service was great as well, but I went to Cravings at Mirage for $20 lunch and it was more intimate, less crowded for my liking.  Pet peeve: better coffee, please!~shrimps sushi ribs beef beef garlic coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~jYlfcEE_4MP7DjpecX-A8A~Visited the Wynn buffet for brunch on a Saturday. Stood through the usual line and was seated in requested dining area. I was underwhelmed by the brunch buffet, and would only consider visiting for normal lunch or dinner. We paid ~ 33 person For this I would rather go out for a nice brunch where I can specify a dish and it be made to order for me It felt like this brunch buffet s dazzle effect wore off The atmosphere was clean and service responsive The main buffet area is dimly lit which makes me feel like I m walking into a cave or a recovery bubble after a long Vegas night Overall the stations are kept clean and well stocked There were a number of stations dedicated to breakfast offerings such as fresh pancakes eggs and egg whites bacon french toast and smoked salmon and bagels Consider coming here on a weekday if you would like to avoid these dishes Now back to lunch There was two soup offerings There were salad options including a glass filled with cherry tomatoes celery and carrots The celery had brown on it There was a mescaline red beet and tangerine salad in individual serve dishes There was a charcuterie areas with two types of cheeses and two types of salamis smoked mozzarella and a plain looking yellow cheddar This was really disappointing because I can get these offerings at home from a supermarket The meat offerings were carved ham carved prime rib and carved turkey breast All of these meats were delicious and I would say highlights of the buffet Seafood was limited only bulk shrimp were available There were a variety of international stations as well Asian with wontons and a congee stand Mexican inspired and Japanese with sushi The variety is great but none of the dishes were amazing which defeats the purpose of having such a variety An example of this is the shrimp tempura sushi There was very little shrimp tempura and avocado and A LOT of rice No one eats maki rolls for the rice I would have preferred to see a number of well executed dishes vs a few highlights and a bunch of mediocre food for the masses reminiscent of standards that nice Chinese buffets now even surpass Dessert stations was very large My favorite was the bread pudding hands down best of the mini desserts All of these mini cakes look very beautfiul and appealing but they don t taste amazing or like desserts worth eating This go around they had a raspberry cake strawberry shortcake chocolate cake etc Another notable dessert was a tapioca pudding with a passion fruit glaze yum ~pancakes, egg bacon, french toast, smoked salmon 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~tIVNOpDbZlB5dIHkWfqUcQ~+1 star - Price: $26.99 for buffet lunch in one of Vegas's nice hotels isn't a bad price in my opinion   +2 star - Ambiance: love love love the whole vibe of the restaurant! Very whimsical like "Alice in Wonderland". I'm a sucker for fleurs so I enjoyed the dining room experience very much. My favorite part of the restaurant hands down!  +1 star - Service: waiter was fast and very attentive; always asked between plates if he can grab anything else for my party.   -2 star - Food: selection of meats and desserts were great! Enjoyed the unlimited Korean bbq, as well as the banana/toffee/caramel cakes (pairs well with coffee). HOWEVER, I ate some dishes from their seafood selection (shrimp shumai more specifically) and that night I got FOOD POISONING and spent my last evening in Vegas stuck in my hotel room.~desserts banana caramel coffee shrimp ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~OpUv-caiIV1RfnD4rQ_gTw~This was probably one of the best buffets I've eaten at. The only complaint I have is the RIDICULOUSLY long lines. There's an inside and outside line so note that the inside line takes about an hour. so for the Christmas eve dinner we had to wait a total of 2.5 hrs starting at like 4:30pm. Even though I wanted to poke my eyes out and pull my hair out of restlessness, the food was pretty damn worth it.   Crepes. Gelato. Prime rib and Precracked crab that makes it easier and faster to eat.   Salad bar was really yummy but they overdress it a little bit.   After dinner coffee wasnt too bad either for a buffet.   Holiday Price was $50 though -___-'' extra $10-12 or something for the VIP line. Maybe you can go gamble and win that extra $10 so you can save yourself 2.5 hrs of waiting.~salad coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~pfC-XoYJKsHIBu-f7JJGXw~My second pick for best buffet in Vegas. Some of the dishes weren't my cup of tea, but the quality of all of the food is awesome. Kind of like having samples from all of the fine dining restaurants in the Wynn. Nice way to sample different foods without paying an arm and a leg.~tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iLPEilGtWNfECjDgZOBq6w~OMG   GRAET VALUE!  The happy hour here is awesome. Do try their big Ass burger as it's the best! The ambience, service and every  item we ordered was most excellent !  Inexpensive drinks too.  Happy hour is first come first serve....and busy as the word is out. Get there early!~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UPO5xPG9wk5YSTvCxhH9uw~It took me awhile to come around to Graze. My first visit (probably 5 or so years ago) was underwhelming. Not bad, just not as spectacular as I expected from all the buzz. I went during brunch and ordered the Nutella french toast. I received a few tiny (one inch by two inch) thinly-sliced and nearly-blackened pieces of baguette with a schmear of Nutella. Not exactly what I envisioned from a ten-dollar plate called "Nutella-Stuffed French Toast."   Next up was a couple of years ago for a birthday slice of Hickory Nut Bourbon-Caramel pie and a cocktail. The pie had a sophisticated flavor profile that I enjoyed but it wasn't quite knocking my socks off (just due to personal preferences, not any lack of quality or talent on account of the chefs).   Third visit: lunch. I had an amazing seasonal cocktail, the name nor details of which I can't remember, and the Farmer John's Provolone sandwich. Flavors were on point but it was so messy that I was able to eat about three bites during my lunch meeting. The baguette was very crusty and difficult to bite through, causing the saucy, juicy ingredients to squish out everywhere. On my most recent visit (details forthcoming) a friend ordered it and subbed sliced sandwich bread for the baguette and it looked phenomenal. No lost insides!  Visit four: the turning point. While Graze's menu isn't huge, it does span a wide range of styles and I finally found something that really spoke to me - the Thai Crispy Rice. Bacon, avocado, peanuts, radish, and a host of herbs are served on top of a sliced block of crispy rice. So, so good, and the perfect portion for lunch. I ordered mine without the egg, and I think in the future I'll request some extra avocado in its stead. Seems like a fair trade, yeah? I also had a tasty hot cider & bourbon cocktail.   Next on the list: those amazing-looking cheese curds to seal the deal.~french toast french toast caramel pie pie sandwich sandwich bread thai bacon avocado radish egg avocado cheese ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~uE7RxoqO4hLoYBZ15DiXSQ~For the price I payed for 4 cupcakes I was a little disappointed. While the frosting was delicious, the actual cupcake was dry!? For a $3 cupcake I was expecting something a bit better. I have made cupcakes that have been much more moist and a whole batch only cost me $3.   Overall, I think I would give Prairie girl another try. Maybe for someones birthday at the office as they did have a good presentation. Added bonus: the boxes were cute and practical~cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~7y-20f0avtJg-mM92-LOYA~This place is located on the NE corner of 4th St and Garfield. Outside seating as well as inside seating. The food looks beautiful on the plate. It also taste great.  The area is in the Garfield area. Some might think it's unsafe but actually it is safe and clean. We had a nice lunch. I had the Churchill Club, my wife had Southwest Salad we love it.  Enjoy Anthony~salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~-1tMZE_73vDcYuslzlQTVg~I loathe waiting in buffet lines, but having this one comped at ~ 40 a head was a little more tolerable It took about 45 minutes to get through on a Monday night so plan accordingly There was no king crab but the snow crab legs were split so that was a good compromise Everything I tried was tasty There was food from every genre imaginable and even indian dishes which is rare for any regular buffet As others have stated the lack of sushi variety is surprising but don t let that deter you All in all if you re looking for a buffet go here and you won t be disappointed ~sushi 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~0d-9GblZSCZ-1Q1VK7Vmhw~TL;DR Pizza cone was cold in the middle! A small cone for $$. Wouldn't go back without a Groupon.  Saw a Groupon for this place, and I thought that the idea of pizza in a cone was worth a try, so I checked it out today. And also because the business is "Hot and New".  Came here around 6:30PM and the place was empty. The guy at the shop seemed like he has been sitting there for a while and smiled finally when a customer came in.  We had a Groupon for $10 worth of food for $6. My BF got their Yummy Cone Special (he requested extra spicy) with onion rings combo. I got myself a Canadian pizza cone with no mushrooms.  Contrary to other reviews the wait wasn't long at all. Took only 5-8 mins for both orders to be completed. We got the onion rings first to eat, and I was surprised at how small the serving was for the onion rings. Well, it was a side, but still very disappointing amount of onion rings.  Pizza cone is NOT large, okay? It is a rather small amount, so don't expect huge servings in this place at all.  The Yummy Cone we ordered wasn't really spicy, though my BF requested it to be spicy. It's just okay, but for $5.30 I wish the size was bigger.  I can say the same for the Canadian cone, it was packed with ingredients, but I was disappointed as I reached the middle part, it was COLD!! They did not prepare the food properly! Well, that was a let-down......  I would go back just because I have another Groupon, but I will not be coming back for any other reason. I don't know if this place gets really busy, but when we went it seemed like it has been a slow, slow day all day for them and we were the first customers for a long while.  Review 55 of 100~onion rings mushrooms onion rings onion rings onion rings ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~iuS9AGAhNQQWyv2xPlV7cw~Beau knows the culinary arts...and service and scenery.  The Valley is littered with great resort based dining options but this is the pinnacle.  The special occasion place that is down the road but a world away.  I recommend going with several people so that you can share and more adequately explore the menu.  The foie gras benedict is decadent but in a good way, the salmon mild but filing, and the peanut butter dessert experience was akin to a kid discovering ice cream for the first time.~salmon peanut butter ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~cnbZH9SEsUrYNovejOCmgw~Had the chicken and waffle,pork shoulder,both really good!!!drinks weren't fantastic though...expensive for such small portions~chicken waffle pork ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~8jSUPiUtJtSHrNggdXdc6g~The buffet (breakfast) is a one and done type of thing. Pay/try once, but don't repeat. You learn fast that there are other less expensive/better options albeit with of course less variety. The coffee is weak, omelette stand is great, and the bread selection (danishes, croissants etc.) can be delicious. The specialty fruit drinks for breakfast are a nice unique option.~coffee ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jJKiElH5RlzF3I3rqJ3mOg~I've been here before for dinner, but this time we stopped by for a early happy hour dinner.  I was thoroughly impressed.  The food, ambiance, and service was all top notch!  We stopped by yesterday and ordered a few drinks.  We then ordered the green chili stew, and fresh guacamole.  Then we ordered the big a$$ burger.  I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection.  They have an awesome happy hour and I would highly recommend this place.~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~HCe1lVxUxcT4idwdRCbuYQ~Their cheese curds are my favorite in Madison. Ive come here a few times for brunch and tried a lot of their offerings, but the only thing that really has any wow factor to me are those cheese curds.  *update*  I just finished eating non brunch here for the first time. Im not a big burger fan, so i cant say much about it, but the mac and cheese was a masterpiece. Medium, al dente shells in a rich, thick, garlicky cheese sauce. It tastes like some seriously aged cheese!  *another update*  I just became the duke and realized that ive eaten here a lot of times (forgot to check in for some of those times). If i'm eating here so much, i must seriously love it, so im bumping this up to 5.  This time around, i just came back from a heavy day at the gym and was craving something with some meat, big flavor, and lots of fresh vegetables for my post workout meal. The bibimbap really delivered! I think it couldve used more rice to be more similar to what my korean grandma makes, but it was perfect for my veggie craving because it was packed with fresh cucumber, radish, and carrots. This was the perfect follow up to my protein shake.~cheese cheese burger mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~c0o76XcyM8hleCPYGzX2RA~Decent food in a nice setting, but it's kind of disingenuous to call it a "gastropub". It's neither pubby nor particularly epicurean. We sat at the bar, as we like to do, but it was just kind of a strange experience and the servers/bartender were awkward. I ordered the moules frites, which were actually very good, and I appreciated that there were no closed mussels in the bowl (major pet peeve). Fianc had the pork bibimbap, which was somehow lacking flavor and the rice, formed into a brick and grilled, had a gluey, compressed texture. He liked his beers, but I was turned off by the wine. First, when I asked the bartender for a suggestion and said my only dislike was Chardonnay, he steered me toward the Chardonnay, which was the most expensive by-the-glass option at $15, saying "It's not like other Chardonnays"...ok...gave it a try and it was exactly like other Chardonnays. So I ordered a glass of Pinot at a more reasonable $8 or $9 per glass, and it was tastier but oddly warm. Like room temperature warm. The other bartender said that since they have a tap wine system, the wine just tends to be warmer than if it were in the fridge. Gotcha, but a) you aren't the only restaurant in the country with a tap wine system and yet others still manage to chill their wines properly and b) offering me a glass of ice cubes as a solution was just tacky. With tax and tip dinner ended up being in the upper $60s/lower $70s.~pork ~2 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~FRog7qUkkQ_wQZGB4UDWEg~Their pizza cones caught my eyes ever since the first time I saw a picture of it on Instagram. I didn't pay much attention to them at first until more and more pictures of them started appearing on my feed. I've got to admit, making a pizza into a cone is a really unique concept because eating pizza can sometimes get really messy.   Anyhow, I went for a visit with a Groupon deal. My first impression of Yummy Cone was that the place was really small, had limited seats, and the layout of it was a little bit awkward (maybe because I was the only one in the restaurant at the time). I ordered the Yummy Cone Special with Tornado Fries and a drink. The Yummy Cone Special is made with pepperoni, bacon, sausage, green peppers, red peppers, hot banana peppers, mushrooms, cheddar & mozzarella cheese. The food is freshly made with each order, which also meant the waiting time is a little longer than usual.   The size of the pizza cone was relatively small. You definitely can't have this as a meal, only as a snack. However, the taste was actually pretty good, I'd say even better than most of the big pizza chains out there. There were a lot of toppings inside the cone, probably twice the amount of toppings you would get on a regular pizza slice. Surprisingly, the cone did not get soggy and remained crispy throughout. However, I was a little disappointed with the Tornado Fries because it was over-cooked to the point where most part of it was black. Every bite of it was bitter.  Next time I visit Yummy Cone, I will probably try their poutine since it was recommended by one of their staffs. Nonetheless, it was a great experience and perfect for an "on the go" snack.~fries pepperoni bacon sausage banana mushrooms mozzarella cheese fries ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZOGNTA3RPzJPXF0NxOfkRQ~A big fan or Tory Miller and what he's done for the Madison foodie scene, I was pumped when he opened this place!  Killer spot on the square with awesome views and fresh urban "farm to table" type decor.  The focus is just good quality seasonal food!  We had the pickle sampler for an appetizer and it was fantastic, inventive, and fun.  The graze burger was out of this world, and I had the pulled pork macaroni and cheese which was equally amazing.  The last time we visited I felt like they were short staffed so I will give them a little lee-way on timely service, but the quality was there.  The bartenders are always great with an ever changing drink menu...and the bar area is a great place to see and be seen!~burger pulled pork ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~o2uaVUmPUwUB21oIFgYAcg~What a beautiful setting for luxury dining and sunset watching! Just as the sun is about to set, the electronic shades lift seamlessly and very Bond-like to reveal the sun kissed mountains and orange blush sky. People who often say that Arizona is dry and barren should come here and see just how different it can be!  Memorable food items included:     Braised short ribs entree with sticky rice, brussel sprout and bacon kimichi with Korean BBQ sauce.  - This is a must order!      Duck confit mooshu chickpea crepe appetizer -unique in flavor and texture      Fiery calamari appetizer - just the right amount of spice      Lobster bisque (soup of the day) - Rich and delicious       Truffle whipped potatoes side dish - Addicting and irresistible   Summer prix fixe: (this menu changes daily and must be requested)      Rock shrimp over pork belly and Basil fried rice - really good      Chicken breast dish over mashed potatoes, but not the truffle whipped potatoes - my friend enjoyed her dish, but also just described it as "good"      Lava cake with vanilla gelato - Perfectly done!  Our group was celebrating a birthday, so the waitress brought out a special PB Bomb dessert on the house with the words, "Happy birthday" written in chocolate. They also brought out 4 yummy cookies along with our bill. We felt really spoiled by our wonderful, patient waitress (I say patient because it took us forever to decide what we wanted at first. She didn't rush us and thoroughly explained our dish choices to help us decide what to order). Thanks Elements and staff for making our friend's birthday so special and memorable!~ribs bacon soup shrimp pork fried rice chicken cake cookies ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~AYiWFm3l3zgL7ygtX3Rkcg~Absolutely wonderful! Service was great. We had the mixed green salad & pork wings for appetizers. Both were great. For dinner, we got the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin (it was amazing!) & NY strip steak, which was good. The green chili Mac & cheese was the best dish all night--a must have!!~salad pork appetizers bacon pork steak cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~1imJ1BWS_b6qolDx4Vy1gA~One of the best buffets I have EVER been to.  The layout is very well organized.  Of course, a place like Wynn is going to have a certain level of quality and selection, but this was just OUTSTANDING!!!   Our server was very friendly (and spoke English) and took care of our plates as we emptied them. Kept out water full and made suggestions for combinations. He aso received the highest tip we have ever left for a buffet server.  Highights:  Kobe Meatloaf Venison Roast Rosemary Pheasant  Pumpkin Ravioli Great Sushi  We took our time, stayed for 2 hours and even had coffee. I will go back and I will bring many people. If asked, I will suggest this in my top 3 buffets in Vegas.~meatloaf pumpkin sushi coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~coYk-n1_W312nup5bIFYCQ~Stopped by just before 6:00 p.m. with my wife for happy hour Karben 4 Dragon Flute beers, pork buns, a pickle plate and mussels.  Good stuff.~pork ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~1VA_i9fj7BeD364Fupp0kQ~I went with high hopes -- we tried the strawberry daiquiri and the red velvet cupcakes. The cake parts of both were relatively flat, in that they looked compressed. I found the strawberry daiquiri one disappointing: it was too dense with too much icing. The red velvet one had a moister, lighter texture with nice cream cheese icing but it wasn't as good as the Costco red velvet cupcakes...   Probably would not return. Undoubtedly the cupcakes are a delight to see and smell, but nothing special to eat.  Update: I tried the mini cupcakes at a later date and found them significantly better than the large ones. I revised from 2 to 3 stars. The small ones tend to be moister and have a lower icing to cake ratio. They're just as sweet as the large ones but less daunting. Would recommend the small ones over the regular ones.~cupcakes cake cream cheese ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~q6xdw2DxFc3mloacnQyFOg~A very inviting space, Luke's was disappointing to me on food.  I ordered the seared ahi tuna appetizer, props to this being mostly discounted due to the yelp checkin but the tuna was overcooked and personally I think the dish would be much better leaving the tuna raw because the flavor of the slaw and sauce was a good compliment.  My crab cake sandwich was small and I was disappointed that they would not broil the crab cake but the waiter assured me that it was only quickly flash fried. We might have differing definitions of flash fried because there was a thick layer of fried crust which deterred what would have otherwise been a good sammy. The fries were excellent - well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  The bloody marys (although I didn't order one) had epicly sized accoutrements.~tuna tuna tuna crab cake ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Soy1dIDyr5xEkStGV16X1g~Roarrrrrrrr! No, it's okay prefer chopsticks :)  This oddly located restaurant is a delight.  When you first walk to the doors you know you're in for a treat -- I feel like making an entrance like Aragorn in LOTR -- you nerds know what I'm talking about.  I was feeling hungry that night and ordered me a "Big Ass Burger" -- no I'm not just saying it because it's big -- It's actually called the "Big Ass Burger!"  Yum!  Filled my little tummy :)  Service is bangin' -- Thanks Mr. Ryan!  The ambience is low and chill with a rustic feel.  No, not because of the age of the people :) - Enjoy!~burger burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~W-H6V5VLBKG73stj6kXNBQ~Of course its expensive!!! Duh, what was I thinking... It's the WYNN for goodness sakes!  My family was feeling spontaneous, packed a few things and headed Vegas in the pouring rain on sat evening! Since our trip was pretty last minute, we really only had half a day to spend in Vegas, but we still made time for one buffet so we chose to eat at the Wynn for lunch. While standing in line I told my dad i heard really good things about the buffet so he started to wonder how much it was going to be per person. My cheap dad thought it was only gonna be 18 bucks for lunch! ha ha  But I knew better, so after i told him my guess, he said "LETS GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!" of course we convinced him to stay!  And boy was he glad he did!  The Wynn buffet has such a huge selection of food. They had sea food, sushi, Asian food with a congee station, omelets made especially for you, pasta's, soul food, different kids of cheeses, bagels, breads, BBQ hen, prime rib, waffles, pancakes, parfaits, soups/salads/fruits, Mexican food, Italian food...u name it, they had it!  Oh and did i forget to mention their dessert?? They had a ton of different things there, felt like a kid in a candy store! the dessert selection alone is worth the $30+ bucks /per person.  Oh...I do have to say one thing though, pass on the candied apple, it 's really just for looks, the candy coating is a pretty red color but tastes disgusting! It's impossible to eat too, i almost hurt myself trying to get a bite of that apple!  Other than that, everything was amazing, even their unsweetened ice tea was the best i've ever had!! (i know, its probably all in my head..o well)  Oh yea, can't forget to mention we had the nicest server/bus boy =)~sushi pasta soul food cheeses breads pancakes salads apple apple tea ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~THXXUjyY7dORZgQ9txnuFw~Great little salad bar and would love to give them 5 Stars but no Organic Ingredients... YET,  I hope the powers that be see this and take note for those of use that prefer their foods to be clean and real. ;)~salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~2CzdoO-KLq2uji2cr12KQA~Great place to go for lunch...  but awful acoustics.   Everything echoes.   Best cup of coffee in town, but smaller than anticipated serving size ( need more than a few pieces pieces of  soggy lettuce to call it a side salad)        But this is where I will always bring my out of town guests for lunch for the million dollar view!     Beautiful location!~coffee lettuce salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~U8V6Z9bsHIy1i1qcx7xlLg~I'm always happy here and the wait times aren't bad, even when it's busy. They also have my favorite cheese curds in all of Madison!~cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Dihn6zt9096Kkw-8lhNsxQ~Graze is my one of my top 3 restaurants in Madison. The bibimbap is phenomenal, and their cheese curds are the best in Madison! Atmosphere is great too.   They don't take reservations, so go early on a weekend, or enjoy the wait by walking around the Square.  Their drink list is awesome too - and if you like wine, try their keg wine. It's delicious!~cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~wrXQKPLC_bS6g58w7li1ig~Adequate bar food; sub-par for Korean-inspired food, upscale looking happy hour. Graze is an almost average gastropub. (Alchemy, Weary Traveler, Harmony, even Old Fashioned offer more interesting, tasty meals.) If you want Kraft-mac bland, the Korean food is fine (seriously,  Kraft would have to skip the cheese to match the plain flavor of Graze). Kimchi is supposed to be fermented, not rotted. Without crispy rice, there is no proper bibimbap. Suits and hipsters circle each other nervously over cocktails; if this is your scene, you're keeping the doors open. Food sales do not. In a smaller pond this would be bigger fish food. There are many better options, some within a  block or two.~cheese ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~O-VqbCdaqMI2xjgYIpXFyA~Update: Having eaten here multiple times now, my experience is now a little more modest.  The Graze Burger is solid, but I realized it was a sloppy mess the 2nd time around. The bibimbap is probably the best Korean dish in Madison, which isn't saying much. The pork and crispy rice make it pretty interesting. The chicken & waffles are superb, as well!  The cheese curds are not my cup of tea. Something about the breading is just too thick. The cheese part of it is very good, though.  But, if you want a really good appetizer, go for the pork buns.  The prices are affordable and portions are filling, especially for a premier Capitol restaurant. There is always a long wait (we were trying to get dinner on a Saturday evening) but it is well worth it.~burger pork chicken cheese tea cheese pork ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a-WqwqcJrPEUJXLYeWzgaA~The sauce is good and they're always offering Groupons. I've tried their other food and its terrible. The fried chicken and catfish had absolutely no flavor. The bread is cold and soggy. The peach cobbler and mac and cheese were obviously microwaved (too hot in some spots, icy cold in others) and lacked flavor. If you're going for a pulled pork bbq sandwich with fries, you'll be fine. Anything else and you'll be really disappointed.   Overall totally overrated.~fried chicken ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~aQkglCpqFytyW0XuGsIQYA~I just came back from Vegas for a short trip with my cousins and on our final day there we wanted a good buffet...Vegas style...and we found it HERE!! There was everything! It was Sunday so they have their Brunch buffet from 8am till 3pm. We got in line around 12:30 and were seated about 1:45pm the line was about an hour, it just took a little longer for us to get seated because we had a party of 10 and wanted to all sit together otherwise they will seat large parties earlier if you don't mind being separated.  We started eating as soon as we sat down and we ended up staying past 3pm for their switch to the dinner menu which was a total plus because they brought out king crab legs! And much much more!!!!  We paid 29.99 a person but if you want the champagne brunch it was 36.99 a person. And after 3pm the dinner goes up to 39.99 a person...my recommendation is to get there a bit before 3 pay the brunch price eat a little of one menue before they switch to the dinner you get twice the selection of food for a better price!! Happy Eatting P.S: The coffee ice cream is a must even if you don't like coffee!!! Its a complete must they make it themselves so its one of a kind!!!~coffee ice cream coffee ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~mw0x44dzX3p4q1J10KQm9w~Must go for lunch and dinner. I had salmon bisque soup that was fantastic! Then followed up with 1/2 dozen oysters in a half shell! Stellar! Then I had the Steel City Lobster Roll .... Taste great till I found a rubber band from the produce in my sandwich. The owner Luke came out with a new sandwich and apologized. He offered me a drink/dessert as well as no charge for the sandwich. Luke is a stand up guy and the restaurant is amazing! Highly recommend and I will be back:-) Thank you Luke and staff!~salmon soup lobster roll sandwich sandwich sandwich ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~HNr3CPZS72UU7beMu46g9Q~My favorite buffet in Vegas so far! Went here for the dinner buffet.  Sit in the garden area. It is so pretty and nice. It is kind of like Alice in Wonderland's tea party decor-wise.  The food is quite good for buffet fare. The salads that they mix for you have a touch too much dressing on them, but are great. Other good food items - Chinese shrimp dumplings, risotto, bruschetta, shrimps.    The desserts - this is where to spend your calories in this buffet if you have a sweet tooth like mine... The ice cream is excellent. Eat all of the flavors. Put toppings too! Candy apple is quite decent - it looks nice and eating it in the garden area makes it taste better. Lemon meringue thing in a cup = very very good. Strawberry shortcake recon in a cup was also very good. Black forest cake classed up in a neat slice - quite good. Apple crumble is sooo good and warm. Cream puff was so so - I have had better, but eat it anyway, it is not that big. The creme brle was not bad either, although the ones in Montreal are way better. Just eat it, since it tastes light and sugary. Crepe is good and ask for ice cream on it. Take a chocolate and sprinkled covered marshmallow on your way out the door because they look cute and are sweet.  Mmm. Go to this buffet and eat and eat and eat! Then sit and look at the pretty garden area, sip some tea, and eat eat eat some more. Make an evening out of it!~tea salads shrimp risotto shrimps desserts ice cream apple lemon cake apple ice cream tea ~5 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~8xMVXbS7-jBW_-qWWFFRFQ~My favorite place for spiked milk shakes. I always get the Carmel pretzel shake. It's the perfect mix of salty and sweet. The burgers are great too. I usually get farmer brown burger. It is awesome with the fried egg~milk burgers brown burger egg ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OcYtglu4jv4p0Lk1msFOUg~Awesome!  I was on a business trip in Arizona and this place was recommended.  Our group of 6 sat on the patio (they had fires going so the temperature was nice).  It was dinner and the waiter was awesome (I think his name was Paul).  We had the chili Mac & cheese and it was good (I am not a Mac & Cheese person - AT ALL).  I had the Salmon and tasted the pork tenderloin.  Both dishes were awesome.  The food is presented nicely.  One in our group had the fish tacos (which were actually shrimp that night).  he said they were awesome.  I want to try the Big Ass burger - maybe as a carb load before a run the next day.  The ambiance was perfect for conversation with business colleagues.  I will caveat that our dinner was at the same time as the BCS championship game.  The waiter even noted that the restaurant traffic was light.  We had a great time and I learned that there is a location in Austin in my neck of the woods.  Funny, I had to travel to learn of great spot in my own backyard.  I'm adding Roaring Fork to one of my favs!  Try it!~cheese cheese salmon pork tacos shrimp burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~3K3o1HiboSlMUuwt8PnLbw~The pinnacle of Vegas buffets.    They offer all sorts of cuisines here at the Wynn and every single one is done surprisingly well.  Great meat selection at the carving station, and the seafood selection is ample as well.  Crab legs cut in half, piles of cocktail shrimp ready for the taking, and even a nice sushi selection on the side, with hand rolls being my favorite although you gotta get it when it just comes out or else the seaweed will get soggy and that's no fun.  A good deal of grilled items, which to me shows that they are actually spending to effort to make their items, rather than taking the easy road and frying everything.  BBQ sliders, hen, grilled pork chops, and roasted fish are just a few the good ones.  As for the carving station, definitely go for the bacon if they have it.  It is just a beautiful piece of meat done right.  If you go there for brunch, there's an omelette station and once dinner service starts at 3:30pm, it turns into a made-to-order Italian pasta station.  I love the pasta there, especially when you can have it made with the ingredients you like and the sauces to go with it.  Nothing better than to sit here for 3+ hours and eat different meals all in one sitting :P   As for the dessert selection, it beats all others as well.  Just the ice cream is a good enough reason.  Their coffee ice cream is bitter like real coffee and they offer good toppings for your ice cream.  Pile them almonds!  You can even order crepes which is just fun cause you can choose different toppings to overdose on sugar.  My favorite dessert though is the creme brulee just cause I'm a sucker for them hahah.  This buffet seriously stands alone at the top by itself.  I absolutely love coming here.  The quality is there and I really think everything is just done with much more effort.  At $30-40 it is a bit pricey and the wait can be long but hey, it's worth it.~shrimp sushi pork bacon pasta pasta ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ice cream ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~4tTP2eSIe6NnEss0g8oC9A~I really liked the food and felt that the quality and freshness of the ingredients produced flavors that were like very few meals that I have ever had.  I ordered the GrazeBurger and couldn't help but notice that the burger was obviously made in such a way that set it apart from almost every other burger that I have ever had.  With all that said, our cheese curds, 2 GrazeBurgers, Asian pasta entree and 3 nonalcoholic beverages ran $95.00. Everything was delicious but for the $30+ average ticket I probably won't be lining up again that soon.  As delicious as it was, $21.00 for maybe a 6oz burger left me feeling a bit out of my element.~burger burger cheese pasta burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5MAub7krLlDxYSFdc7HkkQ~Been to location in North Austin .... this is just as good.  Great drinks, helpful waiter and phenomenal chicken flat bread.  Reasonable cost for the environment and treatment.  Food is outstanding and employees seem to care about what they do.  Rest room is a long jaunt but nothing is perfect.  Well worth the trip and your money.~chicken ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~6ZXDKMNeu64BCNWGjm7v-g~Seeing that I can only recall having Cuban food once before this, I guess I really don't have much expertise in this area.  However, I was blown away yesterday when my mom, brother & I shared a variety of tastes here.  We all shared an appetizer, one of their lunch specials and the Midnight sandwich.  Which was definitely more than enough food! You most certaintly get your moneys worth!    While the multiple layers of the sandwich are like a party in your mouth, the slow roasted, tender sliced pork with onions was a tounge-gasim for sure!  I can't wait to go back and get this meat all packaged up in the Cuban sandwich form.  The appetizer was delicious too, I just can't remember it's name, but it was a shrimp and crab filled fried green plantain.  While the crunchy plantain may have been a bit too crunchy for my taste, the filling was so scrumptious that I had no problem finishing that last little piece that no one else wanted to claim, lol.  All the sides were pretty tasty too!   We also lucked out that my brothers friend's joined us a little late, because we all got a taste, of perhaps the most amazing fried chicken ever!  The breading was light and crispy, and the chicken was oh so tender. Then the cherry on top, he ordered a piece of the Tres Leche cake for everyone to share and one to go.  Upon arrival, he decided that one was simply not going to enough to share and ended up eating his to go piece right then. Even though I had originally said no dessert, I once again had no issue with scraping up that last little morsel of this light and lucious cake.  I also decided a coffee sounded like the perfect compliment, and the lovely waitress recommended the Cuban espresso. At first I hesitated, but of course, it was simply amazing, the perfect ending to a perfect meal.~sandwich sandwich pork sandwich shrimp plantain plantain fried chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4iLB64vVZ4dHHSoqN58O3Q~way overrated.  there were a lot of options, but there wasn't anything that stood out for me. the place is a little reminiscence of the tea party in alice in wonderland. and we only had our drinks refilled once.~tea ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~z8XmuTAU9eUXpUytYf5RcQ~0% probability cheese curds can be made better by anyone. If you are ever in Madison, make it a priority to stop in. Service, food & drinks were spot on.~cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~b9LV9b67uflgRS2VCWr4vw~Went during brunch hours on Sunday, February 13, 2011. The line was pretty long, close to bout an hour wait. Price was approx~ 35 per person We had a party of 11 people seating wasn t too bad Food was pretty good Ranges out from different sections The prime ribs was excellent Staff members were extremely nice I m not much of a buffet person but I would definitely come back ~ribs 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~xumqR4BfVu4fJncdcCZnnw~So I was soooooooo excited to go to this restaurant per the pictures on Yelp and the comments. When my boyfriend and I walked into the restaurant it was aesthetically pleasing and the greeter and waiter was very pleasant. Being from New Orleans the first thing to catch our eyes was the Asian catfish...actually it wasn't the Asian part JUST A TASTE OF THE YUMMY FLAKY CATFISH!!!! We ordered it and there was no seasoning on the fish (this saddened me) but hey the dipping sauce helped. He (the boyfriend) then ordered a mixed drink, but it was like a play on hot chocolate and it actually tasted like a lemonade. Lol I think I liked it! My boyfriend didn't.   Lol then I had to order the lobster roll (this is what I came there for). So I ordered the hot one with the gravy over it and guess what?????? I DIDN'T LIKE THE LOBSTER ROLL!!!! BUT I LOOOOOOOVED THE GRAVY WITH MY FRENCH FRIES!!!!!  2 STARS FOR THIS PLACE BUT ONLY FOR THE GOOD ASS GRAY!!!!  YUMMYLICIOUS!!!~lobster roll lobster roll french fries ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~qSuaf0Z6pAuVwcsdq6o_JQ~Super popular hip restaurant in the Capitol area of Madison.  Not crazy about the hour long waits, but I did enjoy the farm to table offerings.  Their seasonal lemonade was fantastic - mine was cherry raspberry.  For appetizers we had the mac and cheese made with 10 year old cheddar.  I realize the cheese was aged but I think it would have benefited from a blend of cheeses to make the flavor more complex.  The artisan bread was tasty, but the style was more homemade than artisan.  They were rolls like the kind you could make in your oven at home.  Truffle popcorn is a huge trend right now, and I was glad to try their rendition.  It was natural popcorn, a little salty and a hint of truffle.  I think I would've preferred more of a dunking of truffle.  Finally, the cheese curds.  AMAZING!  The breading was light and the dipping sauce complemented nicely.   For our entrees we had the warm farro salad and the fried chicken and waffle.  The warm farro salad was great - a lot of fresh vegetable ingredients and a nice tangy vinegarette dressing.  The fried chicken was a bit disappointing.  The batter was laid on very thick and so the chicken was encrusted with this coat of batter that didn't have the unevenness or crispy texture you'd get with a light hand battered chicken.  Overall, a good restaurant - high end and hip with good farm to table choices.  Next time, i'll stick with more vegetables.~cherry appetizers mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~TxSSdJx0wuspTS8Sg7U5XA~Green mac and cheese! GREEN MAC AND CHEESE! GREEN MAC AND CHEESE!!!  If you can only have one thing while you're there, you HAVE TO HAVE the green mac and cheese. I am a mac and cheese fanatic, and I was in love! It was perfectly cheesy and the bread crumb crust was perfectly toasted. I can't wait to find a reason to go back to Scottsdale to have it again.  Now, on the drive to the hotel, our driver recommended the "Big Ass Burger," which I didn't order, because it was literally a BIG ASS burger. It was the size of my ASS! I couldn't bring myself to do it.  Our group did order the spicy jack fondue with apples, yams (?) and the best crouton thingys ever! In addition to loving mac anc cheese, I love all things with cheese in them, so this was perfect.   Dinner - I had the filet mignon. Come on, it was on someone else's tab, I had to do it. It was a piece of meat and nothing else. It was cooked to perfection, so I was extremely happy.   Dessert, well the chocolate cake was meh. Even though it had chiles of some sort in it for southwestern flair. It was WAY TOO dense! I could only handle ONE bite, and that's saying something because I love sweets and could eat them all day long. The creme brulee was much better.  But get the Green Mac and Cheese!!!~mac and cheese ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~mt8rjiv8ZFZ5aBZHPDqdsg~when i see a bunch of microwaves behind the counter, i get apprehensive.   i also read a few claims that the king palace isn't really authentic. not being pakistani, i can't speak to this. however, when i visited, the restaurant was full of happy regulars. like with chinese food, you rarely go wrong following chinese people.  i had the kashmiri chicken. it took a while, but it was delicious. but even more delicious was the naan. i loved it. i couldn't finish all the food.  dcor screams hole-in-the-wall. service is brusque (at least to me), but efficient.~chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~z0EuMBqKddIeH-iqvF0mmg~First buffet at Vegas (that I can remember...) and it was pretty amazing!  There's a good variety of items here but not as much as I thought there would be. Some casino buffets in San Diego have more variety of items than here, but what they lack in variety, they excel in quality.   There might be a ton of buffets out there that claim they have the most variety of items but the quality is horrendous! And when you take that into consideration, there's probably only a couple of things you can actually eat because everything else tastes like crap.   Everything tastes AMAZING here at Wynn! Some of my favorites have to be the FLANK STEAK. OMG! BEST TASTING STEAK EVER!!! I couldn't stop eating it! They used really good quality foods for everything! The fruit they served had some of the best tasting pineapple I've ever had!! There's a really nice dessert section with a made to order crepe station!! For dinner there is also king crap legs that are sliced in half for you already!! You don't have to work for the meat, which makes it all the more enjoyable to eat!!   I loved the presentation of all the food items. I tend to not eat salads at buffets but when Wynn arranges the salad in beautiful glass cups, I couldn't even resist eating some!   Drinks are unlimited as well, so you can pick from coffee, tea, sodas, etc.   I think lunch is around $24 and dinner is around $43 (tax included).   The only reason I didn't give this place five stars is because: 1) Lacking in variety of items (as compared to other casino buffets); 2) No watermelon (my favorite fruit); 3) No macaroons (which I saw on other yelper's pictures); 4) Our waiter changed shifts and our second waiter was really neglectful of us  Overall: I would totally recommend this buffet! The quality of their foods here is top notch!~steak steak pineapple salads salad coffee tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~e4NNpvUcFAYWPttiCbO3xg~We've eaten here many times and have always loved the food.  My husband gets the rib-eye steak and says they're the best he has ever had.  The Big Ass burger is not your average burger. It's huge and the beef has a wonderful flavor.  The chicken flatbread is delicious so much so that one friend ordered that as their entree.  The huckleberry cheesecake and hot huckleberry bread pudding with ice cream were amazing.  Their ingredients are always fresh and tasty.    We had an item, only once, that we didn't care for and management went above and beyond to take care of it.  They're very diligent about making sure the customer is happy with their meal.    It's a good idea to make reservations for dinner as sometimes the tables/booths are all reserved and you may have to sit out on the patio.  The dinner patio is large, with good size, comfortable tables/chairs and a fireplace if it's a little chilly. If you want to be there for Happy Hour and thus have to sit in the bar area, you better be there long before opening or you won't get a seat.  Even the small bar patio fills up.  We've taken friends and family from out-of-state there and know they'll be happy with their meal.  The noise level depends on where you're sitting.  If it's in the bar area during happy hour it can get a little noisy but the dining room and large patio seem to be quiet to average for noise.~steak burger burger beef chicken ice cream ~5 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~Sox6LZmn0BLw8qWzW2d-Yw~Food was delicious. Tacos were excellent and coconut chicken appetizer was great too. But while we were here for lunch we got bothered extensively by a group of guys that were beyond shitfaced. It was a Monday afternoon! One guy walked over to our table and said inappropriate things while another drank out of my water glass. Total disregard for personal space. Do not dine here unless you are willing to drunk assholes and a disregard for your experience. Food was delicious. Experience overall was awful. Have  never had someone come to my table and drink out of my water. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone over 21 years old.~tacos coconut chicken ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dXdPc9gVItQ_9Qc-99o_gQ~Graze has got to be Madison's first Foodie Restaurant. I remember when Graze was just a concept of Executive Chef Tory and his team. To get such amazing food combinations you had to dine at L'Etoile or their sister restaurant, Cafe Soleil.  Ever since the move, Graze and L'Etoile have been an epic pair to serve two different clientele some of the most inventive and delicious food. But I regress... this review is about Graze.   Graze is all about local, sustainable and Deeelicious Food! While I have not experienced this restaurant as many times as other restaurants in town, it is something special to me and I cherish the moments I have with it.  I recall my first visit was very clinical... I checked out the menu in a random selection process and paired my beverages with it. I love the selection and size of the menus as they allow you to share and enjoy with friends or create a great meal that will leave anyone satisfied. I was with a friend for a late lunch so I sampled.   We started out with the Meats and Pickled Boards. The meats were so delicate and served with basic yet complimentary tasters and bread; while I am a sucker for pickled veggies, my friend really went to town on the meats board. There were many other snacker size plates and to plate them in such variety makes me smile. After getting our palates started we both got the rest of our meal and if I recall right, it was a great way to start the afternoon.   My most recent visit I shall not forget because it was a day to celebrate and of firsts. This time was more formal and for a dinner date; we both got amazing entrees to which neither of us wanted to share our selection as we were both so enthralled them. The dinner ended with a roasted bone marrow! It was new to me and I definitely enjoyed the experience however I will keep it as a treat cause it can't be healthy, but oh so tasty. And we did add the Luge option which gives you a spot of sherry to rinse the bone and its delicious juices down on to your taste buds. Quite the experience, and many passerby's thought so too.  Graze is rustic with earth tones, farm accents, and a beautiful view of the capitol. The capitol view, with its expansive lawns and majestic trees, only completes the picturesque rustic Wisconsin yet downtown dining experience. A sure place to WOW anyone visiting the city.   Overall, I would highly recommend Graze if wanting a downtown experience with big city flair. There is something for everyone and even brunch to make up for closing Cafe Soleil, which it does many times over. I know that my next visit will definitely include the Graze Burger, my curiosity beckons.~date burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4od_jisnrWJCfshhWS8AiA~Went here with a group of 8. Kind of weird location because it in a business park area. Overall the food I ordered was amazing. Some of the other dishes seemed a tad bland but that could be my pallet.  The tortilla soup is a must! So great the way the avocado and chicken make the soup so creamy and filling. Plus the presentation is gorgeous. I ordered the dried chicken. Of the 8, it definitely won everyone as the best dish. Only comment is that I would of loved a green vegetable with it, alone it was quite heavy.  I appreciate that they have a pre fix menu option which is a good deal. There was a wedding party or something going on which made the place super busy on a Thursday but Overall I'd totally go back.~soup avocado chicken soup chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~G1UD7AUKVqAL-e2X-4JmWQ~No sushi :( I hope this is temporary! This was a main selling point for me. Bummer.  On the upside, the popcorn shrimp is quite tasty!~sushi popcorn shrimp ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~_PqYXu_Ea8Z1Nu2suicEPQ~My family and I were disappointed to see that the The Buffet seems to be slipping.  When we visited a few days ago, the quality was sub-par.  The eggs Benedict were hard-boiled, the fish was overcooked, and our waiter was not very attentive (we ran out of coffee and cream and never saw our waiter again to request more.)  I hope this is a temporary lapse, but if this is the new norm I don't think we'll dine elsewhere.~eggs benedict coffee ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~NiCW5_p-83eo1S_CcC7B-g~It tough times when coming here as it's all about decisions, decisions. ...and more decisions. lol.. Prairie girl cupcakes spits out over 20+ types of cupcake flavors from vanila, red velvet, and lemon to peanut butter, caramel and coconut.  Though this place is small, like a kiosk, it can definitely serve to satisfy your sweet tooth...........any time of the day. Just ensure you're there latest by NOON in case you wish to reserve a case for any work meeting.  Another thing to look out for is their flavors of the day (usually two type) that sell for $1.99 for two minis.~cupcakes lemon peanut butter ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~qxPF4QWBXpQFXXrKCSt-sw~Luke Wholey's is a great place to stop in when shopping in the Strip on the weekends. Especially in the warmer months, I love the open garage doors and the fresh oyster shucking outside. There's not many places in the 'Burgh to get great oysters, but definitely Luke Wholey's is one of them. Especially check out their happy hour when they have 1/2 price specials! I consistently have had great fish here - fresh, delicious and everything cooked perfectly. The lobster bisque and the old bay peel and eat shrimp are my favorite starters other than oysters. I've also had salmon and tuna here that was excellent!~shrimp salmon tuna ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FTdr1cHrYmJoq565SrpNBg~We had 2 comps to come here for dinner or lunch and we came here for lunch while still needing to pay for 2 other people.  The lady that was ringing us up was at first not that nice in knowing that we had the comps, because she had to call other mgrs, like we were trying to get in for free- oh wait, we were.  But anyway, once it was okayed, she smiled and said thank you.  i don't like those kind of people.  Buffet:  They make people wait in line when there are clearly room inside.  you know, it's like those friday night clubs in sf that want to look like they are so hot.  Did not like that either.    Food:  Things tasted good, variety not so much.  Fruits were really fresh and good, but it's just fruit.  Liked the personalized omelettes to order, but there was nothing special and not worth $30 for the weekend lunch.  Service is nice inside, but waiters were not fast in picking up dishes, mainly because I think the spot we sat in was far.    However I thought the gelato buffet was really cool and distinctive and everyone has to try the coffee flavor!    In the end, i only got 2 plates and had a stomach ache. : (  Derek says:  I had the dinner buffet here and thought the food was of high quality but like janice i thought the variety was not there.  THE COFFEE GELATO IS A MUST TRY.  its pretty dark coffee flavor so i like it.  i was stuff at the buffet had 4 servings of prime rib, load of crablegs, shrimp, mussels, clams, had some side dishes and finished it off with a crepe and 6 creme brulees.~coffee coffee coffee shrimp ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~fO-6T529VJnN3imgFBlnAg~We love Graze. Excellent atmosphere, perfect view of the Capitol, and nice outdoor seating in the summer/fall.  Must haves: Pretzel appetizer, White Truffle Popcorn, Hooks Aged Cheddar Mac&Cheese, Pub Burger   Pros: Great food, fresh ingredients, locally sourced Excellent ambiance/cool decor Easy to fit large parties (as long as you're willing to wait!) Friendly Waitstaff Great Vegetarian Options!  Cons: No reservations, so if you go at a busy time, plan to wait for at least an hour~white popcorn burger ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~bCziG4S8hnNs0o2r6Inrxg~Went tonight for Father's Day dinner , was greeted by a very friendly staff and ambiance . Had the dumpling and oyster appetizer was amazing.for entree had the Chilean sea bass and honestly the best I have ever had !! My wife had the chicken very good ! Amazing dinner and service highly recommended !!!~chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~cI2CdW0DqgTW640gxRphNg~We were told that we needed to come to this restaurant, not primarily for the food but for the view. We were not disappointed. The restaurant is enclosed by floor to ceiling glass windows, and beyond the windows are a pretty sweet view of the capital. Especially gorgeous during the evening.   The first thing I noticed about this restaurant though, is that it gets loud. I'm talking, "I need a drink to tune everything else out" kind of loud. Just a note. If you're a notorious over-orderer like I am, then try to snag a seat at a bar or a booth if possible, the tables in the center of the restaurant seem a little small.  As for the menu, there are a handful of market entrees you have all sorts of options including beef, fish, scallops, and tofu. The farm to table concept here is huge. The backside of the menu showcases all the local food supplies that Graze sources their food from. Eat local! There is also a small selection of other items to choose from which include traditional favorites like burgers, fried chicken and mac and cheese. Just for good measure, there's also a bibimbap on the menu--us rice loving Hawaii people appreciated this!   While the Graze Burger seems to get all the hype around here, I wasn't in the mood to eat a full on cow so I decided to go with the Pub Burger and switched the regular beef patty with the beet and walnut patty. I'm no vegetarian (pls, I'm the girl who says a meal is not a meal if there's no meat in it), but I do love all beet everything and this was no exception. The flavor of the patty was certainly unique; it didn't replicate the flavor of a beef patty, but I don't think that was the intention here. I liked the subtle notes of sweetness from the beets, and the ground up walnuts did a good job in making the patty dense and moist. Using a toasty english muffin in lieu of a traditional burger bun was also very different, but I liked this change as well.  The cheese curds were delicious, deep fried goodness! I don't have much to compare it to, but it's hard to screw up cheese and fried stuff. Together with the house ranch, the curds are an artery clogging party--obviously the best kind.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area. Nice ambiance and great food!~beef tofu burgers fried chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~wfLRy0OOlDDSd7OvhQMJeA~If you watch Portlandia then you know what to expect here. It is casual upscale dining with a hipster feel. Nothing really stands out as amazing, but overall it is okay.   We tried the cheese curds and Mac-n-Cheese with brisket. Cheese curds with Hook Cheese can't be bad, but the sauce wasn't as tasty as we'd hoped. The Mac-n-Cheese continues to be a let down in Madison, but I'd say this is the best of them.   Service was good and attentive. Seemed to know the menu well. The kicker here is the cost. It's high enough to make it not a watering hole type location, but not dressy enough for a night out on the town.   People locally love the place. I think it's a solid choice on the square.~cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~VLFxhkL0MrgGkWsRqxzcXQ~Come during sunset. So romantic. The view is amazing. I have never been to Arizona before and this view is just everything I would have thought Arizona to look like. Red, Rocky Mountains, blush pink, orange and blue skies. The food was very good. Had the miso salmon. Service was on point too. Is kinda upscale here so definitely dress more than casual (cute dress and heels :) Ahhhh, the ambience!~miso salmon ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~sHT_P4-UtARObXIZSM0UEw~The midnight line-up of taxi cabs out front lends this place some credibility as a solid, late night indian place. As a 3AM munchies spot, King Palace certainly takes the cake as number one.  Don't let the 75-item menu board intimidate you. I'm not sure why they've decided to list every imaginable combination of rice, curry, meat and naan bread, but they have. You can just order rice plus a few proteins from their huge, colourful steam table. Cold steam table.  At King Palace, the food is kept at room-temperature on a defunct "steam" table and freshly microwaved to order. My chilli chicken, chicken paneer and lamb korma with plain rice was seasoned well. A great melding of spice, tart and sweet. But the nuke gave the food hot spots, cold spots and made the rice soggy. An unexpected side of naan bread was probably the best part, drizzled to the point of pooling with clarified butter; lesson learned, don't get rice next time.  If it's the middle of the night and you want more than poutine or a hot dog, and something more exciting than 24-hour breakfast, this is the place. If it's the middle of the day and you want good Indian, there's many better options.  A laggy YouTube stream of Indian music videos provides the ambience.~cake chicken chicken paneer lamb butter hot dog ~3 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~ocZexaHYrHbbYLfP_7o8yQ~Great place to have a tuna melt. It is very delicious and nutritious.  The Texas chili hits the spot every time.~tuna ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~A0b5K7gOhhQcVMXDUzxYDw~It's everything everyone says about it, and it's a shame it's taken this long for me to try it, but I'm glad I did. In fact, It's so good I'm making Graze my first review after a long stint on the disabled list with stomach problems -- a nightmare for a wannabe foodie like me.   The beer and drink lists are so vast, you could spend your entire 45-minute wait for a table just deciding what to have; I had an old fashioned well made enough to rival those of Graze's eponymous down-the-block neighbor.   The menu was less vast, but everything looked so good it took just as long to decide. A pretzel seems so simple, but makes for an incredible appetizer when surrounded by Graze's house made dipping sauces. For dinner, I went for the Graze burger; I've been dreaming about it nightly ever since.   Enjoy the view, the attractive crowd, the drinks, the apps, the everything. Don't wait as long as I did to come here. Just go.~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~dZZ3fmWiyODLFrcVWOXhrQ~Fancy place! With affordable prices!  Came for drinks and appetizers. Was very pleased. Clever cocktails and fun appetizers.  Their fried cheese curds have this fluffiness about them. Small clouds of happiness.   Their menu has some Korean persuasion which definitely intrigued me. Can't wait to come back for dinner one day and do another review!~appetizers appetizers cheese ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~wGAoQulO87QXK1WgcnCHsQ~Culinary perfection. I could stop there...  The Feng shui is evident from the entry walk.  The architecture feels like we are part of something important. The view is one on the best available in the Phoenix valley. The water served is crystal clear in delicate stemware. Let's talk food! OMG BOOM POW WOW!  I delighted in my omelet ranchero. I've never experienced better. Unlike anything I have ever experienced. The daughter revelled in what was called eggs benedict but was a ridiculous combination of salivary explosions.  The wife went for miso salmon salad. The fish was perfectly prepared and matched with greens and spice.  What a treat! If you have never, you must. If you have, repeat over and over.~eggs benedict miso salmon salad greens ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~3CjzuwhNbRBJZrOHRX4jqA~There's something about Graze. That is to say, both on the good and bad side.  L'Etoile's sister restaurant, Graze has a great pedigree and an identical commitment to local sourcing and top notch ingredients.  The menu is eclectic and there's something for everyone on it.  I'm not really buying its "gastropub" moniker. Graze is bright and sunny [floor to ceiling windows bright and sunny] like a farm cafe. Bar offerings seem peripheral rather than central to the experience, and I can't imagine going there after 10:30 pm or so. Both the Old Fashioned and Cooper's (right on Capital Square) and Natt Spil or Opus just off the square have cozier seating, more extensive drink menus, and zero pretension, making them far more appealing for a late night bite even if their food might not be on the same level as Graze (and I'd argue that Old Fashioned and Natt Spil both put out food that is on the same level or above what I've had at Graze).   I often come here for lunch, and find the service at once overbearing and slow-- quite a feat.  Example from today's meal: "How were your first bites?" followed by "Still liking your food?" five minutes later... "Do you need more iced tea?"  two minutes later... "Are you sure you don't want anything else?" while I have a mouthful of food, then disappearing for 20 minutes as I anxiously peer around, needing a check so I can make it back to my office in time for a meeting.  There are some things I really like on the menu.  Magic Coffee lives up to its name.  Their slightly upscale take on fried cheese curds--phenomenal.  The deep fried pickles are kitschy and yummy.  All of their salads, while quite light for the price, are very tasty.  And I think their ramen bowl, which is made with Wah Kee noodles and served with a spicy chili oil on the side so I can make it as spicy as I want, is one of the best soups in town.  But other things on the menu (falafel po'boy, I'm lookin' at you) are completely lackluster.  Or they are inconsistent in taste/portion (something I've noticed frequently here).  Nevertheless, there's just enough good to outweigh the not-so-bad, so I keep coming here, and I think that once they settle into a groove as a fairly new (less than a year) restaurant, Graze will prove to be a favorite.~tea coffee cheese fried pickles ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~bRDekV87JCI68n1gBWeFZg~The food is above average, but it is not especially innovative or creative.  They use quality ingredients in standard combinations for a tasty product.  The tuna tartare was a standout, I had a venison special that was merely good. The waiter couldn't answer a few questions about the food and went to check for me.  I generally expect a little more familiarity with the food at "upscale" places.   You are definitely being upcharged for the view and the setting - but for a special dinner, it is worth it, because the view and setting are pretty killer. Stop by the Jade bar before or after dinner - it is my fave place in AZ for drinks.~tuna ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Z2AyGukX1JLUtf1oVzRZvg~Excellent meal!  I had pork shoulder carnitas with an excellent wine.  They have some interesting cocktails too.. I think my friend had an agave margarita?  Also tried the watermelon salad which was delicious.  Price was just right and the service was very good. Make a reservation for a weekend evening, it tends to get pretty busy.  Very nice patio also!  I'll be back!~pork carnitas salad ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~8btUhYRgM-cJvR2j48Nhmg~AWESOME selection of beer!!!!.. Check it out....  In addition, I had the turkey burger with sweet potato fries and it was BOMB!!~burger sweet potato ~5 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~toECli0UUdyHGZeoa3S4Wg~Got an email for $6.99 lunch so I decided to head on out. I used to go here all the time when they had a location on central and camelback but this one is a bit more complicated to get to by bus... since it is on the wrong side of the freeway from metrocenter. Either way I found the place and started off with lots of different salad choices. The wonton happiness is my favorite. I also got some of thier lemon broccoli salad and Joan's broccoli madness plus some of thier tuna pasta salad. All was good and I paid for my meal and got a water cup. It was pretty busy and was seat yourself so I chose a booth where I could see the soup bar. After I finished the salad I tried some yummy potato soup and some lemon soup which was interesting. Lemon seemed to be in complete abundance from the broccoli to the pasta to the soup to the lemon muffins to at dinner they had a lemon lava cake. A little overboard in my opinion. But either way some of the best things I had that day were the broccoli madness, the potato soup, the cornbread muffins....with real corn inside, their delicious sugar free chocolate mousse, and a brownie sundae.~salad lemon broccoli salad broccoli tuna pasta salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RUWauWz3Yc7db7I8ec4l7w~We got into Phoenix about 815 and by the time we reached our hotel in Scottsdale it was nearly 10.  We were all hungry and would have went about anywhere.  Roaring Fork was across the street so we walked over.   When we came in, it was five after ten and the waitress said no more food--kitchen's closed.  We were disappointed.  Then the manager came over and said they would seat us.  YES!!  We had a lovely waitron, Katherine who took especially good care of us.  We had a nice bottle of wine and began with the field greens salad with goat cheese and pecans.  It was wonderful.  The only part I didn't like was the beets (there weren't many) but I don't like beets.     I had a swordfish special which was divine.  It was late when we were done so we skipped dessert.  Someone had the pizza, which I didn't care for too much.    We are only here for a few days but we may come back, this place was great.  Ask for Katherine as your waitron--she rocks!!~greens salad cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~f10dwXHcNHTazJDBe9FioQ~I'm glad I had a Deal Chicken deal because the food was just ehhh.   With my credit of $24 and a few extra dollars, I ordered a full rack of pork ribs which included two sides (I chose collared greens & sweet potato fries-- small upcharge that I was not informed of), 1/2lb of hot links and a few free dinner buns.   The ribs were fairly good (3 stars) albeit a bit dry-- I guess that's why they drown it in BBQ sauce. The hot links however were dissssgusting. (0 stars). Just thinking about it makes me want to puke. It was so soft, I quickly tossed out the serving that was on my plate and what was left in the container. They are what I imagine vienna sausages would taste like (but spicy, of course).   Collared greens & sweet potato fries were edible.. not cringeworthy (like the hot links), but not worth the calories/stomach space either.   Service was friendly & efficient.   Warning: be prepared to swat flies if you dine in. There were several on the day I was in... ick!~chicken pork ribs greens sweet potato ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~KsOd97IBQ0PZaDDaIliK4g~Stopped in Pittsburgh on our way to West Virginia and was craving sushi so we found this cute little spot and I have to say I'm so glad we did. The decor was ocean themed and the staff were very attentive and friendly. We ordered a sushi roll and in addition got the Mahi Mahi fish tacos and they were AMAZING. Would love to come back someday.~sushi sushi tacos ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~CzFfZdd9CUqHhQmM5PGt4g~Have been to Madison only twice, but this my go - to. Farm to table deliciousness, an amazing cheese selection, knowledgeable and attentive wait staff, and great cocktails. Have sat at the bar and also at a table. It's open with huge windows and great views. They will have waits for busy times, but will text you when your table is ready so you can go for a walk, enjoy the farmers market, or grab a beer someplace else. Last night we had a cheese plate selected by our waitress, marinated beets, and Mac and Cheese. Last time we had their cheese curds and breakfast fair.~cheese cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6NxBX_NtADEMLLdEQqIRYQ~Started off with the pork buns... kim chee was really overpowering with a big pile of cilantro in one spot.  wasn't organized well because each bite either only had kim chee or pork.  Pork and sauce were both good though.  Secondly I ordered the Pub Burger.  I ordered it medium rare and got it medium well.  I asked for it with no mustard, but the waitress insisted that it was ok because the condiments all come on the side.  Little did I know that the condiments were all sort of mixed together so I had a hard time getting the ketchup/mayo without the mustard.  Bacon tasted very old.  On the side were the fries and aoli.  The aoli was tastless... sort of like mayonnaise. Fries were very over salted and also tasted stale.  I work in a restaurant so I know what stale fries taste like...  Service was very slow...  ...not planning on returning for a very long time~pork cilantro pork pork burger bacon fries fries fries ~2 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~VNXfiVQBN-YsMNrQvwArPg~I'm not sure what anything there tastes like except the pub burger ... and I dont think I ever will because its THAT GOOD why would you want to try anything else?   I love the atmosphere ... very old school pub like ... good beer, festive patrons, and the best burger you will ever bite into! !!~burger burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4jYtdOKK5RXbBDLj994qAg~I went to roaring fork for a Sunday night happy hour with my husband and had a great time.  I had a glass of wine $5 and my husband had a mojito $5.  We spilt the happy hour cheese burger and guacamole, both were yummy, but we regretted not ordering the happy hour rotisserie chicken. It looked delicious and was a nice sized portion! I'm definitely going to go back and give it a try.  You have to sit at the bar to get the happy hour prices, but the ambiance there is just as nice as sitting in the main portion of the restaurant and the service was still very attentive.~cheese burger chicken ~5 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~3heS9bd4hNlZqDF6qX8MSQ~I went there when the truck was parked on de Bluery and St.Catherine for the Just For Laughs Festival.   I ordered the special of the day which was a roast chicken and bacon grilled cheese and I got a side of tator tots. It took almost 15 mins before the guy at the window came to tell me there was something wrong with their fryer and was unable to make the tator tots. I substituted with the gazpacho which really was okay.   You`d imagine that there would be better communication with the staff for such a small truck, I would have thought the guy that took my order knew there was an issue with the fryer. Maybe not. I waited more than 20 mins for my order. That`s a bit much for a grilled cheese and cold soup. It wasn`t busy, at the time it was only myself and a friend who had ordered.   I found they were extremely over priced for what serve. I think it was like $11. We`re talking grilled cheese. It was actually pretty good, my mother makes it better.   I did reach out to them on Twitter to see what time they closed at and they responded within mins. I`ll give them that! I wouldn`t go back but I hope others have a better experience.~chicken bacon cheese gazpacho cheese soup cheese ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~4UGI7-OKuXnGVeNk4U9BhQ~Got a family meal deal for home consumption.  Two slabs of ribs had plenty of meat on them (not baby back, but pork), came chopped up.  Two adults and 2 kids, despite gorging ourselves, only ate about 75%.  Their sauce is frankly exceptional.  But the sides... well... sucked.  The corn was watery (they must soak in hot water for a day or two).  The potato salad, while having the skin of red potatos and being pretty decent, had a strong dill taste that I liked but I couldn't get kids or wife to enjoy.  The rolls aren't good... but most aren't at these kinds of places.  What pissed me off the most was that they forgot one of the sides... mac and cheese.  Anyway, here's what i got out of the deal.. I will come back for the ribs.  And WILL absolutely come back for the sauce.  In fact, I may just come get a tub of sauce and BBQ my own ribs if I'm not feeling particularly lazy.    Meat = Good Sides = Bad Sauce = Exceptional (5 Stars)  Enjoy!~ribs pork corn potato salad ~3 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~YkSv6UcQOGXgH90UDC0c_A~I became very fond of frozen yogurt. This location usually have the best ingredients and they have more choices to choose from. My only complaint is from my last visit. The fruit looked sickly and the young guy that was working didn't greet customers at all and when you walked up to the register he didn't say hi. When we left he didn't say anything he just left and stayed in the back room. No customer service at all. Shy or not you have to be friendly when working with the public.~frozen yogurt ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~mLMHz9vpAMdIJIafd6S2BA~This buffet wasn't as tasty as I remembered. We went for the brunch buffet, about $35/head. Comes with basic drinks & super-awesome thermos pitcher that keeps the coffee steaming hot. The environment was very upscale & whimsical, like the rest of the casino. Selection was incredible. A lot of the food looked good, but didn't taste that great.  We started out with some seafood. DH did not recommend the oysters. "Didn't taste fresh," he said. The dim sum was really mediocre. Avoid like the plague if you've had real dim sum. Also, don't get anything fried that has been sitting under a heat lamp. Fish & chips hard & dehydrated. Yuck.  The highlight was the prime rib. It was moist & juicy, so nice with the au jus. "It was the best value of the buffet," said DH. The cocktail shrimp were okay, but the house-made sauce was awesome.  We tried a lot of the desserts and some had weird foam-like over whipped cream. Not too appealing. The lava cake was pretty good. Their ice cream was okay, but not as dense as the super premium stuff.  The guy who was our waiter was super attentive. If you don't leave a coat on your chair, they have no way to tell whether you're leaving for good. Be sure to leave a tip on the table for these hard working folks!~coffee chips shrimp desserts cake ice cream ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~h9_ykP1BKwT5SZbMYFmGrA~4.5  there is a SLIGHT reason why i give this place a 4.5... it would have easily been a 5 had the trout i had ordered had a side of rice or veggies on the side. you wouldn't believe HOW BIG the fish was...  anyways...  prior to roaring fork, i went online and decided to scope out the menu and noticed that there were 3 other restaurants by the same owner. so i called and asked what the main difference was... the other 2 places focused primarily on meat/seafood while roaring fork had both. why not enjoy the variety?  we started off with an upbeat, easygoing server. very easy to please with lots of suggestions.... we ended up ordering a side of GREEN CHILI MAC AND CHEESE and my gosh,that mac and cheese blew me away. soo soo damn GOOD.. i would have easily ordered it as an entree and took it to go had they had it on their menu....for $7, that was  no goner! :P  he ordered the $23 some INFAMOUS "DR PEPPER" BABY BACK RIBS.. with fries on the side... the fries on the side kinda killed it, but who is it say that it is not an american place to be...  good choice... it was def a nice size... i may be a meat eater but when one orders meat, i tend to go the other way and order fish.... never tried a "RAINBOW trout" so i figured that i should be adventurous. for $19, which is a steal, was OH SOO GOOD but that is where my experience went wrong. had they had a side of grilled veggies or rice, it would have been a 5 star experience. EASILY! it was too salty that i left a few bites in between and took it home... it was sauteed with roasted almonds and you wouldn't believe how tasty it was!!!   anyhoo, the portions were quite generous and im definitely stoked that i came here for dinner and oh, not to mention, kudos to playin the USC game!! and yes, the trojans did win! :)  RF also has happy hours and if i was a local, i would totally hit this place up... for the young ins, the crowd is quite ... hmm, what's the word? more of an older crowd, from mid 40s and up, and business casual attire is quite appropriate... but don't let that ruin your experience here...  valet parking is comp and nonetheless, because this place is located in a businessy district, parking is not a problem...  in fact, it felt like irvine, for those who are familiar with so cal.  if the trout had the sides i wanted, i would be a happy camper... i still am, but i didnt really get to enjoy my food.. :( maybe next time RF will hook me up? blah... my next visit to AZ perhaps? atmosphere/service great.. thanks RF!~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~eUh0TxuuZZztg30Il-3M0w~The Buffet at The Wynn is without a doubt the very best buffet I have ever eaten at. At $40 per person for dinner, it's somewhat pricy, but worth every dollar.  I dislike buffets because they tend to have crappier than average food, very little variety, and not a lot of things you really want. Inevitably, you pick a few things you like, most of which don't taste as good as they look, and maybe go back for seconds or thirds because you feel like you must get your money's worth.  HOWEVER, The Buffet has everything you could ask for and the food tastes positively gourmet quality as though (and probably) prepared by a master chef.  Just a few dinner highlights to mention: crab legs, prime rib, sushi of all kinds, pumpkin ravioli, gnocchi in brown butter sauce, chicken curry, scallops, pizzas with every topping you can imagine, beef brisket, Chinese dumplings, etc.  For dessert: creme brle, hot brownies, strawberry shortcake, mousse, assorted tarts, cookies, cheesecake, tiramisu, a crepe and waffle station, and tons of ice cream. Don't worry, there's lots more! Some of the cakes are topped with glittery sugar too, and you'll be mesmerized.  The waiters are also insanely attentive but not obtrusive. You'll never have to worry about a refill on your soda, wine, or coffee. Empty plates are taken away promptly.  If you have but one buffet to choose from in Vegas, this is certainly the one you want.~sushi pumpkin gnocchi brown butter chicken curry beef brisket cookies waffle ice cream coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~R-mPxwHUXjc2AvscChquVg~I absolutely love Roaring Fork.  It's Happy Hour is phenomenal, and I've actually never not eaten in the bar for this reason.  Also, it keeps the visit a bit cheaper, but this is no compromise.  The drinks are reasonably priced, the food, truly fantastic too.  I like to come here with a moderate sized group so that we can try to sample as many of the entrees as possible.    Some of my favorite Happy Hour Menu items are as follows...The Mixed Market Greens salad, Big-Ass Burger, Kettle of Green Chili Pork, the Fish Tacos, and the Chicken and Pepper-Jack Flatbread pizza is beyond wonderful.  You are still able to order dinner menu items from the bar as well, which is nice.  Roaring Fork has a mountain lodge kind of feel and decor, it's relaxed, but usually quite busy.  The bar is first-come-first-serve, so be prepared to stake out for a table.  A great place to start off an evening in Scottsdale.~greens salad burger pork tacos chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~eJz-8GMJd89IqVz46eXhxg~Great food quality, efficient service, and huge variety rate five stars here. Clearly something for everyone: sushi, stir fry, pastas; seafood; fish; lamb, foul, beef, veg. Loved the salads, cheese assortment, and desserts including scoops of ice cream and homemade sorbets. Juices and coffee are included as well. What's not to like!~sushi lamb beef salads cheese desserts ice cream coffee ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~OLloG0ld8IK-GAszpis3NA~We were in Scottsdale and starving.... looked on Yelp for something yummy...   RF is located in an office park where Chapperal and Scottsdale cross.   We arrived around 6 PM on a Sunday evening.... they were having Happy hour until 10 PM in the Bar Area!  YEAH!  The only problem was finding our own seat among all of the other hawkers trying to get the next available table... the wait staff and hostesses do not seat people in the bar area it is fend for yourself!   We got a table after about a 15 min wait--- but I hated that 15 min because I felt like a stalker!  Anyway...the food was great!   My fiance and i shared the Big A** Burger and the Green Chili... I also had the huckleberry margarita... we also shared the Huckleberry Bread Pudding for dessert... everything was yum-o!  We also enjoyed conversations with some older couple who sat next to us and shared all of their fav happy hour places!   Our server was also great:)    We will try it again in the future for sure!~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Un-Aq2WfhacpgZF_H3I-ig~Came in here for lunch and was not at all disappointed. They tick all the "locally sourced, farm to table" boxes which makes this bay area food snob happy. ;)   Very nice space with a walls of windows overlooking the capitol. I had the Bibimbap with pork -- it was quite tasty; good balance of flavors and nicely spicy. Washed it down with a pint of Fat Squirrel and it all adds up to a worthwhile excursion!~pork ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Lj2cX5zyWvhcVe4vH4sYRA~Their cheese curds and view of the Capitol are reasons enough to go! I don't think I've ever had as flavorful cheese curds and I've ate many a curd. Their menu has something for every taste and budget and their staff was attentive and fun! I will definitely go back for more cheese curds and the view!~cheese cheese cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_tPMO0P_wmP9ZHLnuzFVDA~The service was very spotty. Maybe this was because we were seated in the waaay back. We ordered the flatbread appetizer and it was both the least appetizing looking and tasting thing I've ordered from a restaurant in a long while. DO NOT ORDER THIS!!  As for the entree, I got the big ass burger. Big? Yes. Have any  taste? No.   I even saw another Roaring Fork all the way in Austin, TX when I visited a few weeks later and I avoided it at all costs.~burger ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~O7FBWPr25iCGh6XAcrfppA~First time here.  I'll give credit where it's due, they have apparently been reading the reviews because the staff made an extra effort to be friendly and courteous.   I had 2 bbq beef sandwiches because they were out of the pulled pork.  While eating my sandwiches I had the thought there should be laws enacted to constitute what restaurants can call bbq.  Boiled meat covered in BBQ sauce is NOT BBQ.   I grew up in the South, I've been to Memphis in May a couple of times, so my standards for BBQ are admittedly higher than average, but this was not even close to real BBQ.  Was it decent food.  Sure.  Decent, at best.  Was it the reason I got an upset stomach a couple hours later, possibly.   I don't care about the old decor, dirty looking bathrooms or anything else, if the food was good I would go back.  It wasn't.~beef sandwiches pulled pork ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~_C-VEKRQLvfz7O2Ti40wnw~This place has really delicious BBQ. I would have given it a 5 if the chicken wasn't a little dry and the interior of the facility was a little neater and cleaner. I'm not saying it was dirty, it's just the trashy sign on the fountain drink saying not to put stuff in the drain. I also didn't like the "real" trash can being turned around so there's no access to the door and a large "kitchen" grey trash can sitting right beside it. All in all a good visit, but not a 5.~chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~BFTXQPb11OBUoqIIZ1GpKQ~Good drinks and a great atmosphere. I had the calamari appetizer and it was lightly breaded and not over cooked. The basil marinara went really well with it! The lobster roll is delicious too! Not overly dressed.~lobster roll ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~xIExQSHJQjZnHp4pzPWC4w~Really nice place in the Strip district in Pittsburgh. Had a very flavorful lunch there. My wife had the biggest fried cod sandwich either of ever seen, and she loved it ! I had a fried salmon sandwich which was very good as well. Good service, decent prices. Next time in Pittsburgh we will definitely stop there again !~sandwich salmon sandwich ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~1kAtZXfDkRHRTTcUpT046A~I really enjoy coming here  after walking  around  the  mall and having a beer and a bison  burger this place is really  done right good food and the beer is really  good, The ale is better  than pretty much all beer place's  around here.~burger ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~H4_cHnFMzOeDvrmBuH7T_w~I usually stop by here before I go to Suns/D-Backs games with my dad because I really enjoy eating BBQ, though I admit the food isn't outstanding.  I've tried both the pork and beef BBQ sandwhiches; they're both REALLY bland without the sauce. I eat a lot and I just like how they have large portions.  Some people might be turned off by the cleanliness of the restaurant, which can be best described as dingy.~pork beef ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~I_9fDIyRZrB9ZnrRIVacyA~Awesome food! Possibly the best restaurant fare I have ever eaten of any cuisine. Had the mixed market greens salad, rack of lamb, grits, mashed potatoes, green chili macaroni and cheese, and boysenberry bread pudding for dessert. The tastes of all were just intense and pleasing. Place has an upscale feel to it, but the food is down-to-earth and high-quality. Wished I lived in Phoenix for a go-back real soon.  Will have to wait until my next trip up. Will probably have to make sure I have reservations, though. Very popular place, it appears.~greens salad lamb grits macaroni and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~KSqOmcd-3GbwBuK7npw1rw~Brunch on Sunday after New Years was perfection!  First, the setting is magnificent with splendid table settings, modern design and superb views.  We were warmly welcomed and given a view table.  Excellent Spanish sparkling wine promptly served while awaiting friends.  Fresh squeezed OJ brought in beaker to make our own mimosas.  Bloody Mary's can be ordered at a hefty charge, but not needed when bubbly is included.  Buffet is modest compared to some, but here quality wins out with nicely displayed salads, fruits, cheeses, cold meats, fantastic smoked salmon, cold shrimp, crab and bagels, breads, etc.  Huge omelets are included and made to order.  Do not miss the buffet of small desserts--all outstanding in appearance and taste.  The pecan pie miniature was my favorite.  Superb service with silver and plates changed as required without asking.  Will not wait for New Years to return.~salads cheeses smoked salmon ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~RHkfNIMxJYZNCc7O5HLcbw~If anyone needs to know. I get excited over food! The Buffet at the Wynn is awesome compared to it's competitors on The Strip! I love the atmosphere and decor.  It looks very new and clean!  I came here without any expectations and came out pleasantly surprised at their buffet.  They have sooooo many options in terms of food (regular breakfast stuff, salmon, omelet station. It's not just American breakfast food!).  Can't believe they had pork buns, congee and cruellers for breakfast along with all the wonderful desserts (and fruits to balance your diet).  They are fresh unlike the Flamingos, where they're all dried up and overcooked.  The garden theme makes it calming to dine.  The price is very fair for the amount of variety and fresh food they have here.  It came out to ~ 30 including 20 tip Highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good buffet The Bellagio one isn t as good as this one but much better than the Flamingos The waiter was nice and attentive ~salmon, pork desserts ( 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~1X6lnQQJ5px8QT1Hg7V9RQ~I have to eat at Graze every time I come to Madison for work. The cheese curds are the best I've ever had, the cocktails are amazing, and the mac and cheese is creamy and delicious. The veggie version of the bibimbap is also great. Awesome view of the capital. There's usually a wait, so plan to have a cocktail at the bar.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~a5rHRqRXS7eWf1A62xcGWw~Came here Saturday for lunch at about 11:30 to find Honey Bear's BBQ nearly empty, but a friendly counter help ready to take our order. We had a brisket sandwich and sliders with sides of 'Cowbro Beans' and potato salad. The brisket and pork was really good and tender, but the chicken was dry and nothing special about the bread. I loved the pork and beans which had a unique sweet sauce that I've never tasted anything like before.  The potato salad was chunky and was good as any homemade.~honey sandwich potato salad ~3 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~pd7DVfvJd1qzLdDHQjzDrw~Tyree was the first person to greet us and he was VERY good at his job! It was my first time at Jasons Deli and he explained in detail what everything was like. I had t he chicken pot pie soup. By far thee best I've ever had, however it could have had more chicken it. It came with a pastry puff on top that was made to perfection. It was a little piece of heaven. My bf had a duffernt sandwhich th e carolina special it was very good and i had thr santa fe chicken sandwhich. Great guacomole and i got it on foccia bread. To die for! THE BREAD was amazing and thr bacon the 1000 island. Highly recommended. The salad bar had hummus even! Good hummus too! It had so many things you usually want but don't get to see at a normal salad bar. It has complimentary muffins snd a variety of organic crackers, pumpkin cheese jalapeo wafers, etc. The environment was fun and calm and nice for a little day date. This location however, EVERY employee I spoke to was more than willing to help me and go out of their way to make sure I was haply. I'm easy yo please but they were so sweet. Love this place!!~chicken pie soup chicken chicken bacon salad salad pumpkin cheese date ~5 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~lbCHeg6EeYh-O-tSr0plWQ~Big Burrito is a well respected restaurant group, but this location damages it's reputation tremendously. The food is less than acceptable, the draft beer is warm, flat, and the overflow makes for a sticky drinking hand because no bar nap is supplied. This place would provide great material for the writers at SNL.~burrito ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8IfLXyp8jYbrfl8g7QXpJQ~outstanding....excellent food, cocktails, service, prices, and location.  everything our party ordered was delicious: pickle plate, popcorn, fried cheese, bim bim bop, lamb sausage, chicken and waffles, bone marrow, and even the uber expensive graze burger was yummy. so well seasoned and juicy.  yum.  they even have a drink that tastes like an orange creamsicle...heave.~popcorn cheese lamb sausage chicken and waffles burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~xXIdkmJV1HqeqJr6cv0AJA~This is a beautiful place to have breakfast, lunch, or afteroon tea.  We sit under the skylight surrounded by floral bouquets.  The food is beautifully presented and the ambiance is conducive to private conversation.  The service was prompt and accommodating.  Unlike other buffet with a time limit, we didn't feel rushed.  We will be back.~tea ~4 
La Ligne Rouge~onion rings-fried chicken~b79vNCs3ipAjTuHi6bTnXg~The Mullets!!! The old decor, threw me off the 1st time i stepped  into the place. But the food was good enough for me to loose focus of my surroundings. They close late which is a bonus! Staff was very friendly! The poutine was amazing, it was so much food and it hit the spot instantly! As for the chicken souvlaki humm, a bit soggy and bland. Ill try a doner next time. This place is convenient if you live in the villeray/ jean talon area and its affordable! I wouldn't sit down and eat there but that the clean freak in me , but I suggest you take it to go! The poutines are definitely worth going for!~chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sFA9CuvgPNkGpUR-dZZJbw~Loved this place during a visit to see friends in Madison.  Very organic and farm to table concept.  I had the Bibimbap, which had a ton of vegetables, pork, and a really nice spicy sauce.  It was a great portion.  My wife had the Beet & Walnut Burger.  She just couldn't get over how awesome it was.  We were in Madison 4 days and only went to Graze once.  Next time, I will go every day!  It was that good.~pork beet burger ~5 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~1wynTAjURkRUDFBjJuLQGg~I was excited that a new place opened up so close to my condo- I can walk there! I had the grilled veggie salad with chicken. The chicken was delicious- moist and slow cooked. The amount of food was much more than I would have expected as the prices are low. My husband had the pizza and loved it!~salad chicken chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~5T2hffN81UYdOx_Mbh0DtA~As upper crust, trendy food venues go, I'm not usually a fan.  But the Fork is a great place.  One of the few to pull this genera off and do it right!  I'll be adding them to my "Best Burger" list.  As you would also expect, in addition to great food, the place is very clean, service is fantastic, and they do an outstanding job with beverages.  The bartender knows her stuff here!~burger ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~By3zwCnjInaokV-4E8rrEQ~I love Jason's deli I just wish they had more around town it's hard to find a good salad bar.~salad ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~DN7RBFIUwkuCNc5Bc_pQ-A~Such a cool place! Stopped in for lunch and had a wonderful experience. Even got a free appetizer for checking in! Split an order of delicious calamari followed by a lobster roll. The roll was messy but worth it. Would definitely return and recommend to friends.~lobster roll ~4 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~185gCvnmGVzk3h4zFSZMfA~Ok, I'm going to start off by saying that I'm not a big sweets fan in general, so maybe that's what came between me and liking Prairie Girl.  I've had quite a few of their cupcakes, and they've grossed me out every single time. These little cakes are seriously 50% cake, 50% icing. Their chocolate one is ok, and they make a peanut butter cupcake that's actually pretty delicious, but I would have to say their vanilla is downright nasty. The cupcake has an almost sponge-cake-like consistency, and the mountain of saccharine icing does not help the situation. I always feel dumb paying $4-ish dollars for a cupcake, only to throw away half of it when I invariably end up scraping off the icing.   I don't understand why there's always a line when I pass this place.~cupcakes cake peanut butter ~2 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~FaEATfi-TUYVo_xe4d-fjQ~It's great!! Have the mini cupcakes , they're the perfect size and the icing to cake ratio is still reasonable. It's when the cupcake is bigger that it gets a bit out of hand.   The staff is fabulous, and is always so nice and enthusiastic! They are of great help when it comes to choosing the different flavors, and is fast and efficient.  Good place to go if you have a sweet tooth!~cupcakes cake ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~lNKvkVQ5nAZDJNRPnqlP0w~Great food, great wine, great service, and the celebrity chef is entertaining as hell.   If you have ever been to a restaurant where the food is made with care- and each dish balanced to the palate so that you can have the full experience of taste in your mouth -then you know what this restaurant will serve you. The food is thoughtful, modern, well balanced.   We were at a wine dinner for Red Stitch - an exclusive winery that crafts wines for those who have great taste- and that Chef Beau was able to get them to Elements is a credit to his sway as a chef. Their wines- if you can get them (and they have them at Elements) are amazing.  Scallops- perfectly seared and cooked, combined with a freisse salad with a bit of mustard provides a perfect balance of the richness.   Dishes I would never eat other places, I would eat here - scallops, fillet - simply because those are foods many restaurants do ok, but here the bar is much higher.   The view- my wife and I love it.   If you want to impress a business associate, client, wife, girlfriend, boyfriend- if you want an amazing  meal - with a view, and a world-class chef -- this is the place.~salad ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~jT6_7s2U7XvYNdTAYIytSg~My wife and I were exploring this area last month and Elements was recommended as one of the better Sunday Brunches in the area. To begin with, the view overlooking Paradise Valley is gorgeous and makes for a delightful ambiance. The service was very good as well. The menu selection was solid with several interesting choices but when they actually came out... they were very good. But not outstanding. The preparation was fine and the presentation was excellent. The flavors were just ordinary. In an age where we have access to and it's considered acceptable to use an amazing variety of spices and herbs, the dishes we had were more or less what you could have gotten a hundred years ago (well, plus some avocado). They were very well done by these standards, but there just wasn't much creativity going on. I'd call them vanilla, but I don't think they used any of that either. It's still a very good place and there is a lot to recommend about it, but it's still a few flavors short of five stars - at least for Sunday Brunch (we didn't have a chance to try dinner).~avocado ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~mWEz9UgjGK58NDiZHkdzyA~This is absolutely my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! I have been to their lunch buffet twice and I loved it!  The restaurant is grand and very beautiful. The food are displayed delicately and even for lunch there is a wide range of vareity! All of the food was very delicious!  Usually in buffets, by the time I get to dessert, I am already super full. By for Wynn, I always save some room in my stomach for their dessert! I like their idea of putting dessert into small slices, into small cups, or into small plastic shot glasses. You get to try out so many different types of dessert because of the size! They even have freshly scooped ice cream for you!  My absolute favorite is the dessert with the mini plastic coffee cups in colors of green and orange. For some reason I forgot what the name of the dessert was at the moment, but every time I went there I always get two cups of that dessert!~ice cream coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~1_Kvv2AzweX9qsZ_C9Wjhg~A friend and I stopped for brunch here on 10/4.  I should have done my research to learn that they only do a limited brunch menu all day as opposed to their full menu on Saturday.  I was really looking forward to trying some of the items off the regular menu so I'll save that for another day.  I had a bloody mary that was good.  Very different flavor than what I'm used to, and I really enjoyed it.    I had the Burger.  It was ok.  Not bad, not the best I've ever had.  I would eat it again, but when I go back I plan to try some items from the full menu instead.  Service was fine.  They were busy, but we were seated right away.  Server was nice and stayed on top of things.  All in all, I would go back, nothing turned me off.  And the setting with the windows looking out towards the capital is fantastic.  I look forward to going again sometime!~burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PiZB9FHzywtvXwJDFD8TpA~Go for the happy hour, enjoy the drink specials ($5 martinis among others. Yay!) and order the Big Ass Burger, but before you do remember these points:  It's open seating during happy hour (which runs 4-7). There were people sitting and standing around showing various states of impatience when we arrived. We walked around through the bar and front patio (the only areas open for happy hour) searching for an open table. Finally, a very nice manager caught up with me and offered a booth in the dining area with the caveat that we'd need to finish up or move to the bar by about 6:45, before a dinner reservation came in. We jumped at the offer, likely pissing off some others who had been waiting as well, and probably longer . No complaints in the way it was handled, but be aware that it's popular happy hour with open seating and when you arrive for a table you are basically on your own.  Second, it's an older crowd.  They look more like Scottsdale golf course residents than workers from the surrounding buildings. No problem there, either. Just a reminder that the line between "happy hour" and "early bird special" continues to fade.  Third, it was busy so service was a bit slow, though not unpleasant at all.   I guess the message for y'all: This place gets busy during happy hour. :-)~burger ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~umGkOtxmkA2g3K1fw-B7dA~I ate here for the second time, it's good.  It's in a warehouse and has an urban psychedelic interior,  bar, outdoor seating and balcony.  The have a large varied menu with fresh seafood. If seafood is your thing try this place.  I tried the Captain Crunch Sushi Roll, good and spicy..  Then I tried the Steel City Lobster Roll. I got three words... DE- LI- CIOUS  It's a lobster roll with chunks of lobster, garlic buttered roll, ladled with lobster bisque and herbs! Comes with fries!~sushi lobster roll lobster roll garlic fries ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~KIlOFk9JJ1HMPsRVeA_3hQ~I came here for lunch because the last time I was here I was very happy.   I ordered a Cesar salad with extra chicken and no bread or croutons.  I really couldn't tell if there was extra chicken or if it was the normal portion. Also the salad was loaded with croutons. I really hate picking stuff out of my food but this is what I had to do today.    Unfortunately I can't give a better rating because I didn't get what I ordered and I wasn't really happy how the salad tasted as well. Such a shame since my last time here I was so happy.~salad chicken chicken salad salad ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~p80oeWJBMGNIIJXCxSfBdQ~We were told about this resturant by many of our friends.  We decided while running some errands downtown to stop in and give it a try.  The place was closed last time for some remodeling.  The place was bright, vibrant, and very clean.  It was definitely a modern style, fancy style place.  A little uppity I think for just normal folks wanting to stop in here.  Awesome views of the Capital and views of the hustle and bustle of downtown life.  That is the reason for the 3 stars. The menu was very small.  I almost thought when we sat down that we were given a lunch menu. Or specials of the day menu.  However, it was thier full dinner menu.  Not many things to choose from.  I understand what they do they do fresh and homemade.  But damn there was nothing to choose from.  They had a bigger beer selection than food.  We had the pretzel which was light and soft served with several mustards.  It was ok.  We had the vodka cheese curds which were uniquely pleasant.  We enjoyed those being they had a different twist  with.the vodka flavored batter to them paired with a homemade Ranch dipping sauce.  Last we shared the Mac-N-cheese.  Not our favorite, but again homemade with a twist of the cheese they used.  We thought it was dry and the noodles were a little undercooked.  Small portion!   We saw lots of good reviews of this place.  We decided that it was worth the stop, but not a place that we would have to go back too.  Service was very friendly and at tentative.  No complaints on that end of it.  We came we saw.  Alot of competition around thier location that also serves fresh food, cheaper prices, good cold beers, but much more menu items to choose from.~cheese cheese cheese ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~eehtwd-uF_glHq6AERUIdw~They served my girlfriend mussels that hadn't been cleaned. They were sandy and still had their beards attached. There were also plenty off closed and cracked shells. It tasted looked a lot like he first time I bought mussels at a supermarket and cooked them for myself; NOT as you would expect at a seafood restaurant.   I got tuna, which was better but still not great. I also ordered a Bloody Mary, which took 15+ minutes to arrive. The drink was good but had far too many garnishes.   I won't be returning. I don't understand where this place's good reviews come from....~tuna ~2 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~IhRG5-xKBtemyKae2YsAYQ~This is one of my new favorite places. A cool renovated 1940's house. Plenty of parking. Did you catch that? There's plenty of parking. Well, I suppose the lot could fill up, but I've been there 3 times, each on a separate Saturday night and found a spot in the lot each time. Yipee.  K used to work at St. Joes Hospital, just up Central. So some of her old coworkers come here to hang. We were invited the first time and loved it so much we came back twice on our own. 3 separate times, 3 separate experiences, all amazing.  On one occasion our server was Ronnie. We couldn't have asked for anyone nicer. Attentive when needed but not in our face all the time. Paced the evening just right. On this particular night, K and I just had drinks. A couple of glasses of wine each while we visited with our friends.   We'll be back. The friendly staff, awesome atmosphere, and amazing patio would be enough but add the good food and drinks and its winner winner chicken dinner for sure. Great Vibe, Great staff, Great Food, Fair prices. Parking. 5 Stars.~chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~BDMIWURdtzdQo9P8F8XxEg~We are generally big fans of all Tori, Traci  & crew's ventures. We stopped by for dinner on Saturday night of opening weekend and enjoyed our meal at the bar.   We tried several drinks and really liked what we had including the Rhum Fire and Seasonal Punch.  For dinner we had shared the beet salad, mac & cheese with pulled pork and the croque madame sandwich and all were very good - but I think the croque madame stole the show... And we split a piece of the banana cream pie for dessert .  Another person at the bar shared a sample his fried cheese curds with us and they were exactly what you'd expect fried (local) cheese curds from the L'Etoile crew to be - heavenly.  The space is lovely, light and modern without being pretentious. It's amazing they pulled it all together (seemingly) so fast!  The only issues we noticed were (1) the menu layout was a bit hard to follow; (2) there seemed to be a sunshade (or two) missing from the side windows (but it appeared they were well-aware of this problem); and (3) no purse hooks under the bar (while not a necessity, certainly an added bonus).   We plan to be back, hopefully often!~beet salad cheese pulled pork ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~0jHcsgeqoC0U6Z9wWI3qFA~Eclectic menu, great view, friendly service, and accommodating; what a great find!   The fried cheese curds are amazing as everybody says they are. The burgers tasted great! I had the pork buns which had amazing flavor and texture!  Our server was pleasant and the entire staff was welcoming. Everyone seemed to be helping one another! We felt special and taken care of, which allowed us to focus on our conversations and enjoy ourselves!  A must stop!~cheese burgers pork ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~vdHnEtOVT6uqF3xEAgMZAQ~Let me tell you friends, I've been on a MASSIVE seafood kick lately!  It's not just sushi though, it's everything and I want it well prepared and cooked to perfection.  So you walk into a place with the name "Wholey" and you expect it to "wow" you.  And you know what?  It did!  I was surprised to see the less than stellar reviews at first, but I had faith it was just the new restaurant jitters.  We came in on a random Tuesday night around 8pm and was surprised to see about 6 other tables full with diners.  Surprising to see in the Strip, but exciting, if you ask me!    It's an absolutely gorgeous space.  Nothing you would expect from the Strip at this point and time.  It actually used to be a club, so there's many different levels.  I love the sea of blues and mosaic tiles.  The tables are large, so it's great for big parties.    We started out with the Sashimi appetizer and it was so cold and fresh.  I loved the tiny mandarin oranges and crisp lettuce surrounding it.  We devoured it within 3 seconds of it hitting the table.  Good start!  The tomato salad will probably only be on the menu for a short time, considering the season for them ends soon, but it's worth having when you can.  You can easily throw together some tomatoes and splash on some balsamic.  This had a very well done pesto sauce and pine nuts.  I would have never thought of the combo together, but I loved it!    I ordered the Scallops and Shrimp, which came with a hearty helping of jasmine rice and grilled bok choy.  Both the Scallops and Shrimp were seared to perfection and the scallops, which I find hard to season well, had a great flavor and were large in size.  I loved the creamy garlic sauce drizzled on top.  It was as if every element of the dish came together in harmony!     While seafood can be expensive, and this was no exception for a $24 meal, I had no qualms about paying my bill for the amount of flavor that was packed into each dish.  Fresh is the word here and you won't have to reel me in... I'm coming on my own!~sushi oranges lettuce tomato salad shrimp jasmine shrimp garlic ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VB6PCYiMoMW5N6SexRe2RQ~My uncle (who is old school Arizona) recommended last year. Loved their selection and preparation of a diverse menu. The big ass Burger is still perfectly prepared,  as well as it was a year ago. We tried other the grilled shrimp and grits, grilled half chicken, green chili bowl, and well, all of their happy hour selections. Their HH drink menu hits the spot with well prepared cocktails (perfect martinis and margaritas ) with a balancedbalanced wine and beer list. Thank you Roaring Fork, for not letting us down. Great service,  food and drink, thank you Uncle Bob for this gift!!~burger shrimp grits chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~BKjlwdS7qrwvlylEeXV5MQ~ambiance is great.  Beer and drinks are fabulous.  But the food was just OK for us.  I had the Bibmibap and it just didn't make an impression.  My husband had the regular burger, and he thought it was good.  Of course we will return, but in hopes that our meal will leave a better impression.~burger ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~W2DYEB0lYq4UTcG5nYdW8w~Another place where 0 stars would be appropriate. Came in at about 12:30 with a medium  size group (8 people maybe?). We placed the other, it took them more than 25 min to bring it out (and that would be fine). A few of us got the eggplant sandwich, which turns out is pre-made (seriously? the food carts out there manage to make sandwiches on the spot!). The bread was so soggy I had to leave it (which for anyone who knows me, this is very rare). The fries were cold and greasy. I would have gotten better food at a gas station (and I would have not paid 12 bucks for it). Horrible, horrible. And the tip was included in the bill, so I could not even express my dissatisfaction.~sandwich sandwiches fries ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~F-rsDADl_U4ylrtKUiTi3A~This buffet was just ok for me.  It was kind of disappointing, maybe because it was hyped up so much or perhaps because it was a Tuesday night dinner.  The line was 10-12 minutes long.  The presentation was great.  Service was just ok; we had to ask the waitress for refills on the drinks.    I liked the jumbo shrimp cocktail, dim sum, and cheese bar with grapes and dried apples.  The snow crab legs and skirt steak were on the salty side for me.  I was super disappointed with the sushi bar - only 3 kinds but no fresh fish that I remember.  I had the california roll and shrimp tempura roll which were tiny and flavorless.  Also wasn't impressed with the choice of soups, none of which sounded appealing so I didn't even try any.  No lobster tails.  There was a selection of 5 salads cutely presented in individual cups and the two I tried (thai beef salad and pear and gorgonzola) were nothing special.  Didn't touch the salad bar.  I didn't try the prime rib because my husband said it was "ok" and didn't seem too excited.    I felt like the dessert was about a third of my meal.  I really recommend the ice cream - the coffee ice cream was super strong and not very sweet, which was different.  I also had a coffee which tasted like a dark roast.  The made-to-order dessert crepe station was cool and the crepe was yummy, but there was only one guy making the crepe so there was quite a wait.  The strawberry shortcake and tiramisu were good but I've had better.  In fact, there were not too many food items that screamed out at me and that I feel I HAD to taste, which is a huge factor in my tepid rating of this place.  It was good but I wasn't blown away.~shrimp cheese grapes steak sushi california roll shrimp tempura salads thai beef salad pear salad ice cream coffee ice cream coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~fzdh9USw7klcXDSlH9q5Ww~Umm can you say Gotcha Bitch. So, I checked yelp for a good buffet to eat at and found the Wynn - I should have read the reviews first or called ahead 'cause when I showed up, I was expecting to pay 20 or so for breakfast, but ended up paying $32 + tip. Apparently on the weekends the iike to rape you for more money and the price is the same all day (may cost more for dinner). I loved the food, don't get me wrong, but damn can I save a little money for drinking, gambling, or hookers? There were tons of vegetarians choices, fresh squeezed orange juice, and real premium coffee. Easily the best food that I had on the strip during my week here.~coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_yayUccXT0JcijxWYPptUw~I had been looking forward to going to Graze sometime for lunch, as their lunch menu peaked my interest personally a bit more than their dinner menu.  To start out with, you can't beat the view.  Graze has a great set-up inside and a wonderful view of the Capitol.   I was in the mood for a burger that day and ordered their pub burger.  Overall, I didn't think that the burger or the fries were memorable.  I did order grilled onions on the burger and that added some additional flavor.  However, I would suggest ordering something more unique on their menu - my assumption is that something out of the ordinary is where Graze will shine.~burger burger burger fries burger ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~hv16fAhq1zLd8cVjhLcyaw~My colleagues and I descended en masse on the restaurant after a long day at a conference on Saturday. Overall, the service was pleasant and the food was yummy!  It took a long time for the wait staff to get our drink orders, and then an even longer time to get our food orders, but once we settled in they took good care of us. I can't really blame them too much for the delay as there were 20 of us, and since they don't take reservations and we arrived in the middle of a bustling happy hour, it took us awhile to find enough seating spread across multiple tables. Still, it would've been nice if they'd taken our drink orders right away so that we could have something to nurse while we waited for our food.  In any case, our server was very attentive, friendly, and couldn't have been more helpful.   We ordered a wide selection of appetizers and entrees, although quite a few of us stuck to salads since we had had plenty to eat at the conference. I had the charcuterie, opting for the Manchego, Fontina and the Prosciutto Rustico, which also came with a small bowl of smoked almonds. It was a lovely, delicate dish, perfectly proportioned for those seeking a light but filling meal. My colleague who ordered the Ashland Salad raved about it as well.   We finished up by splitting Claire's Chocolate Torte, a luscious dessert fit for two hungry diners or even 3-4 light eaters. Not too sweet, not too rich, so a fitting end to a delicious meal.~appetizers salads salad ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~8m2FUHBJ04R7KJnJbkHJMg~Wow!  I had their special as a combo with a tornado fries and a coffee and oh God every one of them was better than the other! Pizza is really flavourful and filling. Really great customer service. It took them about 5 to 10 min to make it and cost me a little less than $11 for all that food! Definitely something I would recommend.~fries coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~-rBfdBrqOjOdRkTxdIGrpQ~I want to give this place more stars. I really do. However, I always leave feeling just "okay" for the hype, location and concept.   Love, love love the cheese curds. Try those - they are excellent. Cocktails are good. Menu is good, but somewhat small.   The Graze Burger is $21 and was SO disappointing. Not a bad burger, but for that price I want to be wowed! It was okay.   Graze for me is one of those places where I am glad I have been there, but they are never high on the list when deciding where to go out for a dinner. Nothing is too memorable other than the amazing views of the Capitol. I do enjoy their concept of using local ingredients.~cheese burger burger ~3 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~XidcVMcmVFyUaMy8SNVN-A~Great vibe! I was there on a Tuesday--- the first time I have been since the bar has changed owners. First of all, it was packed on both sides-- a good sign that this spot will make it.   Posh crowd in the typical downtown Phoenix fashion. Food took a little while to come out but the meals were great! I had grilled chicken and veggies on skewers-- amazing flavor! I will definitely be back.   ++Great beer selection as well.~chicken ~5 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~WA82dKkI3pWZtglF3tR6WQ~Salad bar was decent, so I could have given 3 stars. But the vegetable soup was awful. It should run & hide from anyone who has ever tried Cafe Zupa's veggie soup. My friends decided this is no longer a deli since they don't offer brisket & the corned beef is just cold & not steamed, ready to slice like the good delis they used to enjoy. So they each ordered a $7 potato. Those potatoes might be big, but seriously $7??? This isn't one of the gourmet rooms. For that amount they could have gotten soup &  1/2 sammie at Zupa's. Found out there's even bigger salad bars at a steakhouse nearby for less $, so no need to ever go back here.~salad soup soup corned beef ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~yMTICRR25t-6Ths7zHGkRw~Thank you Wynn for treating me like a celebrity (although I am secretly am haha).  I returned here and had an awesome experience thanks to management (will withhold name just for privacy).  We got sat in probably the best seat in the house which is with the garden view in the middle.  As a vegetarian, it is nice to see them have some more options during brunch surprisingly enough.  I do say this as an egg eater though, so if you are vegan, I suggest you ask them to show you what is available before you decide to purchase the buffet (if possible).  I was told dinner is probably best for vegetarians/vegan.  I happened to decide brunch was the best time for us to go.  Great service and well prepared food.  The second visit tops the first one for sure.  I was not planning to return, but they wanted me to give it another chance, and I thank you for it.  Thank you Wynn!  I will be coming to try dinner again!  Sorry this update took so long.  I have been planning to write it since I got back.~egg ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~GJb_xaZu0iX1J4rhQU0MwA~Stopped in here on a whim with my little girl. You never know if small places like this will have items for kids, and they did have one kid meal, which was 2 chicken strips and fries. I was starving, and not sure what to get so I went with a value meal - sandwich, two ribs and a side. It was pretty good, but I've had way better. The pulled pork sandwich was overcooked and dry, so it's a good thing they have yummy BBQ sauce to poor over it. For my side dish, I had sweet potato tater tots. They were OK, but looked like they came out of a frozen bag of Ore-Ida.   The staff was really friendly, and it seemed like they had a lot of regulars in there.   I thought it was really over-priced. Our bill was $21.75. And the food just wasn't good enough for me to want to go back.~chicken fries sandwich ribs pulled pork ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~IglkIbwVBBtcThigizX6Ew~It is quite expensive and I don't think I ever eat my money's worth, but I still think it's one of the best buffets Vegas has to offer!  Let me let you guys in on a secret for buffets in Vegas if you don't want to pay ~ 45 person for dinner Go around 3pm to get there before lunch closes and dinner begins and you ll get in for the lunch price but get to eat dinner Pretty awesome Their king crab legs cocktail shrimp and prime rib RACK OF LAMB get med rare it s SO good other freshly sliced cooked duh red meat is all I eat there and plenty of dessert of course so that is all I can really vouch for but those are definitely enough for me to want to come back again and again Gosh I love buffets Oh and if you come here for breakfast buffet their slab of bacon is enough incentive to make you wake up in time for breakfast in Vegas This is my favorite buffet in Vegas And trust me I ve eaten at almost all of them I know gross ~shrimp, lamb ( bacon 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~1a-x3FKG14zJ2pAMkqCUkw~I made a reservation to go here for my sister's 21st birthday, and overall, it was a great experience!  The food was absolutely delicious, and our waitress provided excellent service.  We were sat in the patio/dining area, and it was a great atmosphere.  My sister got to order her first drink, and she thought they were good-- her favorite was the Category 6 Lemonade!  We also ordered a white russian, huckleberry martini Martini, and a Chocolate Martini.   For food, we got the Scallops, Spinach Chicken Waldorf Salad, Lamb Chops & Fondue, and the Green Chili Mac and cheese.  The rest of the table ordered the "Big Ass Burger", which was excellent, and huge!!!  Since it was her birthday, the restaurant allowed me to bring a birthday cake, and they served it after dinner, and lit the candles for us!  Overall, it was an awesome dinner! I would highly recommend going here, and I am sure we will go back for more burgers!!!~white spinach chicken salad lamb mac and cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~PFvTJHMgQOa3rbDhWa9dDQ~The location is tucked away in the first Canadian place food court across from Davids Tea. I came at 5, about an hour before they close, looking forward to trying one of their weekly feature flavors. I usually avoid making stops during the evening rush hour because I'm headed for the train but with a few extra minutes and fingers crossed for a short line, off I went.  There was only one other person in front of me and even at that I was served right away. I asked if they still had either of their feature flavors and was told unfortunately not. Note to self, go on lunch break if the feature flavor looks amazing, as it did (Pina Colada and Black Forest). The girls behind the counter were very nice and rather efficient. The entire stop took no longer than 5 minutes if only because I was paying with debit and had to wait for the machine to do its thing!  I got two cupcakes, one double chocolate and one vanilla with vanilla icing and coconut shavings on top. They put them into a very cute little box with a plastic window on the side so you could see in, popped them into a bag (tied it nicely so that it would stay put) and off I went!  When we sat down to mow down on our cupcakes later, we realized just how BIG they actually were! I had a hard time finishing mine but they were really good! I got to try both, the chocolate chocolate is definitely for the chocoholic - it was probably too much chocolate for someone like me but my boyfriend scarfed most of it down. Rich chocolate icing and super moist cupcake. Mine was much the same except without the richness of chocolate overload. Fluffy icing, super moist cupcakes and nice toasted coconut on top.   My boyfriend did comment that he felt there was too much icing and as with many cupcake chains, this is usually the case. The vanilla one wasn't too bad but I could have done with a bit less icing. I still ate it though... every bite!!  For the reasonable price of about 6.50 for two gourmet cupcakes that were very delicious, I would definitely come back to Prarie Girl, but probably to try some of their more unique flavors. They only carry a handful of regular flavors and not much stood out to me as unique there. If you're not a baker and want to bring something to a party, this would be a fantastic idea. They look nice, people appreciate receiving them and they taste great too. I'll be back next time I have a sugar craving!~tea cupcakes coconut cupcakes cupcakes coconut cupcakes ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FRwkk3tf1lm2pxQwa5r0BQ~My buffet philosophy--I like to eat "light" in terms of food choice, not quantity.  I avoid heavy carbs and stick to light meats, fresh fruit, great salads, and the occasional light dessert.  Had the brunch without the champagne/bloody mary option.   Very pricey (I think about $75 for two people), but when I went in, I realized why: prime rib!  Not a huge fan, but never seen prime rib at breakfast time in Sin City.  The good foodf:  *Gespacho--fresh and tart--kinda like the bloody mary I would have had if I could consume alcohol (I'm 6 months preggars).  Added cherry tomatoes, chopped cucumbers and chives. Yum! *Chinese porridge--I stuck with the "healthier" ingredients, which included green onions, deep fried chives, cilantro, and thousand-year-old eggs (didn't add on the dried pork, cut up cruellers).   *carving station bacon--cut off the fat and added the pieces to my Chinese porridge.  Tasted like high-end ham, but not syrupy sweet. *fruit--loved the papaya and pineapple--juicy sweet! *shrimp cocktail--succulent--similar fare to other gourmet buffets. *ice cream--preferred the lemon yogurt (light and fresh), but the coconut and coffee (more like espresso) ice creams are good choices for the richer taste bud *friends I went with who are BIG fans of cupcakes thought their mini-chocolate cupcakes with chocolate mousse frosting was the best they've ever had. *didn't have this, but their candied apples added a whimiscal touch to their gorgeous array of desserts.  Comparisons to other fabulous vegas buffets (Bellagio, Paris)? *Comparable in terms of quality. *Not as many salad choices as Bellagio, but I only went for brunch, so not sure how dinner would compare. *beautiful decor--much more light and bright compared to Bellagio and even more cheerful than the faux outdoors at Paris.    Overall--I'd say visit the Wynn if you are a fan of gourmet AYCE buffets.  It has definitely landed squarely on my must-eat list when visiting Vegas.~salads cherry cilantro pork bacon papaya pineapple shrimp ice cream lemon coconut coffee cupcakes cupcakes desserts salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UAGeWvDdYVL1IBfmals6vQ~I have been to Graze five or six times and it's never been great.  The fancy burger is always a mistake, it tastes good for the first few bites but by halfway through it's just gross.  That's my experience of much of the food, in order to make it 'comfort' they kicked up the grease to the point that it's distasteful.  Now when I go with friends I don't know what to order because everything I have tried before was a dud.  Not a terrible place, but there are better in the same area and price range.~burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~lZe-oi__pVtZwtZxvbXcYQ~Great restaurant, excellent atmosphere. Heavy on the pork. Just a touch pricey.~pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~W_GShXaSSwuoHmps3dwCcg~I've always passed this restaurant when I'm being driven down scottsdale and I finally decided to stop there since its so close to Optima condos. I have to say, it was pretty good. Atmosphere was great and food was too. I suggest going there for happy hour and getting their macaroni and cheese. Or tortilla soup. Both are very delicious.  Nice work for a location trapped by offices~macaroni and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~b-aqPZsfQmkE2QCjlfZPRg~This is one of our favorite places to take out of towners. The ambiance, food quality and scrumptious drinks are all 5 stars. The Big A** Burger is the best in town and only $10 on HH. $5 well drinks, including standard vodka or gin martinis and more. Everything I've had on the menu has been excellent. You cannot go wrong here!~burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~u08H41kqnmy9e-_81ERwEA~GRAZE was such a treat, from start to finish. Every aspect of this place was a win! It felt upscale but simplistic at the same time. We ordered off the happy hour menu- coffee, cheese board, pork bun, salad, and cheese curds--- a must! If you don't try the curds you are doing it wrong. Visiting from Seattle and just driving through Madison for the day, I'm happy we went here. Check it out~coffee cheese pork salad cheese ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~gsysgOZ_bkTx1MrEFrX7Uw~I had the salmon salad with the lemon ginger dressing and the fish bites. Both were delicious!  Cocktails were not great, Definitely don't need to have the Old Fashioned and the Moscow Mule was just okay.   I would stick with beer.  Great atmosphere and service.~salmon salad lemon ginger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~aLU-PpD6jiQA0C5GNcAqpg~We came here to "kinda" celebrate my birthday, we were starving by the time we showed up, we were seated right away, even on a Friday so that was cool, our waiter was very nice.  The bread and butter was yummy! The agave margarita was very smooth and good, just one hit me hard. I ordered the braised short ribs, and the hubby had the big ass burger.  I really liked my meal, the short ribs were great, a little too fatty, but thats just the cut of meat I think.  I will order the regular mashed potatoe next time because the horseraddish was too much.  The hubby's burger was good, something on it put it right on the line of being over salted, but it was still enjoyable.  The creme brulee was very very good, one of the best we have had.~butter ribs burger ribs burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~e5v6Eh5meswh7gLm9c-Nrw~Been here quite a few times with various friends and family. Their menu changes seasonally but in summer time they have Dr. Pepper ribs that my wife loves and a filet mignon that is very tasty. During winter they seem to be more about the fish and chicken entrees.  Their Big Burger isn't to bad either.   Not a big drinker, but when coming here I always get the Arnold Palmer with firefly vodka which seems to be the only place that has this drink, and is probably the best drink I have ever had, besides the pear champagne I had at my wedding.  Appetizer wise I have had and love the guac and chips as well as the tortilla soup.   The last time we went I took my parents out for their birthdays here and my dad being the person that is hard to please was even impressed with pork and my mother loved the carnitas.   The service is excellent and should be a role model of how restaurant service should be, with constant watch over my drinks, NOT bugging me on how the food was immediately after I just received it.   Great place for special occasions or just for a delicious meal.   Overall: I would recommend this place and is quite affordable for a nice night out.   Note: Would recommend making reservations to ensure that seating is available as on weekends they do get busy.~ribs chicken burger pear chips soup pork carnitas ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~nNDNrwQsTQds9XICsT_R6A~While we were in Madison, we kept walking by this restaurant and decided to check it out.  So glad we did!  We had an amazing meal!  We started with the cheese curds, that were hands down the best we have ever had!  Also had the bread basket and a couple of cocktails. For dinner I had the pappardelle pasta and hubby had the Graze burger. One of the meals we have ever had!~cheese pasta burger ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~e6sN8pLFx0T0ZsHNAJfFIQ~SPICY Food! Tried the Kashmiri Chicken Combo. Came with Salad (without dressing), and (soft) Naan, plus a Coke. I don't know why there was no dressing on the salad (maybe the greens where meant to be put on the bread with the chicken?!) The soft Naan was really good, and the chicken pretty hot.  Fast and friendly service, the price was great (13$), and they are open all night! The interior is "Take-Out"-friendly but nothing more. The counter looks great with all the different dishes. At least 30 of them (ready cooked), so I understand why they have to microwave them - always the same problem if a diner offers too many things...~chicken salad coke salad greens chicken chicken ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tL34dItRmfpXhID1wSGQNA~The menu is very pretentious. It seems like every entree is over the top extravagant. I ended up getting the Mac and cheese which was good, but really only for it because I didn't want anything else on the menu. My boyfriend got pork and didn't love it. From a guy who will eat and try just about anything he had a few bites and couldn't finish it.  The cheese plate was the best part of our meal and popcorn was good but nothing to rave about. I'd try it again for brunch but that's the only reason I'd go back.~mac and cheese ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~SiOx1KsZheYg8CweD9HFBg~It was okayish. The person taking our order was pretty sweet, but the food was flavorless and mushy. The beef brisket was probably the best part of the meal but it wasn't anything to write home about. Restaurant itself was a little warm, despite the cool day. It was overall a really "meh" experience, and at $30+ for two people it's not worth it.~beef brisket ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mzOqVAiprhtIguGM7IUg_w~Great service, sat at bar and had beer went to order beet and walnut burger and was told that's only available for lunch very disappointed!! Had the veggie burger was ok, the English muffin made it very dry, better if was on another kind of bread.~beet burger burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~SO-mAvTg_rRsOksRsMxStw~Great service! Highly recommend trying the green chili pork! Big a** burger was also delicious. Came to the table a little under but was quickly fixed. Would rather it come under than over. Only negative comment would be the distracted hostess when I first entered. Was talking with a couple servers about something one their phone. Otherwise a wonderful experiance will definitely be returning.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~12BaW9KkqhIYA-SYHEx6Ew~Went here when I was in Scottsdale last month on a business trip after hearing about it from co-workers.  Needless to say, the Roaring Fork didn't disappoint.  First of all the service was awesome.  Our waitress not only helped me decide on what to order, but her suggestions were spot-on.  My boss and I split the Ahi Tuna Quesadilla and the Green Chile Mac & Cheese.  Mind you, I'm not a huge mac & cheese fan, but this was really good.  If I ate this more often, I could learn to be a fan.  Enjoyed the Boneless Buttermilk Chicken with smashed potatoes and Peppercorn Gravy.  It was delicious.  I wanted the Big Ass Burger, but the Chicken was incredible and I'm happy I ordered it.  My boss ordered the fish taco's which he said were just perfect.~tuna cheese cheese chicken burger chicken taco ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~zHuNhR2cDljdSzGW52tEGQ~First time visitors this last weekend.  I've heard good things and we finally decided to give it a try.   It was busy and there was a 30-45 minute wait for a table.  Since going out to dinner for me means relaxing, not rushing and going with the flow the wait wasn't an issue and there were two open seats at the bar, perfect.  It took a minute or two for a bartender to come over, which gave me time to eye over the specialty drinks.  As a huge fan of gin, ginger and lemon - the sweet lou seemed right up my alley.  Unfortunately they were out of the ginger honey, disappointment.  I tried it with regular honey and not so impressed.  I'd like to try it again when they have all the ingredients in stock.   Once seated at our table, the service was FAST.  We ordered the fried pickles, they came to our table faster than I was expecting.  We loved them!  I ordered the pub burger with a beet and walnut patty.  I've always been a little mixed on beets to begin with but as a vegetarian, I like to try new things.  Not my best choice, still not a fan of beets.  The beet flavor was too overwhelming for me, I took about half the burger off the bun and that seemed to really make a difference for me.    We will return, I won't order the beet burger - but I look forward to trying some other dishes.~ginger lemon ginger honey honey fried pickles ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~UABmCjLYWFEtztPYhZfpUg~Was visiting from Chicago and thought we check out something up to our standards with our preference to try something local.   Love the concept of farm to table and the map that greeted us with the pinpoints of all the farms they source from.  We ordered a variety of dishes since we had 5 people in tow. Here are my strong points:  - House lemonade was delish! That day was a rhubarb strawberry lemonade. - Daily cheese and meat is not be to be missed. Love the variety and presentation. - My daughter's Grilled Cheese was the best dish at our table! - Berry shortcake with ice cream = winner!  Weak points: - Salads were blah, though the dressings were unique. - Wasn't thrill with the appetizers. We ordered fried pickles, popcorn and deviled eggs. Wish I ordered the bread basket. - Menu concept. I don't know if they are trying to be innovative and it's obvious or they are trying to showcase a variety of offerings. Wish it was more home grown and basic - it's anywhere from farm dishes to diner to korean.~rhubarb cheese cheese ice cream salads appetizers fried pickles ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~D55llmlBEJtBGM2mbgj7RQ~We had unreasonably slow service that even though I did enjoy my meal, I felt the restaurant deserved a sub-par review. I went with the large group and we surprisingly didn't have to wait for a table on a weekend afternoon. Really like how they have huge circle tables for large groups. However, it took us three hours to finish the meal. Every part of the meal was slow - taking our orders, checks, etc. Our waitress forgot to put in our order, but was nice about it and gave us a free round of drinks.   Anyways, I ordered a Blood Mary to start, its highlight is that it's served with two plump shrimp! For my main, I ordered the crab cake sandwich and loved it. Perfect ratio of ingredients, with more crab flavor than breadcrumbs/filling. I'm a HUGE seafood fan, so the food and ambiance are worth a return trip, but I'll be wary if I have time constraints.~shrimp crab cake ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~g6_NdPxee9GQ4f-yzdm8SA~We started at breakfast and finished for lunch, so there were many different choices and cuisines!  Coffee, tea, hot cocoa, and juice are included.  Fancy coffee drinks are not included.  The waitstaff was excellent, so please consider adding a tip (10%) when you pay before being seated.~coffee tea coffee ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~zeq89u3rIYJKrHT4k6K8zg~I feel like The Buffet has lost some of its luster. I've been there many times (probably 4-5x?) since 2007 and it always has a delicious selection and friendly service. This last trip was a bit hit or miss. The food selection was not as great, and many of the items were "just ok" or pretty plain/standard. Additionally we waited at least 15 min just to get coffee!  Having been to Wicked Spoon twice and my most recent trip this past Nov, I used to think The Buffet was better but now I think Wicked Spoon has surpassed. Not only in selection and presentation, but also the flavor combinations are more interesting and unique!~coffee ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~XNLkU2orItmXX5xWJHIzBg~Friday morning of our Vegas trip.  It was 11:15.  We figured by the time we get to the front of the line, it'll be lunch time.  The line slowly moved, but we eventually got to the front of the line.  Lunch was $24.95.  Or something like that.  The central dining area is brightly lit by a huge skylight and the faux fantasy forest provided a stepping stone for the imagination.  Typical buffet set up with various stations offering a variety of dishes and cuisines.  The prime rib was good, as was their fried rice, leg of lamb, the gyozas were decent.  The had other items such as pizzas and pastas, sushi, other Asian dishes, a salad bar, and a few other things.  I would have to say the star was the dessert station.  They had at least 12 different desserts, all in small, 2-3 bite servings but they all looked so delicious I wish I could've had them all!  Oh, they also had gelato, with as many toppings and syrups as you want.  I didn't get any gelato but I had a bite of my friend's coffee gelato and it was REALLY strong.  The only thing that irked was one of the ladies didn't know who the executive pastry chef of the hotel was when I asked her.  I later had to google it, finding out that is it none other than the awesome Frederic Robert.  Our server could've been a lot better.  She wasn't around much and we constantly had to flag her down for refills on our beverages.  One of the busboys was doing a better job than she was.  I would definitely have to say this compares to the Bellagio Buffet (review to come)~fried rice lamb sushi salad desserts coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kiMrLKCvGBym5ck_WQzTLg~Excellent meal, the rainbow trout was cooked perfectly, I highly recommend it, the green chile mac and cheese was delicious, Bob provided great service and everyone was friendly, managers asked if everything was good, great place. An easy walk from the Doubletree Paradise Valley.~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~y5Puu34bqH3AxoMVVGJKlA~We've been to HB BBQ a couple times thanks to Groupon, and I'm a big fan of the ribs.  The meat literally falls off the bone, and the sauce is excellent.  The second time we went we had the chicken and rib plate, which is how we'll probably do it from now on.    I'm not a fan of the sides, otherwise this place would have had 5 stars.  There's not a lot of seating, so going during major meal times can present a problem if you're planning to dine in.  Also, It doesn't look like they can seat large parties together...most of the tables only seat 4 people.  Overall, the meats are excellent.  It is definitely a place I have and would continue to go back to.  I'd go more often, but they're not that close to where I live.~ribs chicken ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~7T3PEpEZ8DAGiH04mMW3lw~I visited Luke Wholey's earlier tonight for dinner with my parents.  I'd been wanting to try it for a long while now, so given that they're fans of good seafood and that I had a City Dining Card for it, this gave me the push necessary to try it.  We started out by ordering the lobster bisque fries ($11), given that it was one of the more unique menu items and that many other Yelpers recommended them.  They consisted of fries over lobster bisque with chunks of lobster topped with scallions, and were the highlight of the meal.  If you like poutine, you'll enjoy them, for sure.  Because I wanted to try the lobster bisque by itself, I decided to order a cup of it with my meal ($7).  This turned out to be a mistake, given that it was too salty and rich for my taste, and that I felt that it was overpriced (for a cup).  If you're considering stopping here for lunch, bear in mind that you can get 4-5 times the amount of crab-lobster bisque of comparable quality across the street (with more seafood, no less!) in a quick serve setting at Wholey's Fish Market for less $.  For our entrees, my mom ordered the crab cake salad ($15.95), my dad ordered the baja shrimp volcano ($28), and I ordered the crab stuffed salmon ($30).  While my salmon was well cooked and tasty with the sauce, it didn't blow my mind the way I expect for an entree at this price point.  Also, the bok choy served with my entree seemed a bit limp when served, and there was a piece of skin underneath my salmon.  While these may seem like minor details, I have a higher standard for fine dining-esque than for mid-range restaurants, so I can't let them slide.  I tried a piece of my mom's crabcake and some of the potatoes from my dad's volcano, and again, they seemed tasty, but not mind-blowing.  They both seemed satisfied enough--though they're not as exacting as I am when it comes to eating out.  On the a positive note, our service was very good, so I have no complaints there.  The atmosphere is more casual than I was expecting, which fits with the atmosphere of the Strip District, but not with the fine dining-esque nature of the restaurant.  I concur with another reviewer that I'd be willing to give this place another shot for lunch (or happy hour), I don't think I'd be willing to pay dinner prices again.  Since my opinion is hovering between 3 and 4 stars, I'm splitting the difference and going with 3.5.~fries fries crab cake ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NPxn66jUngAyiEryzvKWFw~Love the food here. This location specifically I think is better than the other location. The mac n cheese is amazing and the pulled chicken sandwiches are very big. Staff is typically friendly but the booths aren't very comfortable.~cheese chicken sandwiches ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~BiB_h1qGN81sYj9B8lJahw~Best most dressed Bloody Mary- the Ultimate Bloody Mary. Can't even guess how many times I've showed the photo to people. I enjoyed the fresh soft shell crab. I would like to have just ordered another one versus ordering food since this drink supplied enough food :)  I ordered the beet wild salmon salad. Something went wrong with our order and it took forever to come out. They apologized and comped it by adding some steak to my friends back and eggs. We sat at the bar. Service was very good.  My salmon on the salad was overcooked.  Would come back again for that Bloody Mary.~beet salmon salad steak salmon salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8BCMS2gMppLtdel8j0wKyg~Amazing food.  Don't let the other reviews keep you away.  It is pricy, but you probably already know that.   You have to try the pork buns! I had the hanger steak and my wife had the salmon with clams.  Both really great.  I will be back.    Nice selection of wines and out of the norm tap beers.  Update:  Went there a 2nd time. Still amazing food.  The beet salad is amazing, the views are great and the service is top notch.~pork steak salmon beet salad ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~k_bOte5fLNvY0D1sJ5yVFA~Just dined there with a large group.  I think we tried almost everything on the menu.  Most of the stuff was really good.  We definitely froze on the "heated" patio though.  That was a bit of a bummer.  Service was good.  It would have been helpful if it was a little more kid friendly.  No juice offered and luckily they were able to come up with kid friendly mac and cheese or we would have been in big trouble.~mac and cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dcUp8kpbf3o60V65u-XCBw~such beautiful entrance to the buffet! (: flowers and flowers and more flowers, bright but not blinding (due to natural lighting coming from the ceiling) so overall friendly, inviting atmosphere (: ladies dressed in HOT PINK head to toe o__o lol it was quite cute.   great service throughout! totally awesome EXCEPT that one lady at the dessert station who started picking on me for taking pictures in her broken english. "ah manager he yes then ok pictures but no because manager ah you no then..." you get the drift -__-" i totally couldn't comprehend her at all...so she ended up calling the manager over while he was standing around "MAH-NEH GERRRR" then he came over and she obnoxiously starts pointing at me saying "picture her okay?" then he totally shut her off and told me it was okay to take pictures and smiled. (: what a cutie hehe. so i went along on a journey with my gigantic dslr and had fun ^__^ hehe  back to the basics.  utensils they used were nice. the knife was realllly heavy. the plates were really pretty and clean. none of the ones i used had chips on them!   food was alright. some were awesome, some were alright, and some were nah.   the pineapple juice i ordered was SO GOOD.  i recommend the spicy tuna handroll, different types of ceviche, pesto pasta you can make at the pasta station, smoked salmon, and the prime rib.  crabs were freakishly SALTY ~ ~ahhhhh. blegh. buffalo chicken wings (why would i get this at a buffet. i laugh at myself) was toooooo sweet, pad thai (again why would i get this at a buffet -__-") was...bland. seriously had no flavor what-so-ever. chicken panang had this really overwhelming coconut taste... this baked salmon dish was so dryyy ): pea cream sauce tortellini was way too sweet and so was the shredded bbq pork on the corn bread. i felt like overall, the food was on the sweet side o__o  on to deserts, AHHHHH i was in love. creme brulee, tiramisu, panna cotta, strawberry shortcake, liege waffles and crepes that they make on the spot! those are all recommendable.  the only ones i was disappointed with were candied apple ( it looked so pretty and enticing but...hard much? -__-" so HARD to bite into. no pun intended ha) and the madeleine cookie...was not good AT ALL.  overall, it was a really satisfying experience! (: 
Le Cheese Truck~mac and cheese-cheesy cake~mAo6tCXNMLtQbdQB0lGkfg~Yum!! Shared the Mac n cheese and loved it. I think the portion size was a tad small but it was very delicious and I recommend it :) PS - like them on FB for some special treats ;)~cheese ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~NjYgqE6UJWz8ApEH5aPWMQ~Love the salad bar. For take out you can't beat the loaded baked potatoes. Gigantic. Highly recommend this place!~salad ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Szko2nEN60EymhF--jauwg~Stopped in for a birthday drink and appetizer.   There was a 90 minute wait for a table so we decided to check out the bar.  We got 2 seats at the bar within 5 minutes with a great view of the capital.  We started off with some drinks and then cheese curds and the pretzel.  Delicious!  We decided to hang around and have some dinner.  Really quick service, great drinks (seasonal punch was yummy), and scrumptious eats.  Check it out!~cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~d-aZvhCGIi9G3mVXyZdPfw~Excellent happy hour. Flatbreads and great, as are burgers. Limited beer selection, but custom cocktails are creative and generous. Good staff, and good happy hour pricing. Full dinner will run to a $$$ rating easily. It is in a vanilla office building complex, so character is lacking.~burgers ~3 
Sweet Tomatoes~tuna salad~6Xz4abEJGaaeRpVdRkv_Fw~Great place for fresh salad and a nice variety of soups and other buffet foods.  I have eaten at this Restuarant before while in town on business.  This time around I confined myself to the salad bar.  Great selection of fresh ingredients, toppings, and salad dressings.  This place has two things going for it as far as I am concerned.  #1 - Fresh food #2 - Clean  If your looking for gourmet fare, look elsewhere.  But if you want a quick lunch of decent to good quality, this Sweet Tomatoes is a good pick.  Something tasty for every palate.  The price is right too!~salad salad salad ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~GpXeu276nmqWztnd4NHAsw~Food was pretty good. Service was good. Not a huge selection to choose from when compared to other buffets in town. For the price they should offer king crab instead of snow and a small fork for the crab. We were told they did not have them which was a bit strange. The crepes were very good as was the fresh iced tea.~tea ~3 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~XZe5X9CTHv-BOCaWKWMTYA~The food was great, but we had a bad service experience. After being seated it took at least 5 minutes for our waiter to acknowledge us. Then it was another 5 minutes before he came back to take our drink orders. No one had brought us a cocktail menu even though the place is known for great cocktails, so we asked for one. That took 5 more minutes. Then it was at least 10 minutes before he came back to take the orders, then another 10 for the drinks to arrive. When the waiter came with the drinks we had to ask him not to leave because we didn't know how long it would be before he came back to take dinner orders. Apparently you can't get bread until you've ordered, because even though we asked for it, it never arrived until after we had ordered. I was about 2 minutes away from finding a manager to complain to, something I had never done. Every table around us had drinks and dinner before we had even ordered dinner.  I had met my friends in Phoenix, and they had just flown in from the east coast, so it was after midnight their time before we finally got food. Although the food was amazing they were practically falling into their plates from exhaustion.  The drinks we finally got were amazing. I had a cosmo-type thing with jalapeno muddled in. Really different and delicious. My friend had the grapfruit-basil martini which was also delicious.  I had the goat cheese/spinach salad appetizer and it was great, except a little too heavy on the dressing.  For entrees, two friends had the salmon which they loved and raved about all week. Another friend had the chicken and she was pleasantly surprised by it. I had the shrimp and pasta carbonara. I don't usually order shrimp dishes, and I loved it. The shrimp were gigantic and so flavorful. It was rich, but worth it.  We were too exhausted to consider dessert, because of the service issues.  I'm not sure our service problem was a one-off. I went back for breakfast and lunch during our stay at the Sanctuary and wasn't impressed either time. For breakfast I ordered eggs benedict with the eggs "not too runny." They came literally hard boiled. I pointed this out to the waitress and she offered to take it back, but I had already waited awhile and didn't want to spend more of my vacation time waiting for food. At the end of the meal I again expressed my disappointment, but was offered no compensation, not even a comped iced tea. At lunch, the filet cobb salad was delcicious, but I had to flag down the staff for more iced tea, which was difficult since I was in a booth facing the window with no easy access to any of the staff or other diners.~jalapeno cheese spinach salad salmon chicken shrimp pasta carbonara shrimp shrimp eggs benedict tea salad tea ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~oIkcrXgV82WoqP_G5NVPeQ~Was good.  There weren't any dishes that made my toes curl, but it was satisfying.   Came with my employer's and husband.  We attended the Parker Chiropractic Seminar.     Saturday around 3pm.. there was about a 15 minute wait to get into the buffet.. although the line moved at a consistent pace.   Hmm.. what stood out.. not much.  The pasta's were nice and tender.. uhh.. not memorable.  The pancakes were okay.. IDK.   The food was average.  I don't even want to take too much time writing this because it was so mediocre.   Cost for 4 without champagne was $127.  Will I be back?  Probably not, buffet is not my cup of tea.~pasta pancakes tea ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~N4hmZ8tJ86pZS6dtZ4SzYg~This place originally got famous for rustic cowboy cooking. The menu still has that dimension but now also serves lighter fare (like the fish tacos or the salads). Overall I have been impressed by every meat dish I have eaten here. And then the happy hour at the bar is a real treat. The big ass burger on the happy hour menu still is the best deal in town. You might want to share it though ...~tacos salads burger ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~iSpTYLe54pwDoPo8y0jn6A~What an excellent Valentine's Dinner! My wife and I came into Elements for the 2016 holiday and were so happy we did.  First of all, when you arrive, they take your phone number so they can text you when your table is ready.  While you wait, you can go into Jade Bar and hang out.  When we were there, some excellent live music was playing, which we really enjoyed.  Second, the service.  You have a 'service team' that assists you, which I believe includes a Server and two Server Assistants.  They all make sure you never wait long for anything, and they do a great job of it.  Our server was incredibly knowledgeable as well.    Third, the ambiance.  When we were there you could look outside at the gorgeous scenic views, as well as to a beautiful fire pit.  It was all very relaxing and romantic.    Finally, the food and drink.  I loved the Camino Agave Cocktail, and my wife and I both loved the Calamari appetizer.  For entrees, she ordered the Salmon, I ordered the Pork Chop, and we were both very satisfied.  I highly recommend Elements for your next special occasion. Enjoy!~salmon pork ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~qkJ7NYWVIve3brZB8atZkg~Mr. J and I had dinner here with another couple on Friday night. I don't know if it's the location (Penn Avenue in the Strip) or if people haven't warmed up to this place yet, but it was very empty with maybe 2 other tables with partons.   Our server was very friendly and attentive - almost too much so - perhaps because he didn't have much to do or was distracted by the fact that one of our friends is a tattoo artist as the server felt it necessary to show off his ink. We're easy-going people, so it wasn't that big of a deal.   The food was good - I enjoyed my seared yellowtail but there were only 2 small pieces and nearly a cup of rice on my plate. So my portions were a bit unbalanced and skimpy for the $23 price tag. Mr. J had the land and sea - while his steak seemed a bit overcooked, the scallops were seared perfectly and were delicious.   I'm bummed I missed the all-you-can-eat blue crabs that were on special two weekends ago. I think LWWAG could benefit from having things like this more often. I think that's what would get me to go back.~steak ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~slKD_9xQdfW4mTnfW8g1tw~Best beans I've ever had and an excellent BBQ sauce!!  Rib tips and chicken were great.  Coleslaw and potato salad ok.~chicken coleslaw potato salad ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~kWGHZpSVt7P4Rl_9DkGH_A~Not exactly a home-run, but it was a pretty satisfying meal.   ---  Quick summary:  Too many choices? Just focus on these three items: prime rib, Alaskan crab legs, and Asian food (e.g. Shrimp bao, fried dumpling, leek cake).  My no-no list: beef slider, rib-eye (just get more prime rib), madeleines, creme brulee  ---  Holiday dinner price was $47.99 and the wait felt like forever ... had to wait about 90 ~ 120 minutes Plate 1 Sushi seafood and Asian food Shrimp bao I liked the sweet bun fried dumpling very impressive one of the top fried dumplings I ve had leek cake flavorful spicy salmon hand roll a bit disappointed it didn t hit the spot BBQ eel nigiri above average quality for a buffet California roll above average quality for a buffet and Alaskan crab legs already sliced open juicy and flavorful Plate 2 medium rare prime rib expect a long line one of the best prime rib I ve had tender juicy and irresistible lamb chop tasted a bit dry bratwurst not bad at all chicken sausage not bad at all mashed potato ham beef slider terrible bun and dry meat could not finish it rib eye did not like it tasted pretty dry asparagus juicy and crunch good green bean casserole Plate 3 baked salmon orecchiette pasta basil pesto grilled Mary s chicken four cheese ravioli chicken parmesan roll all plate 3 tasted pretty decent Plate 4 creme brulee sugar crust didn t taste right tiramisu excellent madeleines didn t like the texture cream puff good gelato chocolate peanut butter and cappuccino Plate 5 fried rice not bad for a non Asian buffet Caesar salad gotta eat some vegetable right Kate Jicama salad candied walnuts grapes blue cheese raspberry vinaigrette green apple salad crunch crunch crunch yummy fried tofu Did not try customized pasta station cold cut bar cheese salami prosciutto etc pizza there was steak egg pizza and artisan bread station I wish there are more ice cream flavors Anyhow I would return if I don t have to wait for more than one hour again And this time I ll only focus on prime rib and crab legs ~shrimp cake) beef sushi, shrimp cake ( salmon california roll ( lamb chicken sausage ( mashed potato 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~OM_r8u1zSzoIycBgcR2hXg~Wasted my $40.  This place seemed great after reading about it online.  Unfortunately, unless you eat the king crab legs, the rest of the food is not worth eating.  And because I don't eat seafood, I was quite disappointed.  While everyone raves about the crab legs, I would like to judge the buffet based on its prime rib.  The cuts of prime rib I had were very fatty.  Not top quality.  the cheeses tasted like they had been left out for a while and tasted stale.  The pastas were not very good.  Needless to say, nothing really impressed me to even write about.   The desserts were good, but not worth spending the $40 on.  I loaded up on these since I was still hungry from not eating much that was very appealing.  The service for drinks was also bad.  I got up and helped myself to more iced tea.~cheeses desserts tea ~2 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~gaB700qeSxvDn6C0T0rBKg~I've been here a couple of times.  I try to avoid the M-F lunch rush.  Service is okay. Baked potatoes are huge.  Salad bar has more of a selection than other places.    Tip: The soft serve is free.  Help yourself. = )~salad ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~cwf1Sb1rNyUIaHKKxmn5_A~seemed overpriced and not top quality. weak mixed drinks. the old bay shrimp were good. not sure if i'd go back.~shrimp ~2 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~ZYjr2tVYEN7mRKpxzBhNAQ~Ono comfort food and quick delivery service. Love that their hamburger patties are home-made but the LauLau could use some work. Other than that though, the fam loves this place!~hamburger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Kl3PBKqqh6hK1CiYZ-rfDg~This was awesome! We came for our anniversary and made reservations. They had our table ready when we arrived complete with an anniversary card and a rose! I ordered the bacon pork tenderloin and my man had the Big Ass Burger. The tenderloin was perfect and the burger was HUGE. They kept congratulating us on our anniversary which was so sweet. They also gave us complimentary dessert - we picked the creme brulee which was fantastic! Best anniversary, best customer service and best food ever! Thank you Roaring Fork!~bacon pork burger burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nwWn_vnFF2yLt0lujXkzSA~Went to try the happy hour and was pretty impressed. $5 martinis (perfect full pours) and really good margaritas. The Big Ass burger for $10 was very tasty. I had to box it up even, such a huge portion. The green chile pork dish was very tasty as well. Good service, nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour. Every day from 4-7, Sun and Mon 4-close I think. I will be going back here for sure at some point.~burger pork ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~f2vUN2QH2_LjFBbII0x9Ww~In town for business, and anytime I travel for work I try to hit up a bbq joint.  Literally went five minutes before close, and the cashier was nice enough to let me order for dine in.   I am a hearty eater, so I got the chicken dinner with two sides, and a two meat sandwich.  The meats I chose were pork and beef.  The two sides were French fries, and potato salad.  The pro e wad very reasonable. Lets start with the chicken.  It was smothered in bbq sauce, but was a nice piece of chicken.  The taste was OK.  I've had much better, also much worse.  It also wasn't that beefy of a chicken, so I was happy I  ordered the extra sandwich. The sandwich was a different story. I would give the bbq meat a 8/10. It had a very smokey taste, like it just came off a big pile of wood.  I thoughly enjoyed that meat, the plain white bun it was on, not so much.   The fries were very basic, and the potato salad was also nothing to write home about.  If I am back in town, I would probably come back.  But, again a very sub-par bbq experience.~chicken sandwich pork beef french fries ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wnEi1JHg0uFn60mnqRPLrA~Not sure if people have been reviewing the Wynn Breakfast/Brunch buffet, so here's my two cents.  I'm so happy my little group woke up early for this. We went for Sunday brunch and got to the restaurant just past 9:30. There were two people ahead of us in line. It was such a relief, because random restaurants at Treasure Island (where we were staying) had lines forming already.    Brunch was ~ 28 per person coffee juice tea included ~$35 per person if you wanted alcohol (Bloody Mary's, Champagne, Mimosas).   This place was so pretty. Such a fun time to be had designing your own plate. Oval plates seem so much chicer than round ones, don't you think?  Food. Is. Superb. I don't think anyone would go hungry here, even you picky eaters out there. Two rows of pastries and desserts (madeleines, croissants, chocolate croissants, sorbets, bread pudding and crme anglaise, cookies, and mini servings of chocolate cake) for the sweet tooths. For the meat eaters, there's a carving station with prime rib and--wait for it!--glazed slab of bacon. Eggs and eggs benedict and lox and fried chicken are all yours. They have a cooked-to-order omelet chef. There are waffles to be eaten with various preserves and fruits. There are silver dollar pancakes with warm maple syrup.  Interesting stations: (1) Congee bar, complete with thousand year old eggs, Chinese fried long donuts (yo tiao in Mandarin); (2) Gazpacho bar, with mix-ins like cucumbers, onions, diced tomatoes; (3) Strawberry bar, with fresh hulled strawberries, julienned mint, cream.  My favorites were small servings of yogurt (sweetened with honey, topped with crunchy granola and a whole strawberry) and cups of segmented grapefruit (tossed with a coarse sugar to enhance sweetness and lend texture, topped with a small sprinkle of mint).   Good table side service made sure that the drinks were always topped-off and plates were always whisked away when we returned with a new plate.   Highly recommended.   P.S. By the time we left ( 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~2Fg3T0w0uM9lS3vr5OtO-A~Brak likes BJ's. For a "brew house" kind of joint, the food is WAY above average.  Some of the servers have been here for years and are great.  Others are horrendous - we've had service ranging from outstanding to unacceptable here.  But the food has been consistently good.  Brak likes the chicken parm lunch special.  The marinara sauce has an extra spicy kick that's both unusual and very tasty.  Would have granted 4 stars if not for the spotty service.  But the food has been consistently good, and is a regular spot on our office lunch rotation.~chicken ~3 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~QlcgMDW1duWBFW1AbHH1WQ~Best cuban sandwich in Las Vegas~sandwich ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~sEBe363rjCeAk9QjZ-GRPQ~I love love love love buffets, but I wasn't impressed with "The Buffet" on a Monday night, and here's why:  - The sushi bar had only three items.  I don't think this is enough of a variety to have a special section called "Sushi."   - Quality of food was just alright, e.g., grilled pork chops were all either dry or burnt.  The best dish I had was the mashed potatoes.   The desserts *almost* made everything better.  Everyone's said this before, but I'll speak with emphasis.  The desserts at this buffet are the BEST desserts I have ever had at any buffet.  Each and every dessert was amazing -- the chocolate mousse, cheesecake, bread pudding, carrot cake.  The ice cream, however, was a little extreme in flavor -- the coffee flavor was very strong, and the passion fruit sorbet was very tart.  Overall, desserts were still amazing.  Gotta hand it to the Wynn - they know how much we love our desserts and they do it big.    Three stars, since I probably won't come back.~sushi sushi pork desserts desserts desserts carrot cake ice cream coffee passion fruit desserts desserts ~3 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~A0873ju34m9ZWqSTxb5HOA~If you're a total diehard pizza-loving fan, this place is worth checking out for their pizza cones; a totally fun and interesting take on pizza. If pizza isn't your thing, they also serve cold & hot sandwiches, poutine or tornado fries. A great spot to grab some lunch with a few hungry colleagues/co-workers, and did I mention the staff were super friendly?~sandwiches fries ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~UB_Px3-d2QBFgkf6L3VWYQ~Awesome place, staff is nice, food is delicious, and customizable, and they have great fries.   The whole pizza in a cone idea is wonderful as well, a much nicer way to eat everyone's favourite food!~fries ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~OSR3rCLyNlRtFK4jpYByqg~I wanted to order chicken and ribs but I was told they don't sell it like that and would have to order 2 separate plates lol okay then.~chicken ribs ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~tv-UcQQhXhAdwU5HAIFlRg~Anyone who has a happy hour until 10 pm all summer long is worth checking out. I can only give this review based on two items the short ribs  and the big ass burger were awesome. I have heard the chicken is awesome so next time I come that is what I am going to try.~ribs burger chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~KZ9wO1vmeNqMvZZS6DTT5w~Enjoyed our brunch here at wynn - impressed with the food choices (omelet stations, carving stations, asian station that has lugaw/congee!, etc etc). also their coffee is good and strong, just the way i like it.  i didnt get to try everything, but i thought it would be worth a dinner visit...~coffee ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~P3qJicD7a6dLEC_tKt4ZXg~Perfect portion size Perfect amount of cheese  The owner is really friendly  Amazing french fries   I initially came here because of the groupon but I would definitely return!!~cheese french fries ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~gDc-TyY4AHk7j0Ns3PhJxw~This place is HORRIBLE, the service stinks!  The food is just as bad as the service.  The waiter got my order totally wrong. Told me the tuna is served medium well, it was served RARE!  For the price and ratings I expected at least good food and service.  GOT NEITHER!~tuna ~1 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~bWiJQQG3Q8ODijkCazKs0A~I only get the salad bar at Jason's Deli so I can't speak about their other foods.  I'm not sure why Jason's has enough seating for a Roman Legion and a single salad bar. Has this place ever been to capacity, and if so, WHERE did they all park?  Parking is a freaking nightmare because it shares the parking lot with a Wingstop and Seafood City and a few other businesses.   In general, their salad bar is a great deal and I can't recommend their gingerbread bites enough. They are killer.  My beef with Jason's is that they slice all of their vegetables as if they're going to go on a burger, rather than dicing them, which can make eating a salad look pretty beast-like (imagine Beast eating porridge for the first time in Beauty & the Beast) if you accidently miss cutting a slice of bell pepper or onion completely before stabbing it with your fork.~salad salad salad beef burger salad bell pepper onion ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4gxqHi3W-NzkOoGu0geEHg~I do adore the weekend champagne brunch, but not for the food - for the champagne, of course!    The food...well, the food is "eh" at best, and inedible at worst.  The buffet is extensive and covers nearly any palette, but because it's done in such a mass quantity and left to sit out, is not particularly fresh or hot.  The desserts mostly had a rubbery consistency, save for the tasty peach cobbler and pecan rolls.  The ice cream bar is also a very safe bet.  Steer clear of the shrimp...they were room-temperature and slimy on the skin, so we had to pass after a bite, for fear we'd get sick.  Most everything was heat-lamped too long and was too dry to enjoy, but if my tip would be to sit at a table with view of the buffet chef - you can watch them put out new dishes and run over to get them fresh.  They won't taste delicious, but at least they'll be consumed straight-from-the-oven.  I have heard that the dinner buffet is better, but for the price of champagne brunch, I expected that the food quality would suffer, so I wasn't disappointed when this came to fruition.  However, for the $30 or whatever it was, the ability to sit in a garden-of-eden-meets-Mad-Hatter-tea-party room with the sun streaming in, nibbling some food and drinking champagne was well worth the price tag.  It's a great way to spend a Sunday morning at the Wynn.  So grab a glass, settle in, and, if you really want good food, stick to the fresh-made stations like the omelets, or just go somewhere else.~desserts peach ice cream shrimp tea ~3 
La Ligne Rouge~onion rings-fried chicken~wL3yEbvQGfDsNoRm8-OYig~It's official, La ligne Rouge has officially earned the last star! I've been here almost every week when im in town and it get's better every time. I love that the food is consistent and the service is great! I am a very harsh yelper and I rarely give restaurants a five star. The consistency of the food, the satisfied feeling you get after every bite and the sadness that overwhelms your soul when the food is finished is what determines a 5 star restaurant to me! Absolutely the BEST poutine, gyro and onion rings I've eaten in my life!~onion rings ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zN84fS76IdthFyD3NJgWrw~Went for Happy Hour and was impressed with the selection of drinks and appetizers.  Right now they are running an extended happy hour through Labor Day (4-10pm).  They have a variety of mojitos and margaritas for $5.  We had the fish tacos and burger ($10 ea).  It is 2 tacos, each with a good sized piece of grilled fish and the burger comes with all the goodies, including fries.  Even though when we were there at HH on a Friday night, staff was pleasant and tentative.  A bit older crowd than some other of the  places in Scottsdale which was a nice change of pace.~appetizers tacos burger tacos burger fries ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gkkNg3I3ktZS2TKN1auYcA~Honey Bear.  What a great name. I wish I would have named my first son Honey Bear, or Cornbread J-Cool...something sick like that.  I think that's where going into labor fucks most women up.  They're all like..."Oh yeah baby, I'm down with Luciano or Vincenzo if its a boy... sooo very Italian."  That's in the nine months preceding birth.   Have a little chat with her after she delivers...it's a whole new ball game. Now it's all, "My son isn't going to have a name that sounds like some greaseball mobster, WTF is the matter with you anyway?"  Wow. I don't know how I went down that road. I WAS going to tell you about Honey Bear's but I guess I'm still pissed my first born was named Dan.   Anyway, the food here is pretty tasty. I like it because you can order meat by the pound which is all I ever do. I order eight ounces of barbecued beef, no bun and a glass of water..it's around eight bucks. The service is super fast too, consuming about fifteen minutes of your lunch hour if you wolf your shit like I do.  Their sauce is flavorful too, you'll want to slather a boatload on your beef...kind of sweet and slightly spicy...good tang.   And speaking of good tang, what better way to finish off the remainder of your lunch hour than by going to Band Aid's show lounge...just a block away on 7th and Virginia?  A lunch hour chocked with tang. The fantasy of what heights your son may have aspired to had you gotten your way...naming him Cornbread. And crop-dusting that empty cubicle with some major beef and beer farts around mid afternoon...sending that evil co-worker of yours into a catatonic funk upon her return from the ladies room.  Now that's what I'm talking about.~honey honey honey beef beef beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~224DbI1cO88WjpyNM217sQ~Roaring Fork is strangely located next to some giant business complex.  They share the same parking lot and has every space marked with 2-hour visitor parking.  Since the business closed during dinner time, guests may park freely here.  The restaurant reminds me of an upscale version of Claim Jumpers. Dark, intimate restaurant with a Western theme and open kitchen.  Menu is highly meat-centric, and ideally you bring a large appetite and/or completed a full day of hiking because portions are gigantic!  We started off with a Medjool Date Salad - interesting how dates and that fig jam works with candied walnuts.  To balance out the sweetness, they have arugula and large chunks of goat cheese.  (4 stars)  Wife got the Double Cut Pork Chop. Wood-grilled and served with an awesome squash puree. The chop was huge and had some poblano chutney on top.  I found the meat incredibly soft and juicy, almost unnaturally soft.  The wife felt some of the pork texture and taste was missing some how, and she still felt the best pork chops are served in San Francisco's Prospect. (4 stars)  For some crazy reason, I opted for the Big Ass Burger out of sheer, morbid curiosity.  I could of went for any of their other excellent-sounding entrees but the "Big Ass" just sounds so cool.  I indeed lived up to its name and was indeed big - layers of bacon, medium-rare juicy patty, tomatoes, onions, and poblano chili.  Pretty decent burger, definitely bigger but not necessarily better than some of the best burgers I've had.  Fries were super crispy and well-seasoned. (4 stars).  Clearly after that meal there was no room for dessert!~date salad fig arugula cheese pork poblano pork pork burger bacon patty poblano burger burgers fries ~4 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~3u28bH4-BsPukrTcCZRogA~What a mess. The staff doesn't know what they're doing, there is yogurt everywhere, everything was empty, and it smelled like warm sour milk. Never again unless I'm desperate for FroYo.~milk ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~FnmDDj88D3GMJDkJD5_FRw~I had dinner last night at Graze.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the look was absolutely nothing like I had expected. Do not think Gastro-pub when you go there and you will have a much better experience. It is more like the upscale, urban restaurants of San Francisco, not cozy or pub-ish at all. After I got past my initial surprise, I was extremely pleased with the rest of our experience there. The wine list was good, although I think a few more California wines would be appropriate for this type of place and the entire menu was definitely short enough to digest easily (I hate restaurants with long menus). We had the pretzel which was very good although not all that 'unique', a very nice salad (albeit slightly saltier than necessary), and a pulled pork dish. The pulled pork was definitely the highlight. They had pork done 4 ways and the mac and cheese. Yum! We also got the hickory nut pie. Delicious and very cozy food.   The view is fantastic, and the decor is nice and very urban. The window to the kitchen is a nice touch, although mostly you can only see an elevator. Would be better if you got a better view of the chefs. It is quite loud, so if this bothers you, I would suggest sitting outside. As expected, the service was impeccible. Overall, I will definitely come here again. I imagine that it will continue to improve as they get their stride.~salad pulled pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~vTbwoM3705dy8JIxyixOGg~I came here for happy hour and left a happy camper. Everything on the menu sounded great and we finally decided on the queso con carnitas and the big ass burger. The appetizer was very flavorful the only thing I didn't like is that there was more meat than queso so it was kind of hard to eat. The big ass burger was the best burger I have ever had. It came with chipotle mayo that wasn't very flavorful but the burger didn't need anything added on to it. The meat was amazing and melted in your mouth. I ate half of the burger and was full for the rest of the night.~carnitas burger burger burger burger burger ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~RMdSn82fKXAkJfKE0LUGkw~Almost Bliss/reTHINK Landscaping  I left Seattle for multiple reasons. One was the horrid parking situation. Sure, I've spent 30 years in Phoenix, where parking is (mostly) not only abundant, but *gasp* free! When I was given an invite to an anniversary party at Bliss/reBAR, and the website, itself, boasts about parking on the street or at a closed place next door, I was not very optimistic. Parking is something I want to be the least of my concerns when trying out a new place.  Thankfully, I did find some parking on the street, but then again, I arrived at 5:59PM on a Saturday. As the night crept on, it appears any later, it would've been a problem. So - get there early.  The place itself was rather dead - it's a weekend night and this is supposed to be a faddish place? - so I found my party easy, even though the 5-6 employees at the "Please Wait To Be Seated" desk were smiling and helpful. (On a side note, even though there were 4-5 too many staff members hanging out, the empty tables and bar seats outnumbered them 5 to 1.)  Now...at the party, or a long outdoor section alongside the Garfield street side, the dcor and arrangements seemed very nice and comfortable. For my friend's 15th Anniversary, they even doctored a picture of them and honored them with well wishes on every table. That was nice.  One very pleasant cocktail waitress brought by multiples of half-sliders, half-grilled cheese sandwiches, half-fried sausage ravioli, mini-coconut chicken tenders and shrimp. All of that was WONDERFUL with the best being the shrimp and ravioli. We were generously given two drink tickets by the host, and we had to get our drinks at the outdoor extremely well decorated bar. No real criticism on the bartender - he did his job, was moderately quick, but just not the friendliest or approachable guy. He was just there.  Inside the bar, it was adequate. The ambiance was okay. Not inviting, but not standoffish. Middle of the road. Amazingly, and unbeknownst to me, towards the beginning of the night the few tables inside had chairs but as the evening grew, they were promptly taken by the staff one-by-one. People had to stand and they were served food. I like to sit at a nice place when I eat. Just me? Maybe it was for more space for more people to pile in, though there wasn't enough evidence for me - again on a Saturday night - that this place gets busy. And speaking of more space...  With three adjoining empty lots and three more within walking distance, there's no excuse for no parking lot. Even if that was out of the question - why? I don't have a clue - the original idea should've been to occupy a larger and vacant plot nearby. Heck, maybe they'd have room for *gulp* two bathrooms!  Oh, and I don't know the general rule about "chic" places, but ONE bathroom? Personally, I prefer privacy and not really into the whole idea of the opposite sex wandering around inside the bathroom. Heck, when I was in there, the only two other occupants were female and oddly, they seemed to want to hang out. No, they didn't appear to know each other, they were just standing around. Hmmm. My impression, this was supposed to be a gay-friendly establishment and if they thought something different - especially from me, they're barking up the wrong tree.  This was my first experience with a unisex bathroom, and dear God, I hope it's the last.  Overall, the food was great, the setting was comfortable and the one cocktail waitress was friendly. Sadly, the parking situation, or lack thereof, the lazy one bathroom situation and the terrible neighborhood - oh, yeah, it's located 2 notches from the ghetto, gives me a dead even 3/5 stars and sadly, I probably wouldn't have any reason to return unless someone else drives or I happen to move downtown. Within two blocks. Max.~cheese sandwiches sausage coconut chicken shrimp shrimp ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~uL0scuJF-05pEDp7w4-wbg~Everything they have said about the Graze burger is true. It is worth it :)~burger ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~fq4sLtLFlev2ifq1tbBIZg~Bottom Line: Food is mediocre despite nice ambience and service  Food lacks flavor. It's as simple as that. There is nothing about the food that makes you want to come back...even for bar food. All of the dishes lack flavor. They look pretty on the plate but the flavors are not there. The calamari is dry and flavorless. The wings come dry without sauce; you have to ask them to "toss the wings in sauce" to  get what is normal wings(wet wings drizzling in sauce) anywhere else. If you don't ask that, they serve fried chicken with dipping sauces, sorry I can get that at KFC not at a supposed premium bar. The salads taste wilted and the dressings seem to lack flavor. The beer was mediocre. The menu is entirely too large.  This place is a hit because of it's location and it's  atmosphere. It's an upscale sports bar resembling the Yard House  so a lot of people like to come here to have comfortable seating, nice service and nice tv's. But the food was very disappointing and if you care about what you eat, look elsewhere.~fried chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Eyv6km3dIjv3fkbf5hBu8Q~Got there early.. frankly speaking only reason we got here early is because we didnt even sleep and were still on the tables playing since the night before.  We had coupon for buy one get one free so the day already started on a well note.  No one was in line when we walked there so we were seated quickly.  Well it's a breakfast buffet so there is only so much of everything you can serve. They had eggs, sausage, patties, bacon, waffles, pancakes etc... you know all the yummy stuff anyone can serve during breakfast.  Had me some coffee and OJ and the waiter was prompt.  Clean and bright which is good for us at the time.  Will definitely eat here again when I am too lazy to leave the strip.~sausage bacon pancakes coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mGGYEZkCAYNAfc1z-ljwFQ~Happy hour was hopping today, unlike last week.  Bartender Ryan wasn't there, but no worries, as Stefan was just as able and gracious.  I selected the cab to go with the RF "Big Ass Burger," even though I wanted to try the zin.  Did I choose wrong?  I'll try the zin next time.  Since I enjoyed the chile-pistachio bread last week, I asked if I could have the commercially-made burger bun swapped out with the new-recipe chile-pecan bread.  No problem.  Ordered it medium, no pickles.  By the time I had thought to take photos of the burger (I was starving so I dug right in!), the scene was a mess!  From the very first slice, the longhorn cheddar-topped patty crumbled into many pieces- I kept wishing I had a spoon to scoop them up!  No matter, as it was still a wonderful meal- loved the smoked bacon, and the chipotle mayo worked well both as a burger condiment and as a dip for the wonderfully crisp and seasoned fries (see photos).  If only there are more happy hour meal selections (only two, excluding the salads) for me to enjoy.  Guess I'll be forced to try the Huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise and vanilla bean ice cream next time... woe is me ;)~burger burger pickles burger patty bacon burger fries salads ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Y7dcZcGAQIh1vcBDXG2yvw~Great spot for brunch in downtown Madison. Can't beat the view. A number of high quality options for brunch, and food is always fresh. Limited selection of options for dinner, although their cheese curds are some of the best in town. Brunch preferences are the eggs benedict, corn beef hash, seasonal scrambler, or burrito.~cheese eggs benedict corn beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~wctdQRIOmdHsK8yMl2ldag~Oh crap, I hate, hate writing mediocre reviews when everyone else writes great reviews. So I'm going positive first:  The service was GREAT! Well, the waitstaff. I'll start from the beginning: We just got back from Wet 'n Wild where I mentioned, if you read that review, I didn't bring a hairbrush much less took a shower.  We decided to visit Roaring Fork as it's on my husband's burger list and we rarely get this far north. So we drive down Scottsdale road and surprised to find it in an office building.   We walk in looking like crap with our messy boys and we are completely ignored by the two hostesses who are engaged in conversation with an older gentleman. So we walk around the restaurant and decide to go back to the hostess and see if we need to be seated. So I rudely interrupted their deep conversation and ask if they need to seat us. One of them said yes, if you are eating dinner or you can seat yourself if you want the happy hour in the bar or patio. We said we'll do the happy hour.  We went t to the patio which on this 108* day into evening was wonderful. The decor was so nice I wish my home patio looked so good and the misters were great even though by the end of the evening I was soaked. The waiter was very attentive and made a great beer suggestion. We ordered  the Big Ass Burgers for $9 and an order of Guacamole and the boys ordered mac & cheese.   The Guac was amazing, perfect with big chunks of avocado and onion, chip were fresh. The beer was served with chilled, small glasses - great presentation.   The burgers were HUGE, I didn't think for $9 you would really get a HUGE burger and Fries but you do. The burger looks great, super thick cooked to order with thick bacon, cheddar, tomato, poblano chile, nice lettuce, tons of pickles with an aioli on the side. What could be wrong?   Hmmm, I bite, chew, swallow, add aioli, bite, add salt. Just can not get any flavor from the meat.  This burger should be amazing. The bread is a really generic, white seeded bun so I get rid of it and used a fork and knife. Just no flavor so I both my husband and I only ate half of our burgers. The waitstaff seemed confused by our full plates but it just wasn't great and not worth the cholesterol or calories. The boys were happy with the mac & cheese and ate most of our fries. The guac and beer were great! And the service, except the host staff, was truly wonderful.    We would probably go back as we liked the ambiance and give it another try hopefully just an off night. Total for two beers, guacamole, mac & cheese x2, burgers x2 was only $45.~burger burgers cheese avocado onion burgers burger fries burger bacon tomato poblano lettuce pickles burger white burgers cheese fries cheese burgers ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~bXv5HJaQantg1KM8CPQH5w~I had the Steel City Lobster Roll, and it was ok. The fries were soggy and their weren't any vegetables really in it, so there was no crunch. I could only taste the lobster and the bisque, which was pretty bland. Also, my girlfriend has Celiac, so don't go there if you can't have gluten, because they leech the flavor out of everything. The service was amazing though and the Bloody Mary was one of the best in the city according to my girlfriend.~lobster roll fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~T1Cc5nHyJIyoU2_RLj_wkQ~Graze has over time become my favorite restaurant in Madison. Not just for the delicious food, but for the exceptional service and ambiance. I started going to graze just for lunch/brunch but after a while I figured I  would try dinner. Their drink menu is superb, I love how they use fresh herbs and update it regularly. They also update their dinner menu a few times a year so it's fun to try what's new. I've never been disappointed after eating here. I appreciate their use of local ingredients and love that they support Wisconsin farmers. I highly recommend it!! (Oh, and best cheese curds in madison...yep I went there!)~cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~vFnSH-3jG79sgOHGBRYglg~Oh my ... I just had my first experience here at the dinner buffet.  This has to be the best buffet I've had so far in Vegas. I've been to Bellagio, Paris, and Spice Market. The decor is alot more elegant and brighter.  I used to think Bellagio was the best but my latest trip wasn't so great. I don't  remember the exact cost, but the Wynn price came out to a few dollars cheaper even. And the food ...  That is the best Chilean sea bass I've had at a buffet. It was so moist and tender.  The herb crusted salmon wasn't bad either. Flaky and moist as well. The rest of the food is the typical buffet fare. Their shrimp cocktail is noticeably larger than any other place I've been. They differentiate a little with their various ceviche, salads, and their coconut flavor and pineapple flavor ice cream which was a delight.  The thing that did damper my experience was the waitress. She seemed to have disappeared during her shift so I never got any refills of my drink. The waitress finally returned during our dessert to bring tea/coffee. I pretty sure this is an isolated incident however.~salmon shrimp ceviche salads coconut pineapple ice cream tea coffee ~4 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~Gnyxk-5uALecyV9Wc3oAVA~Been eating here for several years now. Not that it was fantastic food, more because L&L is a few more miles down the road in centennial.  Lately, their quality of food and service have gone significantly down.  I was born and raised in hawaii and i know authentic hawaiian bbq.  The owner has hired mexicans to work the register and cook to save a few bucks.  How on earth does a mexican know about hawaiian food? I would never call myself an excellent authentic mexican cook if i never spent a lifetime experiencing their culture.  But then, i looked at the owner and he is a "FOB" (FRESH OFF THE BOAT) asian that probably has no idea what true hawaiian culture is anyway.  Long story short, because the mexican help had trouble with my order they screwed up on it. I'm not saying that she did it on purpose, what i'm saying is the message got lost in translation.  However their service recovery sucked ass and implied the error was by the consumer. Same thing with the manager, and especially with the fob owner. Simple math could have solved the problem.  The food isn't bad, but the customer should never feel cheated after attempting a resolution. Drive the extra couple of miles to L&L in centennial, you will thank me later.  One last thing, if you were the fob owner, why would you really hire mexicans at your hawaiian bbq?  The only answer i can think of is to save money.  His chicken katsu is smaller, his mahi plates are smaller in portions. It is reasonable to believe, he is dying financially and is on survival mode.  Good luck to renewing your lease and spending all your life savings.~chicken ~1 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~4wsLE3fv9dr2BHbHC51Gig~5 stars purely because of the cult power and following of this place. Its an institution, most of the food is good but steer clear of any of the curries which are too oily because they may not be fresh. Opt for anything that is cream based (such as the butter of Kashmiri chicken). It's also a great place to hang out for some Chai and Pakoras or Samosas which are quite delicious.~butter chicken pakoras ~5 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~eGATQoImdHOO6_A0tepo6g~Decided it was time for a half-pound burger, had their bacon burger which was very good.  Not a real fan of the ambience and might stop by here on occasion.~burger bacon burger ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~7-Fdkgxd0Ld6QdMuXJp4jQ~Honey bears is damn good food.  Don't expect anything fancy, just some of the best dang meats and sides you can get in Phoenix.  Highly recommend the chicken or brisket and you can't go wrong with the Mac and cheese or cowbro beans.~honey chicken mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~vGqQGS3CsqKBD7z0Ta0KCQ~OMG what happened to this place?  We hadn't been here in awhile, but the brisket was overcooked and soupy.  The links had no taste except were very spicy.  If the brisket at Dallas and Austin airports rate an 8, then this is a definite one or two.  They say your first instincts are best; we first went into the Philly sub place next door that had Coke products and walked out.  Instead we had overcooked, tasteless brisket and RC soda and spent $30 for two.  I was even going save some for the dogs, but I wouldnt have enough padding for the explosion that would cause.   Thank God I have a good cigar to get the taste out!!!~coke ~1 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~JCxDI6rfWGiNB98aPGMrww~Really overpriced.   Without the view, this restaurant would not make it.  I don't mind paying for an expensive meal, but it was barely above average.  My wife ordered salmon cooked well and it was raw in the middle.   My rib eye was over $50 and it was very average with a lot of extra fat.   Table of 8 and too noisy to talk across to the other side of the  table.   Go for one very expensive drink at sunset and then find another restaurant for dinner.~salmon ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6p65cIk7iwufzbHqWYAcNQ~You can't go wrong with what you order, but at least once you have to try their "Big Ass Burger". What more can you say when ordering a "Big Ass Burger".  An enormous juicy seasoned all meat patty stacked high garnished with the freshest tomato, lettuce and onion with optional bacon, cheese and  a hot pepper on a toasted bun. It is served with fresh cut french fries. You can also substitute with their famous green chili macaroni and cheese. It is such a hit item on the happy hour menu, that they added it to the main dining room menu.  The bar fills up so fast so early so you still have the option to order the burger in the dining room.  If you get a chance to sit at the bar you can try the homemade beef jerky while you wait.~burger burger patty tomato lettuce onion bacon cheese french fries ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~bviZWgEb1xjsMBtUutwxWQ~Ohhhhhh yeahhhh!! Now THIS is the real deal, none of that artificial stuff you get at other places (New York Fries Butter Chicken anyone?) I came here with a rather large group, probably about 15 of us? Yeah, we couldn't all sit down but nobody cared because the food was just mmm mmm good. The service was quick and friendly, and the place was small but cozy. The place kind of has a Chinese Fast Food Restaurant feel to it, except with much yummier food.  The nahn bread was huge!  The butter chicken was delish, and they even had those orange thingies.... the super sweet desserts that kind of look like little funnel cakes, THAT got me excited, not because of the sugar high, but because they're not that easy to find in Toronto if you don't know where to look, and especially if you don't know what they're called. I always called it "that-super-sweet-swiggly-orange-thing-that-tastes-like-honey!" I got my first taste at my Indian friend's wedding (home-cooked indian food ftw) and have been hooked ever since. I also like that you can actually see your food before they scoop it on to your plate.~fries butter chicken butter chicken desserts honey ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~J98xyEeiM-cYtSnwkHeprA~We had an awesome lunch here today. We had the Lobster Bisque Fries and a Bloody Mary (reported to be a couple of their specialties) and they were both extremely good. We also had the lunch special Sockeye salmon (my husband had it blackened and I had the sweet soy) and we both loved it. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Our server, Brett, was super nice and personable and we had a great time! We will definitely be going back for dinner soon!~fries salmon salmon ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~X3sox-pfzzZGwQgV50PDgw~Always a great job! Chef McGrath designed an outstanding menu and I am so glad they kept their core dishes like the Big Ass Burger and Green Chili Mac and Cheese! Staff is outstanding and fantastic service! This is how I wanted to celebrate my 7th cancer free year with my family.~burger mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~LD-_8elbevTL1dxxMgPNsA~I used to love this place. The service was always so-so but the food rocked. Today I was running late downtown and starving. I stopped at 2:10 pm. I was not happy. My chicken was semi- warm. My fries were burnt so bad they crunched. If I wasn't in a hurry I would of asked to have new ones. All of this cost $11.36 with drink. Man what a let down. I am ok with cost if I get a good meal but this wasn't even close. Yuck! I hope this is just a fluke.~chicken fries ~2 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~-mvIUYRx7pK_0Kiy5uZ-kQ~Recommended by Sheraton hotel staff this was a welcome surprise. The BBQ was awesome , i had the chopped beef and it was great. The BBQ sauce was awesome, and the service was very friendly. A definite place to visit when in Pheonix~beef ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~RfJzwXnYwNfzbuo0Eusevg~Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Good.  If I didnt believe 5 starts gets overused, id do it.  I had ZERO complaints.  We went for Happy hour and had Tortilla Soup, Kettle Green Chile Pork and the Big Ass Burger along with a couple Arnold Palmers.  All for under Awesome food, all of it;...the pork is the shining star here.  Service was great!  Great waitress, and supporting staff as well.  Will be back soon no doubt.~soup pork burger pork ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nJ6SW47GBufJu7vYJJY1iA~The only dish that was really good was the kettle of green chile pork (four stars).  Everything else was average.   Tried the fondue.  When you dip anything in cheese, it should be good.  I've had much better.  I ordered the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon, it was way too salty and had too much bacon that overpowered the dish.  Everyone that tried a bite said if was very "strong".  My husband got the halibut special, it was a little dry.  Friend got the fried chicken, she thought it was ok.  Fried chicken should be golden brown and this was a little over fried.  Other friend ordered the filet mignon medium....came out well done but she said it had a nice flavor even though it was over cooked.  Overall, was expecting more from this place.~pork cheese pork bacon bacon fried chicken ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~zi114HUbE26lkLqI5IhCgw~Las Vegas BUFFET must!   Although i wasn't THAT hungry, i still stuffed my face.  Seafood area is good...the crab legs are a shoo in! That's what getting the 4 stars. Prime rib is pretty good.  The have "world" stations... I pretty much stuck to the basics, everything i knew i was going to eat. Although did try a few new things, so don't hate and say i didn't; the sea bass was dry and so was this Indian chicken--ehh, no bueno. The saut asparagus was hard and burn-y.  Dessert station was pretty good, i had a crepe made, it was okay--the lady sprayed on like half a can of PAM. bleh. The have small cute desserts in sample portions, which is smart! you can try as much as you want.  Coffee ice cream tasted grainy, the chocolate ice cream was far too rich. They could have had a bigger station for fresh fruit.   I would recommend coming here with a full on appetite--you'll know you're getting your money's worth with you have more than 5 plates and +3 desserts!  Get your drank on!~chicken asparagus desserts coffee ice cream ice cream desserts ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~D4U7BP-9L9JC_PIE5XDp1w~Stopped in at Graze for a quick lunch on my way to Devil's Lake State Park. I know L'Etoile gets all the praise but the restaurant is only open for dinner..  I was a little surprised (and skeptical) that the menu had so many Asian-inspired dishes but ordered an assortment to "graze" on anyways. Tried the pork buns, cheese curds, pretzel, and bibimbap.   The pork buns were unimpressive. The buns were a little too steamy at wet and the pork belly was just okay. I will definitely reserve my pork bun ordering for a Chinese restaurant. The cheese curds were good but I'd still prefer the curds from the WI State Fair any day. The pretzel was decent but the real star would have to be the assorted dipping sauces -- several types of mustard and cheese. As for the bibimbap (the dish I was most skeptical about).. it was actually pretty darn good. It contained Korean BBQ pork, a generous portion of assorted veggies (which I appreciated), and an egg. BUT the best part of the bowl were the surprise little cubes of crispy rice. It added a nice touch of crispiness that I've never before experienced in a bowl of bibimbap. Definitely a pleasant surprise.~pork cheese pork pork pork cheese cheese bbq pork ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~2uaOMdq4yNQtQsePhW-tLw~I'm not a buffet person. In fact, I don't usually seek them out (with the exception of an occasional visit to my local neighborhood soup plantation). Moreover, I'm typically the person who shoots down the suggestion. However, my group of nine were recovering from hangovers and dying of hunger at the Encore Beach club. After a night of binge drinking, we could definitely use a banquet style buffet. Which is exactly what was provided by The Wynn.   Price - It's about $40 per person. Pricey for say a buffet, but really, I thought the food was really good. Roll the highlight wheel:   - Eggs Benedict was delish  - Pork sliders with slaw on cornbread  - Prime Rib  - Prosciutto and cheese station  - Omelet station  - Coffee Ice Cream - actually all the desserts were really delish  - Raw bar   I didn't care for the Sushi bar or any of the quiche. And I love quiche. But I just wasn't crazy about it. They're regular breakfast stuff wasn't that great either. But overall, I would definitely recommend this buffet and would definitely go back.~soup eggs benedict pork cheese coffee ice cream desserts sushi ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~0cXfPxX_7s-Yl_7DFOOcyw~Two words: Cheese Curds! The BEST in Madison... Vodka battered, cooked to perfection and served with a delicious ranch.  If you go there! Get them! Service was also great and even though we sat in a corner spot, the ambiance and view was amazing!~cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~njquc2e1v0hTfPHpstn4sA~I am still thinking about the miso-glazed salmon, and we dined there four days ago . . .   I am the kind of person who bases my reviews of a restaurant not only on the food, but the ambiance, and pretty much weigh them equally when determining my rating. Elements satisfied both those categories and more.   Just driving up to the Sanctuary where you are greeted by friendly valets makes you feel special. They ask if you have been there before and wish you a great time, telling you you'll have a special evening. Maybe that puts everyone in a positive frame of mind to begin with. The restaurant itself is striking. We arrived just as the sun was setting. We walked out on the deck/patio and watched for a few minutes. At the same time we were able to see the spectacular pool and grounds of the resort as well as the lively goings on on the deck. Everyone looked like they were having the best time! This is definitely the place to go for just drinks!   We made our reservation with Open Table. When Elements called to confirm, I asked for a booth with a great view, and that is exactly what we received. Our waiter was enthusiastic, but not over the top. We asked a lot of questions about menu items and he offered his suggestions. He was patient with my needing more time to decide, and he was not confounded when I asked him which entree was a better choice, when clearly I asked him to compare apples and oranges. Usually, I get the answer, "which do you prefer, beef or fish?" I like a waiter who is confident in manner and trusts that in either instance I will have a great meal so he's not afraid to give a direct answer.   On to the food . . . hubby had the Island Creek oysters and the elemental soup which was lobster bisque with corn. He thought the oysters were just perfect and the soup, which he didn't even offer me a spoonful, perfection. My cousin had the spinach and frisee salad, which she thought was so clean and fresh. I ordered the dungeness crab and spinach hot pie for the table to share. It came with perfectly seasoned taro chips. The "hot pie" was rich and creamy. One bite would cover Weight Watchers points for an entire day! Needless to say, we scooped up every bite with the taro chips and then used the spoon to polish off every last bit of it!   Hubby had the bacon wrapped filet of beef with garlic mash, blue cheese, balsamic onions, merlot demi glace. I did get a bite of his filet, and it melted in my mouth. Hubby said the combined flavors of the beef with the garlic, blue cheese and balsamic onions were superb. My cousin had the duck. She had a hard time making up her mind, but said that she definitely made the right choice. She was so happy. I can't speak to the dish myself since I didn't have a taste. I ordered the miso glazed organic salmon with skillet roasted vegetables, somen noodles, toasted coriander. I generally do not order salmon in restaurants as my hubby makes the best salmon around, but since our waiter said that they were known for this dish, I went for it. Wow! Perfectly cooked (I think this might be a first for a restaurant in my experience)! It far surpassed hubby's version (sorry :( ) Everything about this dish was top notch. As I said above . . . I'm still savoring it in my mind.   We opted to skip dessert, but they brought the check with three warm 5-spice chocolate chip cookies. Yum!   Elements is now at the top of my list for special occasions, and maybe less than special occasions. Do I really have to wait for another special occasion to go back? Oh, my birthday is in three weeks!!! You'll see me there!~miso salmon oranges beef soup corn soup spinach salad spinach pie taro chips pie taro chips bacon beef garlic cheese beef garlic cheese miso salmon salmon salmon chocolate chip cookies ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~f7s4G4_8XbtM4EdTq2_j_Q~PROS: Interesting local-fusion concept, cute interior, decent prices and portions CONS: ?  Funny walking in, ordering the vegetarian bibimbap, and observing that all the fancily-dressed women from different tables ordered exactly the same thing! BBB IS IN! This spot is hip, cute, packed with a lot of young urbanites and...slightly yuppy?  I thoroughly enjoyed the chef's choice cheese platter appetizer that we ordered, as well as my non-classic Graze-ian bibimbap, which had little crispy cubes of rice -- rather interesting and innovative take on achieving the clay-pot crispy rice feel of traditional Korean bibimbap. I look forward to coming back!~cheese ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~o3WqQ61pzY7XhV5Ofo92lQ~We got the groupon which equalled a 50% discount. Good deal right? Sure, but when it came time to choose sides, they had some bullshit rules so you can only get 3 different sides even though they're giving you 6 total large and small containers. Why? Stupid policy, especially for an introductory offer.   The staff is rude, uppity, and difficult to understand. The cashier seemed like a very unhappy person and made ordering a chore. I mean really, how hard is it to stay in mac n cheese. And if we cant choose sweet potato fries as a side, then don't call it a side. But what I really thought was classy was when we picked up our food after our number was blurted out. Three employees stood there and ignored us as we checked our order and made our way out of the "restaurant."  The food would have to be ambrosia for us to make the trek here again. And it wasn't. The food was ok. I will never go back to this location. Period. May try the Tempe location but will stick with Lucille's. Sorry I strayed girl.  ***Thank you Anna for the professional response. I appreciate that.~cheese sweet potato ~2 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~EqXB-WXTM4Z7os7v290hfQ~Oven + Vine is a fabulous new addition to the Phoenix dining scene.  It's tucked away in a renovated 1940's house, and totally worth seeking out... I did so last weekend on a date night with my husband and we had a lovely meal.  They don't take reservations, so I was nervous that on a Saturday night, there would be a wait... Luckily, that wasn't the case.  We were welcomed by several staff members and told to sit down where ever we wanted.  I loved the warm but casual vibe.    Austin was our server and was attentive and patient as we mulled over the menu and decided what to order... We ended up staring off with a bottle of the "Force of Nature" red wine and put in an order for the burrata, roasted mushrooms, and seasonal vegetable starters.  It was a gorgeous evening, so we took our glasses of wine outside and played a few games of cornhole before the food arrived.  (I won by the way!)  Love that they have a gorgeous patio, bar, lawn games, etc...  We then headed back in and enjoyed all of our starters and then ended up ordering the Green Chili Chicken with potatoes as an entree to share.  It's worth noting that the burrata, mushrooms, and chicken all come with bread, and the bread is homemade and very addictive.  Needless to say we had more than enough food!  We look forward to returning to this moderately priced, locally owned establishment, perhaps for brunch or lunch sometime.  Or even just for a charcuterie board, bottle of wine, and another game of cornhole!~date mushrooms chicken mushrooms chicken ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~5hXkIhkhibP2ePpw-HRAcQ~I chose Elements for my birthday because it was rated one of 50 restaurants with the best views in the world.  We set our reservation for 5:15 so not to miss the sunset.  We were a party of 5.  Our menus were customized with the birthday celebrants, which added a nice touch to our experience.  First and foremost, we had the best service!  It was so amazing that I told the manager upon leaving how great it was.    Here's what we ordered: Blistered shishito peppers Foie gras panna cotta Maine lobster udon Miso glazed salmon Kurobuta pork chop Hoisin braised short ribs Salted caramel cheesecake S'mores  AMAZING!!!!!!!!!~miso salmon pork ribs caramel ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~cDFlr8McPr58vz7GLz94Dg~This was my second visit. They hit all the right notes. Sunset and view lived up to my expectations. Our server was spot on. Everyone thought the meal was great. I had fresh  cold oysters. We had Sea Bass, filet mignon, and salmon. All perfectly prepared and plated. Was an elegant evening.~salmon ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5FkyHcFprq6X-Z6tJ4Wd6g~We came for dinner around 4-5pm and didn't have to wait :)  Not sure if I like the decor...was hoping for a more grand feel rather than a tea party theme....Felt like I was in the Bahamas...maybe would have been better for breakfast...  The crab legs were delicious!  As was the caesar salad - you can add more lettuce should you find there's too much dressing in the premixed!  The pasta was also quite yums and the lambchops too!  Its quite a spectacular buffet.  A little disappointed in the desserts -  was hoping for some yummy ice cream (used to the wide variety of flavours found at Chinese buffets in Toronto).  Dessert @ Spice Market was better - but sadly, who can really eat dessert after all that food?~tea salad lettuce pasta desserts ice cream ~3 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~USEmM4TYe3ATD2aJw85VMg~I went here with a friend because she couldn't stop raving about the salad and roasted veggies. I ended up ordering the margarita flat bread. It was so good I finished it all!  We also ordered the chocolate torte for dessert. Words couldn't describe how good it tasted! It was a smooth texture with the perfect volume of chocolate flavor.  Everything was plus except for the noise level.  It was hard to hear the person across the table.  You get use to it after a while.~salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~7mgGlOUyrYya9ZTmax9LPA~Been wanting to try this and it is pretty darn good!!  I had the Bibimbap and wifey had the Signature Grave burger. Both outstanding. Would happily eat both again. Service was great too.  Only downside was the drinks. Had a craft cocktail and wasn't thrilled with it. Next time I might be as adventurous in that dept.   It's worth a trip here~burger ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VdimmuKGaX0HY5Imdf8Spw~Best Happy Hour in town!! The Green Pork Chili with the Hot Buttered Tortillas is quintessential Southwestern eating.  And the Huckleberry Margaritas are a must...$5 at HH!  The best deal is the Big Ass Burger, enough for two.    Sunday and Monday are the best days to go because it's all day Happy Hour so no crazy crowds!~pork tortillas burger ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~aGwesWM3BCK6qpMTbsIfLw~Had a wonderful lunch here with GREAT cocktails. The atmosphere is serene, service nice and my salad was fresh and light. Can't wait it try dinner!~salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~RrJQ98DeGNQkM0yvtI-YXQ~Peaceful, beautiful setting.  Great staff.  Totally delicious.  Inventive, locally sourced, healthy - yum!  Has everything you could want including the best cheese curds and fried pickles.  Best food in Madison!~cheese fried pickles ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~zFvAPuUzX3eBHAnLy7M3fA~I wanted to like this place...it's not far from my work, it's a cool, huge, space, and one time a guy with a lobster megaphone heckled me as I got into my car after work and it was kind of endearing.  Also, I'm a huge fan of all food under the sea.  But it just hasn't quite figured out what it wants to be.    The premade caesar salad, fresh out of the cooler with the dressing on the side, and the servers in shorts and sneakers makes it seem like a casual bar place (no liquor license though...be warned!  Bring your own, or they'll let you bring something from across the street).    The prices of the (limited) entrees (all over $20) and the super-over-attentive service makes it seem like it's aiming for fine dining.  And then there's the loud top 40 music and the big projection on the wall of music trivia, like you're watching the comcast "today's hits" music channel, which makes it seem like a nightclub.  Yeah, I'm baffled.  The fish entrees were fresh and delicious (although portions were too much...maybe cut the price AND the size?) and we had some incredible cheesecake.  Everyone was so nice and the place was so empty and really, I'd love for them to succeed.  But unfortunately, I don't think I'll be going back.~salad ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~mOXvmR4tZ3sYz89w8LdBbg~We splurged and decided to try Graze after wandering around the square in search of somewhere to eat on Saturday night. It was a 15 minute wait to eat outside, but we sat down immediately inside -- really exciting, as I was ravenous.  Our waitress brought water right away, and returned shortly to ask about drinks. They have a variety of options, which of course completely overwhelmed me, but I went with a ginger martini and my friend with a beer (both pretty reasonably priced). They have wine on tap, which is interesting -- I'll definitely try that next time.  My friend got the Graze burger and fries, and I got macaroni and cheese with pulled pork.  Pulled pork usually doesn't do it for me, but I branched out and tried it. Usually, after awhile, every plate of food coming towards our table gets my hungry hopes up as I wonder where my food is; at Graze, our food came before I even started looking for it. The dish small (expected, as it is an appetizer), but perfectly filling. Made with Hooks 10 year cheddar, the noodles were covered in liquidy cheesy goodness. With the tender pulled pork on top, it was very hard not to inhale it. I love cheese, and you could tell that it was really good cheese. One thing -- it was slightly, just a little bit, maybe too salty. I don't know if it came from the meat or the cheese, and it didn't stop me from eating every last noodle, but it did cross my mind.  We didn't get dessert (unfortunately), but our waitress did not make us feel rushed in any way. As a waitress, I know table-lingerers suck, especially when the bill isn't very expensive. She just refilled our waters and smiled.  I love the big windows and the bar area.~ginger burger fries macaroni and cheese ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~aUYFdcJMej1jgMPdBg1SZQ~Love, love, love this place!  We went there on sunday 3.30 PM, crowded. Met Luke's father while we wait to be seated. He let us in (me and my daughters) so we could sit in front of this beautiful fish tank and enjoyed the view.  Drew, our server, was very very friendly and attentive. Apparently he likes the same band as my husband does. After knowing this fact, they talked as if they were a long lost brother. Lol.  We had lobster bisque fries, perfect! Salmon sashimi and oysters, fresh! And oh my god their steel city lobster roll, was insane! To my taste, it was even more delicious than the infamous lobster roll in lobster shack.  Would definitely be back here! Will have to try their sushi and desserts!~fries salmon lobster roll lobster roll sushi desserts ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~lz_CKtGQdx09oFXH9UHPtw~Amazing service! The only thing that was better was the perfect meal and experience. You must try the strip steak. Off the charts.~steak ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZVXUayw24KMa9jTAFKC1CQ~My wife had a delicious waffle as part of their take on chicken and waffles. This was by far the best waffle I've had state side. My Mac and cheese was good. For appetizers we had tasty fried cheese curds. Their deviled eggs were ok. I like my yolkes thick with a bit of chunk, these were smooth. Not what I was looking for but for $3 they were pretty good. The price vs food quality, atmosphere, and service ratio was great and earned these folks a 4. Their outdoor patio overlooking the capitol didn't hurt either.~waffle chicken and waffles waffle mac and cheese ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~GtYL1j5hV0zWGqn6iQCv2g~Jumbo bay shrimp appetizer - YES California roll - not so much Ahi Tuna, wasabi mashed potatoes and asparagus - Yep Crab stuffed salmon, country potatoes and baby bok choy - Yes  Table chat with Robert Wholey - loved it Owner Luke stopped by the table to see how our experience was - much appreciated  Waitress service - below par  Decor a little eclectic, but somehow doesn't work.~shrimp california roll tuna asparagus salmon ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~kAYYuA4VA5Ch6PBgFKfZPQ~As advertised: fresh and very good. Roasted vegetable app was prepared well. Vegetables crisp and well seasoned. Aoli was excellently tart to accentuate the veggies. Bibimbop was great. Fried rice stop were a nice modification and provided a good crunch along with the veggies. I got the spicy pork which added a nice heat. Will come back when in town again!~fried rice pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~f9awwOu-8Vm-PQrsY6fJlQ~Grab your AARP card before grabbing a bite at the RF. We used to frequent the RF previous to McGrath selling it. Back so far to the original on Camelback. I miss the RF back in the day. Now the happy hour crowd is blue haired snow birds eating free bread & yapping relentlessly about politics & foods they can't eat anymore. The food portions are smaller & bland (minus the Big ASS burger). The martini glasses are a joke in size and the service sitting at the bar was SLOW. If I were a day older I'm afraid I'd die just waiting for the food. Very disappointed from start to finish. We miss you at the RF Robert. Insert sad faces all around.~burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~uLy29dh-4GFz-RylBeYZWg~Two words: Pub.Burger. And truffle popcorn. Okay...five words. These are my favorites - and the things I've had most often at Graze. But I've also been there with friends who've raved about the chicken and waffles and the bibimbop and the mussels. It's one of those places where you always have entree envy - even though what's on your own plate is perfectly wonderful.  I also love the ambience at Graze - led by that breathtaking view of the capitol. It's gorgeous in winter, when it gets dark early and the leaves are off the trees - so you see it in all its lit-up glory. And just as pretty in the golden twilight of summer, sipping a craft cocktail and dining al fresco.   It's one of my favorite late-night spots, too. Many's the time I've had a cocktail and curds after a show at the Bartell. They always taste sssooooooo good.   What else? Oh, yes - the service is always great. I've never encountered a server who wasn't totally on his or her game. They're attentive and friendly - and they know the menu. You can't ask for more than that.  Graze is always a place I enjoy returning to.~popcorn chicken and waffles ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~n7tMZjqu3pmHwt724EbZyg~Full disclosure - I usually do not take the time to write reviews.   But this was a Yelp classic.  We hit the Roaring Fork happy hour and sat outdoors on the patio. (Note:  The patio is first-come-first served.  We waited about 10 minutes)   I followed the recommendations to the letter - Signature Margarita, Green Chile Pork (with yummy tortillas) and Big Ass Burger.  Then I went off the reservation and had a Guava Mojito (yes, that is correct.)  Everything was fantastic.  Two of use ate and drank freely for under $40!    Next time we are going to eat indoors - because just as we were leaving they brought out a 20 oz. bone-in rib-eye to the table next to us.  It looked fantastic and had a mountain of asparagus on the side.   We found this place on Yelp, followed the Foodie instructions, and it was a home-run.  We visit Scottsdale about 5 times and year and this will be new stop on the tour.~pork tortillas burger guava asparagus ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JnH-h8uxf0r0XdJuIvKDAQ~There are a few things that should not be in a buffet.  Fish, for example, tastes horrible at a buffet.  Barbecued veal, which sounds like a bad idea already, tastes awful and has the texture of poorly cooked octopus tentacles in a buffet.  Desserts that have been sitting out for who knows how long, taste a bit like meat, but not like dessert.    The lamb steaks were quite good though, and I did like their creme brulee, and they sure did know how to keep the coffee coming.    Unfortunately, I really can't say much else here, except that I'm convinced that I don't want to go to another Las Vegas buffet.~desserts lamb steaks coffee ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~WCC54NUOZCcXhX8VZza4Cw~Great BBQ sandwich for a decent price. The side of beans are amazing,  as are the sweet potato fries! Definitely will be returning.~sandwich sweet potato ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~28Kit1lRd4gKGD3jHVuhUQ~Four of us went to the Wild Alaskan Grille last weekend.  Weather was perfect, doors to the Strip were open, table was large and high.  Started with cocktails, Angry Orchard - yum.  Appetizers were great, with quite large portions.  I had the swordfish with new potatoes and cabbage - what a perfect and unusual combination - loved it.  The show stopper, however, was the shrimp & scallops...  I for sure had scallop envy!  Our server, Troy, was excellent, happy and attentive.  Fellow patrons were an ecclectic lot - we were jeans casual, neighbors to the right were full out-on-the-town diamonds and pearls and to the left were a family of cyclists... complete with Papa wearing silver racing shorts.  Two take aways:  Scallop envy can be fixed.  Bicycle shorts should only come in black.~appetizers cabbage shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~e4q72v0OhfRqUlr0BOG1Rg~Just don't know how to put into words how amazing that Steel City Lobster roll was at Luke Wholey's.  Instead of the lobster sitting in basic mayo with some cole slaw on a hot dog roll...this takes huge lobster pieces sauteed in butter and sits them on a hoagie roll - and, hold on, covers this with a generous ladle of lobster bisque.  Ok, sounds like a mistake - but oh my lord.  I wasn't that hungry at the time but I ate every last bit using that roll to soak up every last bit of bisque.  Homemade fries also helped to soak up that bisque.  So so good!~lobster roll hot dog butter fries ~5 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~WsvX6aelOOMFXRjVBRxxqg~Stopped in here recently for lunch - Oven and Vine sits behind my absolutely favorite coffee place (Shine).  My connection was coincidental, as I'm involve with a t-shirt business, and Dylan the owner had come by for some t-shirts recently.  During conversation, I realized that Dylan used to run Portland's restaurant on 1st and Portland, which closed a while back.  That was a posh high end place that made for an awesome setting for business lunches.  Oven and Vine is a different vibe altogether, and I love it.  Much more approachable in a come as you are kind of way, and very friendly and easy going.  The menu is short and sweet, but has a good variety.  I was in for a light lunch, so ordered the Italian Salad, and another buddy ordered the green chili chicken.  The salad was awesome!  And the lunch buddy said the green chili chicken was as well.  Great place to hang out - good casual laid back vibe, of a seat yourself and get comfortable sort.  And I love the venue and location - I'm really drawn in by this historic estate pool house and long house setup that houses both Shine and Oven and Vine.  Highly recommended!  And you have to keep in mind this is all happening in a long house of a long-gone historic estate.~coffee salad chicken salad chicken ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~gLHSdK0NiNw7fRFLat0rUA~Definitely the best buffet I've had in a while. The place was really well-done, with huge Willy Wonka flower/fruit arrangements all around. Cheery colors and everything looked spotlessly clean. Huge selection of buffet items and most of it was good enough for seconds..or thirds. Sea bass was actually well crusted and really flavorful, so probably one of the few few times I've liked fish at a buffet. I kept going back for the rack of lamb, which was nicely seasoned and cooked to a pink perfectness. Sushi was the only FAIL, but really, you can't expect good or even decent sushi from a buffet ever. I also really liked the crab legs. HUGE suckahs and they weren't too salty from the brining. Dessert aisles were amazing! Tiramisu was the highlight in a cute little glass, but the creme brulee and the caramel rice pudding (weird combo, but it somehow worked) were good also. Ice tea was really tasty, perfumey and refreshing. I kept thinking about it for the thirsty days we were in LV.  Only drawback was that we were basically told to leave by the waitress since they needed our table for a big group, so dinging them for a star. We were definitely willing to do so, but she hung around and kept dropping not-so-subtle hints about how we should go have a good night...~lamb sushi sushi caramel rice pudding tea ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~HgVsc349JviU5gwwzEjiFw~Lovely setting, very good brunches & lunches, but after 5-6 times over the last few years, it's clear the Graze cooks just can't prepare a good dinner. Excellent ingredients but consistently put together in ways that don't work - the food just tastes 'blah' and this has been noted by numerous people I've hosted. In addition, the three Pub Burgers we ordered last night were all *very* well done despite requests for two mediums and one medium rare. I usually order 'well done' but have been trying to train myself to like medium burgers and the one I got was like a hockey puck wrapped in hay. The cooks should visit Dotty Dumpling's Dowry to learn how to cook a burger to order.~burgers burgers burger ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~NNZGH9zc4pyEHuHCfZ7pdQ~Honey Bears was one of my first restaurant meals in Phoenix, as I was brought here by a buddy who worked downtown and who moved here from Cali a year before I did. He was raving about it and I thought, "Well, I like BBQ. Actually, l like BBQ a LOT. Let's go!"  And, so...well...Honey Bears is what it is. A low-key BBQ joint where you can get your mess on. Decent sandwiches (chicken, brisket, etc.) and BBQ sauce - but I was thinking this was going to knock me backwards with how good it was where in reality it was just, "Well, I'd definitely eat here again, but ain't rushing to do it." The patronage can be, uh, "colorful" and "interesting" at times, especially the later at night you go (not that I have anything against people talking to themselves).  But I do appreciate that it's still there, a stalwart against all the crazy development happening around it. For those folks not living in $1 million condos on Central, they still need a place to go, eat, and drip BBQ sauce on their office clothes with not a care in the world.  3 stars.~honey honey sandwiches chicken ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~qat2pM3OpUkJFQdUZuZLPw~Oh I don't know what the big deal is. OMG!...people scream at me...you HAVE to eat at Honey Bears. It is soooo good. So I go. Hmmm...WTF. I order a pork sandwich, side o slaw and side o potato salad. Sandwich came with all the s.o.s. which on one hand is good cuz otherwise the bun would fall apart like my Aunt Helen did when I told her I was a homo. But the meat suffers from not "marinating" in said sauce. Slaw was passable but the potato salad had that weird store bought, vinegary, mustardy, icky poo cocka flavor. Ya'll know what I mean! I guess I'll just have to wait til I hang with the inlaws in San Antonio cuz then we always go to Bill Miller BBQ and sistahs let me tell you Mr. Miller knows BBQ!~honey pork sandwich potato salad ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~l62CMl-45jmxy0GMdvvnXA~We were in Madison for a night and wanted to find a place near the capital to eat and came upon Graze. It was a cold Monday night but the place was packed. We had an amazing view of the capital all lit up.   For starters we got the fresh bread basket and a small order of cheese curds. The bread was good, especially the french bread. The cheese curds were excellent, not greasy. For the main course we ordered the chicken and waffles and the beef pub burger. The chicken and waffles were very good. The pub burger was OK. The bun for the burger was an english muffin which was a bit strange. Because of this the burger didn't taste as juicy as it should have. It would have been better on most any other type of bun.~cheese cheese chicken and waffles beef burger chicken and waffles burger burger burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~sjpOx-4xuGCvF7n83_Z6Jg~I am not a fan. We waited on a line with no signage telling us anything about the buffet. All the food was overly caloric, greasy and COLD!   My friend and I spent $22 each to have tea.~tea ~1 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~4y8luo4WjGxn_hSEcQGLLg~Small little place in a strip mall with good food and friendly service.  The teri beef is tender and has a good flavor evident from true a true overnight marinade.  Most places will not properly marinate resulting in more or a bland flavor.  The Saimin noodles is probably the best in the valley at a Hawaiian joint.  Flavorful soup base and tender ramen noodles.  I fancy the B-1 mixed plate - hamburger steak/teri beef/curry~beef soup ramen noodles hamburger steak beef ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~_wM4SX7-wdZ98lr-YV9iJA~Good food, was here for a work lunch. I had the Miso Salmon Bento Box and it was delicious along with the Cucumber Salad. The prices aren't outrageous for lunches and they didn't appear to be busy so you can get in and get a table.   Views are amazing.~miso salmon cucumber salad ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~4793SnzMBDC2-hPgqkN_lw~Great food, great service, and great atmosphere. On 12/27/16 went after TSO show at PPG Paints Arena. So easy to get to, parking was not an issue, and we were seated right away.  Drink selections were plentiful for people like me who don't like beer - the cranberry mule was so good that I had two!  Captain crunch sushi roll was an incredible mix of crunch and spice and we loved it as an appetizer. My husband got the Mahi Mahi and I ordered the shrimp volcano. Both were excellent.  We will definitely be back for more. Thank you Wholey's!~cranberry sushi shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~wdj7RUETi_lNPvbkh1UaBw~We have been in going to the strip for most of the last decade after relocating to Pittsburgh.  We enjoyed many food haunts over the years and eyed with a little skepticism Luke's new restaurant when it opened a few years ago.  The fish wholesalers taking a gamble at a restaurant?  We gave it a shot and loved it...6 visits ago!  Our latest visit was this past Saturday.  We returned hoping to find the upscale casual comfort we found before and were served that from the moment we walked in the door.  The staff made us feel very welcome with witty banter and quick service.  The whole restaurant smacked of enjoyment as we witnessed most tables full of folks enjoying beers, wine and some of their meal in a glass bloody marys.  Mind you, this was only 12:30pm!  This place has a way of making you want to enjoy MORE.  We went with iced tea and sodas as we had our daughters in tow.  Sweet tea was not on the menu but our excellent server Brian took the unsweet and delivered it with a little simple sugar to my wife to make it so.  The bisque was excellent and paired well with a side salad with lemon vinaigrette.  Enough of that starter stuff... The crab cake was very good.  If you know what a good one is supposed to be like, I don't need to explain further. In fact, I wont.  We also enjoyed the salmon club special along with our daughter ordering her regular favorite, the shrimp po'boy buffalo style and the other a salmon club special.   Note:  when ordering avocado, you get most of an avocado. Yep.  Something finally worth the up-charge in the restaurant world.  Look, the food was very enjoyable. The only thing better was the service.  Excellent and unimposing service.  While it has been a few months since we have been here, our last trip will make this destination a certain stop on our Strip District railway journey again sometime soon!  Well done Luke and the team!~tea tea salad lemon crab cake ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~zpCvW9oyNSc80s-te4Ws8w~You know. I really don't have much to say about this place that is bad. I've been there a number of times and have also had their catering.  Their beans are very good. Slightly sweet with the right amount of spice. Hot links are spot on. Pulled beef and pork sandwiches are good, but the meat could be more tender. I am very picky about my potato salad, but theirs isn't bad.~beef pork sandwiches potato salad ~4 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~kj_6TFrPGnx7aRXWTmfQwA~Went there with my girlfriend for what I thought would be good bbq. She ordered the half chicken and I got a pulled pork sandwich.  Not only did her chicken come out pink and bleeding once but it happened twice. When I told them the first time the cashier said, "we usually have good food." So it's okay to serve bad food too? He asked how the chicken was when he was bringing in the chairs from outside and we said the same,  still pink and bleeding. All he said was oh okay and walked away. I didn't even eat my sandwich because if they couldn't cook chicken right why should I trust them to cook the pork correctly? When I went to the front to talk with them they all disappeared.  Never would I think about going back and spend my money there again.~chicken pulled pork ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~BTdzAoVXyoh_pQhixjZc4g~I've previously rated the Wynn buffet very highly and have previously had highly enjoyable meals here, but this years experience has unfortunately forced me to downgrade my rating.  1) They appear to be creating artificial queuing / waiting for some reason. I went on a Sunday night expecting it to be reasonably quiet, and yet we had to queue for 30-45 minutes. I was very annoyed when we finally were seated to see that so many tables were empty and clean (without word of exaggeration, 50-60% of tables were free) yet staff were forcing patrons to wait for long periods of time after paying, to be shown to a table.  2) The drinks service was terrible. We had an old miserable lady serve us, who clearly did not enjoy her job or want to be there. While I don't expect minimum wage staff at buffets to always be full of the joys of spring, if I am going to eat at one of the most high end and top priced buffets in Las Vegas, I expect them to be able to employ staff that can get a single drink order right, and actually bring you more than one coffee in an hour and a half period.   3) What has happened to the food? While the quality is still fairly high, the problem I was having, was trying to find enough items to group together to resemble some sort of meal consisting of similar items. I have not had this problem in the past at the Wynn and have not had this problem to this extent elsewhere. For example, if you ate at a Chinese restaurant, you might order an appetiser or two, and then for your entre, you might have a Chinese curry, served with lets say egg fried rice. Well at the Wynn buffet, there is no problem with a couple of appetisers, but when it comes to your entre, they don't seem to be serving a curry and a rice dish at the same time, you can have a rice dish and no curry to go with it, or a curry dish and no rice. While this is not the most eloquent example, I am sure you can get my meaning.  So unfortunately Wynn buffet, after making us queue for a long time for no good reason, giving us terrible drinks service and then leaving us a little disappointed with the menu selection, I'm afraid we can no longer justify paying the premium price for a buffet that we no longer feel fits into the premium category~coffee egg fried rice ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~30_hnoUAVmXa0hdxzDENyQ~Walked in and loved the ambience. Didn't make reservation but was seated quickly. Service was great and friendly. Ordered queso con puerco for appetizer and it was mouth watering, would highly recommend. Fianc ordered the big ass burger and I ordered the bacon wrapped tenderloin and both were delicious. Pretty much all food was great. Would definitely come back with friends.~burger bacon ~5 
Varadero Cuban Restaurant~fried chicken-mashed potato-sandwich~8sjbGj2Ye7gzE2q4Y_2zpA~I consider this more of a 3.5 star restaurant, but gave it 4 stars due to good value and a strong effort to provide quality food and service.  Came here on a Saturday evening as I heard they had very good food.  Had the avocado salad as a starter (excellent, simple and fresh with great pickled onions and simple oil and vinegar dressing).  Also had the mashed potato balls stuffed with ground beef - nothing special as the texture was uninteresting and the flavor was mild and underseasoned.  Cuban sandwich was excellent and ropa viejo was very good, with good beans and rice.  Chorizo sandwich and Boliche looked interesting, may try on a future visit.  Finished the meal with the tres leches cake, a little different than the standard spongy cake soaked in sweet milk (more like a layer cake here with tres leches pudding) but very good.  Service was friendly and efficient, and decor was ok, nicer than one would expect from the outside, in a very unremarkable strip mall.  Overall very good, a bit out of the way, but worth the trip for something good and interesting.~avocado salad mashed potato ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~qdINS_z1jPiOPDRvqZpENg~I judge buffets by how willing I am to pay their price to eat my fill and feel disgusting later (who learns from their mistakes anyways?). And no one in my family felt like the $49.95 each was worth the aftermath.   We came unknowingly during their holiday schedule pricing, which meant that they had two time segments: pre-1pm at $39.95, and $49.95 for everyone afterwards (adult pricing). At a 1.5 hour wait, it wasn't as bad as it could have been and we got in around 3pm. But because The Buffet has been rated consistently in the top Vegas buffets, our expectations were way higher. My family also lived in Vegas during the reign of the Rio buffet - where are the days of $30 for unlimited lobster tail?  The seating and atmosphere seems pretty and spacious enough. Soft drinks, juice, and drip coffee are included with your meal. At an additional $16, you can get all you can drink beer and wine from the options provided.   Alright, food: The Good - Sea bass, game hen, prime rib - Surprisingly, the Asian section (try their BBQ pork buns) - Desserts (Crepes made to order! Gelato! Cakes! Cookies! Panna cotta! Fruit! But sadly no creme brulee...) - Restocking happened fairly quickly  The Disappointments - Skinny crab legs (they're cut in half for convenience, but would be scrawny even when whole) and a small seafood section in general - Ramen noodle bar (What is this tiny bowl? And why don't I get to decide what goes in it?)  - Most of the soups and the crab legs were monstrously salty. Felt like I was being made to eat less and fill up on water.  - Just meh selection in general (international cuisine buuut, no particularly unique dishes of note)  There are bathrooms located behind the dessert area within the buffet which you can frequent without fear of being let back inside. There were only four stalls in the women's bathroom and timing is really everything - you might arrive when it's completely empty or you'll be atoning for your last plate while in line. At least the stall doors have a "Vacant/Occupied" switch so you don't have to peel to see if someone's really behind that door.  For something advertised as a "holiday special", I felt really let down. I'm glad that at least the meal ended on a sweet note with the extensive desserts, but was the meal worth the wait and the price? No. If this is the top tier of Vegas buffets, I'll stick to fine dining in the future. Same price for better quality food and without fearing for your bowels.~coffee bbq pork ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~YpgpUxT9kH7ty3X2eW2yTQ~Came here for dinner with my family for my bday.  Had the filet Mignon with mashed potatoes.  Ordered the steak med-rare and I have to say it was okay.  The steak was a bit firm and it seemed that my husband thought the same about his porter house steak.  I can honestly say that I've had better steak at longhorn and its the same every time I do go there.  But I will say that the big ass burger my son had was delicious!!~steak steak steak steak burger ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~54nVlSW1XC_a36o2Gmk8aQ~This is one of the best buffets in Vegas.  A little pricey but it is a classy hotel.  Very good food and good variety. I liked the way they did the deserets, they don't give large portions where if you don't like it that it is wasted.  Most buffets give such large pieces of pie, cakes and it gets wasted if you don't eat it.  Next time we come to Vegas we would come to this great buffett.~pie ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EtSDYPSrFyd8njlU2vA43w~I think the Roaring Fork is the best Southwestern restaurant in the Valley. Not only for the outstanding cuisine, but also for the service. I've never spoken to an aloof idiot hostess on the phone, ever, and that's pretty much my job description (to speak with hostesses, not to deal with idiots... I'm a concierge).   It's rich and delicious, and it happens to have the best burger in town. The bar features lots of delish micro-brews, and the service doesn't disappoint in this section, either.   I'd far prefer going here than Richardson's or Rokerij any damn day of the week.~burger ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~O46H4qh4h1GDIkjJ-s0w2Q~My co-worker was really nice and went to buy Prairie Girl cupcakes as a mid-day pick me up for all of us. I personally love love love red velvet cupcakes. I had purchased a dozen of the normal sized cupcakes before for my boyfriend's birthday and found that the icing was a bit overwhelming because there was so much of it. I did think the icing was too much and wasn't able to finish it.  However, the mini cupcakes are honestly the perfect size, with the right amount of icing. The presentation of the cupcakes are very classic and pretty.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6OJbZ7vE3VAE5K_aJP0sZQ~I love this place for ever reason. The dcor is beautiful, fresh, and light. The view of the capital is great and it almost feels like you are sitting outside when you are inside because of all of the windows. They have chalkboards with the local produce, meat, and dairy for the week. Love it! I've been there a few times for lunch now and have not been disappointed. The menu is a little eclectic with some America and Asian choices on it. I've played it safe so far, but next time maybe I will mix it up a little!  I've had their grilled cheese with ham and it was hands down the best grilled cheese I have ever had. The caramelized onions and grainy mustard really put it over the top. Last time I had their mac and cheese with kielbasa. It looks like a small portion, but it is extremely filling and rich, I couldn't finish it. Also the best mac and cheese I've ever had... and the sauce on the kielbasa almost had a curry flavor to it which nicely complemented the mounds of cheese I was consuming.  My only complaint - and I know everyone is saying exactly the opposite of me on here - but I think they are far from the best cheese curds I've had in Madison. They might actually be on the bottom of my list. There isn't a ton of flavor and some were even overcooked so all the cheese melted out. Don't hate me, but I'm not a fan of their curds! Order the deviled eggs instead.~cheese cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~x5X_tFFFjWeQYva5gIw5ZQ~Went in 30min before 11am and they were hauling all the breakfast away to prepare for lunch service. Paid breakfast prices to score lunch meal as well. Score. Highlights: Korean BBQ ribs Corn on cob Ceviche Fruit Fried cheese ball Pork & shrimp dumplings Dessert/gelato bar Coffee-strong for those who want a potent wake me up~ribs corn ceviche cheese pork shrimp coffee ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~MlwvF4zb1GRcdA0WKmGGeA~Staff didn't have much of a personality good or bad. I got blackened salmon with rice and vegetables. The food was good, the atmosphere was good as well. Seemed like a good place to get lunch, but not great. Overall I was happy with my experience  and would go back.~salmon ~3 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~85wVLK7Iptx9U1RVM7-YjA~I really enjoyed it. The oysters are incredible! We started with the oyster app and it came with some bonus shrimp. We also had the catfish app that was ok. The garlic bread is a must try. For dinner I had the blackened shrimp and scallops over rice with asparagus and it was incredible! My fiancee had the crab covered salmon and it was pretty good too. I have eaten here twice now and will be back.~shrimp garlic shrimp asparagus salmon ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~6oE1ySuzooXdGo8llPe9SA~This place is da bomb!  This is my go to place whenever I'm in Phoenix.  Great food, great prices, great staff.  And the portions are huge so you'll never leave here hungry.  I've had the ribs, beans, sweet potato fries, and sweet potato pie and they are all great.  Now they just need to open a location in Los Angeles...~ribs sweet potato ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~OZZyCiFJhTltxDbt2uIkBA~I'll start with the positive: Prairie Girl does icing right. I love their seasonal flavours, and vanilla most of all. But their cake? Blah. My husband surprised me with some minis from this location and each cupcake tasted dry and crumbly. I've been to their original location many times and used to think they were fine, but perhaps I've been spoiled by leftover cake from the Wedding Cake Shoppe.  Let's put it this way... each of the three fresh Prairie Girl cupcakes I had were drier and blander than my five weeks frozen, two days refrigerator-defrosted wedding cake.  Well, I suppose that sometimes, cake is just an icing delivery vehicle.~cake cake cake cupcakes cake cake ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~UVEBwRB_Zm2hnRexM9Jegg~i've been here twice and got the lobster roll both times. I am always skeptical of fresh seafood in inland locations but Wholey's does not disappoint. The lobster was fresh and succulent and the bread was buttery and crispy.  The first time I went to Wholey's the owner came out and talked with us. I'm convinced he was trying to set my friend up with his son. And he also asked us to stay a while so that the place would look busy.  The second time I came it was with my sister in law and her mother. Again, he asked us to sit and stay there a while so that the place would look busy. Cheesy, but nice nonetheless. During this occasion we were celebrating my sister in law's new job. It was a Tuesday afternoon and they had $5 fireball shots. Enough said.  The atmosphere is fun, the food is good and this is the go-to restaurant for fresh seafood in Pittsburgh!~lobster roll ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~fIEOEc72kKlcDpepQkyS3g~Their burgers are the best. Have been several times always good. The fried chicken is good but overpriced for what you get~burgers fried chicken ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~nAixaDioVO-qONHHnK3FVQ~Initially I thought that the UNLV area was lacking in good restaurants compared to other parts of town, but that is far from true. With so many university students around, this area caters to students who lack a large sum of money. There were three people in my party and our meal came out to roughly 17 dollars.   They lack a menu board and once you look at the paper copy you will understand why. One of my friends almost cracked and cry under the pressure of finding what he wanted in the vast abyss of options. We had to tell two other groups to go ahead of us and then wing. He ended up getting egg salad and didn't seem too impress or disappointed. Another friend got the manager special, a half sandwich and soup combo. She also seemed satisfied. So you might ask why I gave it such a high rating. The reason, even though their sandwiches are nothing too spectacular, I love their salad bar. Although it is small, the selection of ingredients are high quality. The upkeep of vegetables are spectacular, giving the bar a vibrancy of colors. If  you are in search of a light lunch, you can order a side salad with a friend that is getting a sandwich because it only costs $4.49. Otherwise the $7.49 price is still a great deal for full reign over the whole bar.  When I want a sandwich, I will normally order the quarter turkey muff. This place is full of surprises, because a quarter is still humongous. It consists of a dense New Orleans' style muffaletta bread, topped with an olive tapenade, antipesti, and melted provolone cheese. For $6 and change, that is a steal.~egg salad sandwich soup sandwiches salad salad sandwich sandwich olive cheese ~4 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~m5uSrnhmqhOOxED5nrAyjw~I'm not quite sure exactly how I feel about this place. I took my family (6 ppl) there for my adult sons birthday. The atosphere was great, the decor was very nice, but the service and the food, not so much.  First we had been waiting so long for a table that my family started getting upset that there were families coming after us who were being seated before us and they were just coming in not waiting like we were. It was painfully obvious that the girl running the seating, was very inexperienced and they need someone with more experience.   We were finally seated after about 45 minutes and were really looking forward to having a positive experience. Well, there is always hope.   First the waitress was a bit sloppy and we felt rushed. I use to waitress, you never ever ever rush the people you're waiting on. Then it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks and the only people who recieved water were the people drinking alcohol. There use to be a time that they put in on your table the minute that you sat down.  To make it short and sweet, the food. Waaaay over priced for what you get. The appetizers were just ok. Nothing to get thrilled over. My daughters fish was over cooked, the hawiian rice that it came with was too sweet, there was nothing balancing it out. My sons huge Black & Blue Burger had this little tiny bit of blue cheese on it. My giant baked patato cost over $8 and the toppings were hardly enough for a mini potato. About 5 minutes after I ordered it, I told the waitress that I had changed my mind and she told me that it was too late. Really too late to change my mind on a baked potato? You have got to be kidding me.    I spent almost $200 and left disappointed, that should never happen.~appetizers burger cheese potato baked potato ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~w5d9X6bEucNFv2kg9A_K1A~One of our favorite restaurants here in Scottsdale!  They have a nice southwestern take on a lot of dishes that are recognizable, but I appreciate that Roaring Fork puts their own spin on things.    They offer a lovely bread basket with hot rolls and mini cornbread muffins with soft, whipped butter--a nice way to start of the meal.  We haven't tried a lot of apps but highly recommend their flatbread chicken pizza, which can also work as a meal.  The cheese they use melts so well and creates a really creamy texture paired with moist, rotisserie chicken.  Delicious!    The Spinach Chicken Waldorf Salad is amazing!  The chicken they use is the spit-roasted chicken, which is juicy and flavorful.  The salad is incredibly large, especially for the price and contents, with a good mix of ingredients, texture, and flavors.  My husband is a fan of the flavors of the "Big Ass" burger as well as the Cedar-Planked Salmon.  The Sugar-Cured Duck Breast was cooked perfectly with a nice crispy skin and great flavors between the duck and the accompaniments.  Would also highly recommend the green chili macaroni and cheese; decadent, rich, and luxuriously creamy.   We had their seasonal pie, pecan, which was warm, rich, and deep in flavor, and they paired it with plenty of ice cream (because nothing cuts sweet like sweet!).~butter chicken cheese chicken spinach chicken salad chicken chicken salad burger salmon macaroni and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ixHsdLIIjgboJWIq8o7ucg~Every Vegas buffet has a dude slicing prime rib. So, I'll use that as the first metric: I got three slices of prime rib at the Wynn, it was soft, juicy, red rare, and cut almost 3/4 inch thick. And the butt end was well-herbed and just a touch crispy. Damn fine stuff.  We spend over two hours here, sampling the whole array (except crab legs -- I'm allergic). Another staple, the shrimp cocktail, was jumbo and succulent and lacking that awful freezer burn that poorer buffets have. Other fish, including the sea bass and the three of four ceviche samplers, were all well above average. The clams with red sauce were a little better than average, but hey -- clams! The buffet sushi experiment was less successful. My instinct (stay away from buffet sushi) stands uncorrected.  The gorging potential was fantastic. Sticking to the proteins, there were cute cornish game hens that were only a touch dry, and sliced turkey that would have been better if slicer guy would have given me some dark meat. I had heard fine things about the lamb, but the lamb was not fine my friends. Both chops I sampled were way overcooked. Alas.  I had some asparagus that was also much better than expected, very nicely grilled. zucchinis and squashes, also grilled, assisted in padding all the meat in my gullet.  Carbs? desserts? No idea.  Our server was an all-star klutz, but attentive and constatly replenished our beverages -- which was some of the best unsweetened brewed iced tea I've ever had. Also, when we got a little tired we got a pot of coffee -- no extra charge, which I think is unusual. It was good. Thanks Wynn!~shrimp ceviche sushi sushi lamb lamb asparagus desserts tea coffee ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~zPKtQ23rRpaFL83WDsvJpQ~Enter into a giant glass building. Everywhere you turn you see the outside world and your night of food and people watching begin. 7:30 at night in downtown Madison is rush hour for any establishment. Thankfully we only waited 15 minutes. While my date and I waited we were promptly greeted by a bartender. A chocolate cherry beer for me and a sour for her. Both moderately priced at $5.00  Once we were alerted that our table was ready, via phone call, we were sat at a beautiful table looking out at the capitol building. I really don't think there was a bad seat in the house. We were greeted by our server, Alyson, and right away she threw us into the wonderful menu that is Graze.   First up were our appetizers. We settled on the Pickle Board and the Soft Pretzel.   ~ Pickle Board 7 Bread butter daikon beets escabeche kimchee seasonal selection As much as I love food and prize myself on the knowledge of said subject I did not know what half these were However as soon as I saw kimchee I was sold Let me tell you it did not disappoint The beets had a sweetness to them The pickled radishes were a little crunchier than kimchee with great flavor ~Soft Pretzel $4: Sea salt, house mustards, Widmer's cheese. The mustards were fantastic. One had a horseradish flavor to it. A nice bite that goes straight to your nose. Another was a cognac grain mustard. A beautiful flavor with what I thought to be a sweet hint. The third was gone before I realized what happed. So it must have been good.    So we had our appetizers and I was already blown away. The tough part came with the entree selection. Be aware the menu is not that large but it is fresh and everything looked so good. I asked my server if she would partake in my favorite game, pick my meal. She happily obliged.   My lovely date decided on the graze burger and my server, well, I was not disappointed with her choice at all. 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~rvrFATPEK-YV739qGjlscQ~Graze is definitely an experience- the food is unique and delicious. However, be prepared for the wait! I made the mistake of going to Graze with a party of 8 and we had to wait for about an hour and a half. I'd recommend going to the restaurant on the week days (where you will probably still wait) or with smaller parties.  Otherwise, good food and a fun atmosphere. I think the menu is reasonably priced and they use a local food which is always a plus! I ate the bibimbap and loved it but everything else looked amazing too.  Based on my experience, I'd recommend trying the popcorn appetizer which uses truffle oil and the wedge salad, which has a unique asian flare.~popcorn salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KGj5iixUaCb8KPIwQM6QCg~Our daughter took us here, because her and her fianc went to one in Austin. Ordered Mac n cheese, and green chili pork apps and they were amazing!!!!!!!then for dinner we all had the "big ass" burger OMG!!! We had one small issue and it was handled professionally and quick! The waiter Darrell was amazing!!!! For sure try it!!~cheese pork burger ~5 
Dublin O'Neil's~irish nachos-pub burger-herbed onion rings-boxty pancakes-house salad-seafood chowder-vegetable stew-fried oyster~oyMuNmhlxzaMnx7mmZvPkg~I have been to this place about 7 or 8 times now. I really gave this place a chance, but they have come up short.   First, the food. The burger is really over spiced. After you're about halfway through, it's like eating a giant meatball. I was thrilled to have a place locally that served an Irish breakfast, something that I grew up eating. They failed here too. An Irish breakfast is meant to be fried not grilled as they do here. In Ireland, in many places they even called it a "fry." They try to make all their dishes look really fancy, which doesn't go with their theme of an Irish Pub.  The service was good though I must say. All the bartenders and servers were friendly each time I was there. However, this can not be said of the manager I spoke to there who was very condescending.   And finally we come to the beer. Now they have a great beer selection and bring in a lot of seasonals which is great. However, they do NOT know how to pour a proper pint of Guinness and do not serve it in the proper glass. At first I just ignored them using an improper technique when pouring a pint of Guinness, but the last time I was there, I was served a pint that virtually had no head on it. I sent it back and asked for another one, but what I was given was the same as the first. I talked to the manger about this, and he tried to tell me this is how Guinness always looked there. I informed him that is no where near how a proper pint of Guinness should look and if that is what I got each time I ordered a Guinness, I would have sent it back each time.   I would not be so hard on this place if it weren't for the fact they portray themselves as an "authentic Irish pub." When it comes to their food, beer, and decor, they are no where near a real Irish pub. I will likely go back there, with the hope that they will get their act together, but I highly doubt it will happen.~burger ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~DjjQhpvxZjuinxEtfAoYiQ~I love farm to table.  I love Madison.   So why on earth could I give a farm to table restaurant in Madison a 2 star rating?  Biggest reason: When you list twenty different providers of produce to your restaurant, you should be able to come up with at least one way to prepare said veggies without meat that is more creative than "Mac and cheese".  This is true even if you are in Wisconsin.   There are other reasons, but that is what dropped it from 3 or 4 stars to two.  Service was great, choices were unfortunate.~mac and cheese ~2 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JoqwEd0OIW-BvZWphxrM1w~Space is so open and light! I had a tough time deciding between Graze and The Old Fashioned for cheese curds, but I picked here because.. well, who wouldn't want to try Asian/Wisconsin fusion? I was happy that I didn't have to add a full $9 for my cheese curds, but bummed that it wasn't offered as an optional side for the entre. But I settled for my half order costing $5 :)  The cheese curds were delicious!!! Bibimbap, ehh... I had to dig through the bowl looking for the "bap" part of the dish before realizing that it wasn't sitting as a bed on the bottom of everything. Kind of surprised that the rice was fried into little sticks, but I guess it keeps it cleaner that way.~cheese cheese cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~hU--Loe6OR9Rn2SktvJ2Vg~The ambiance of this place would be perfect for a date night or a get together where it is possible to have a conversation. Definitely has an upscale feel but without being pretentious. They take reservations and I would definitely make another one! The food was great and the wait staff all seemed to really enjoy their work, not a single bitter Waffle House waitress in the place. Lots of unique flavors and the Mac and cheese is a must!~date waffle mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kgkj_z4OoBs2aLflteeFfg~Had a nice family dinner with wife and son. Service very attentive and great appetizers: green chili and lamb fondue. Entrees were good, not great (pork chop, burger & tenderloin w/bacon), in large portions so we could not have dessert. Next time will try to attend the happy hour and have other starters & appetizers only. I liked de decoration and place.~appetizers lamb pork burger bacon appetizers ~4 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~PgLtM9WhIenznRjjt5MP_w~This is my family's go-to place now! We go once a week or so, the flavor a rotate well and they do have a few standards like Vanilla Bean, Strawberry, various chocolates, and Cheesecake. They throw in a few fun ones too, Root Beer Float, Cake Batter, and various Popsicle flavors. The employees are nice and happy, the toppings are clean and full, and the service is great. 42 an ounce.~cake ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~d9ibZB6ibyWAxnL-x9EyQw~For the price, this buffet is such a disappointment. Please save your money and try another place. There wasn't much variety and the quality was subpar. We asked for coffee for our drinks and they brought us a thermost pitcher. We couldn't even drink half a cup because the coffee was watered down and tasted horrible. I really expected more of a vegas hotel buffet. Don't let the pretty decorations fool you!~coffee coffee ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CTnxupAXmS-orPwlgyv1Mw~Spinach chicken waldorf salad was superb! Boyfriend enjoy his big burger as did the kid enjoy his kids burger. The fries are delicious and the server was friendly and knowledgeable. We will certainly be returning for another wonderful exprrience.~spinach chicken salad burger burger fries ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~dbhvJs0Evjp_NAzER16UtA~I am usually overly generous with my stars, so I'm even shocking myself.  The one star is rated purely on the food.  If the view, great cocktails and cute waiter were taken into account, I could go up one or two more.  I ordered the bento box and my lunch partner ordered an Asian noodle salad.  Both were sadly bland and nondescript. In fact, it's odd that we don't lick our plates clean, so it's saying something when we leave food.  Perhaps we ordered the wrong items?  But in my opinion there should be no wrong items on a menu.  I did like their unique cocktails-mine a spicy concoction of citrus and heat...~salad ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~qEStpJgsRGHGYmyH6QI4Dw~I really like the ambience! It's kind of a hidden treasure really. The "Big Ass Burger" -it's actually what it's called- was a hit! I had the Waldorf salad and it was tasty. Nice for a quiet evening with a significant other; cozy.~burger salad ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~4uT_788Ffap4VNdYuPFSBg~After a late Saturday night I was looking forward to an early Sunday morning Bloody Mary.  What I stumbled upon wasn't just any Bloody Mary but one that beat all others.  The combination of mix and spice was perfectly complemented with an array of garnish including two giant shrimp!!    The bar was crowded but we were able to snag three seats near the service bar.  The employees and bartenders were extremely busy yet found time to engage with us and the patrons around us. The surrounding dining room looked as if it was taken from an Alaskan landscape.  This place seemed super cool. Unfortunately we were just having drinks but I'm looking forward to dining with them in the near future.   Five star Bloody Mary!!~shrimp ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~HAmoiRgbbWXL7ZdxpILo_w~We had such a great experience that we went back the next day for lunch. My husband was dying to try the Pittsburgh style lobster roll. It was amazing. I went with the catfish bites which were fantastic as well. I highly recommend this place. We had the same waitress the next day for lunch who provides us with excellent service again.~lobster roll ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~UirIu_OYIwiqoldy42KyTQ~(Late Dinner - 12.26.2009 @ ~8PM So a lot and I mean a LOT of peeps have been giving really positive reviews about the buffet at Wynn so on a recent holiday trip to Vegas this was to be the culinary highlight of our stay Ambience Really beautiful decor with lots of ornate flower arrangements However the rest of the dining room was more functional than elegant Food At around 46 a person the quality of food was rather lackluster The prime rib and rack of lamb were quite bloody and tough You d think a classy joint like the Wynn would at minimum dry age their roast a few days at least go watch that Alton Brown episode Wynn but you d be mistaken Although their other entrees were varied and creative they were either dry extremely salty or both The Cantonese style clams in fermented black bean sauce might as well have been a big ole salt lick The buffet line was quite long so by the time you get to what you want the items already on your plate have cooled off quite a bit so perhaps several trips to the line is in order if you prefer your warm food exactly that warm Seafood was uninspiring Sure you got crab legs and they re cooked quite well meaning they aren t overly salty like other places on the Strip The shrimps were quite large Smoked salmon was left out too long so had to endure dry edges Dessert What dessert Read on Service We got to the Wynn at around 7 30 ish and was burning the batteries on our iPhones trying to keep entertained for the hellacious 2 hour wait At around 9 30PM we finally started our buffet experience Now I know the posted hours say that the buffet ends at 10 00PM but does that mean you start pulling the food from the steam tables at 10 Wouldn t a classy joint like the Wynn find it courteous to wait at least an hour after the last patrons start eating before closing shop I felt REALLY bad for the huge line of peeps behind us who basically paid 46 for a rushed soup kitchen experience Needless to say the only thing for dessert we could acquire was ice cream which the server repeatedly got wrong and literally slammed the bowls on the counter top Only redeeming thing about the service was that our waiter was quite nice and accommodating for the first 15 minutes of our late dinner before he disappeared Oh and I f cking hate it when soda refills are stored in pitchers where they spend the night going flat and getting diluted from melting ice Summary Spend your hard earned money and priceless time elsewhere the Wynn is really a Loss all hype ~lamb brown black bean sauce shrimps smoked salmon 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~J3T9XoMVjXldklH-143MLQ~Yuuuuum for lunch, careful of the prices though, and don't go if you're starving. I came in knowing and prepared for the prices though so I was fine with it. Especially with those fried cheese curds. Man, those things are how cheese curds were meant to be. It's not on their lunch menu but you can get just a half order for 5$ if you want! Which is probably plenty for other people. I, on the other hand, could've eaten those fried cheese balls of heaven forever.~cheese cheese cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~_-_cwIX3bEu3bzZFGzUU4Q~My wife and I stopped in here for happy hour and sat at the bar.  The bar tender was a neat guy that made us feel welcome.  I had the hamburger and I was surprised by the quality and size.  The happy hour price was a really good deal.~hamburger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~WOIrTXz3FmJIqfvIg3bRHg~I had the Bibimbap for dinner and it was in a word - awesome.  The flavor and freshness was out of this world.  I don't know how they made the rice (I suspect maybe it was deep fried?) but it was super tasty.  Our waitress was perfect.  The appetizer of Pork Buns was also really good.  I will absolutely be dining at Graze again.~pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PeX3mS0Wz0D-H72EGTCiTQ~I attended with a large group of over 30. The food was very good. Can't be too hard on the service for a group this size but it was a little slow. The green chili Mac and cheese was unique and very good.~mac and cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Xf8UNntj9sCgqKPmNQGZKA~Graze is just OK. I've been here a few times and had OK experiences, but nothing too amazing. Their mac and cheese and cheese curds are great, but a standard burger that is "farm to table" is pretty lackluster. As far as drinks go, I ordered a margarita that was not spectacular. It seemed too expensive for the quality.  The environment, however, was very nice right off the square.~mac and cheese ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~yWhSn2Pwi5hTAL_f8jGHXQ~I have been to Graze at least a dozen times, and I wish I could give it a 4.5. I can't quite give it a 5 because of inconsistency and noise.  Here's what works: - Cheese curds! - Wine from a keg (can't you just feel the environment hugging you?) - Beer selection - Bibimbap - Mac 'n' Cheese with Pork (heart attack, but worth it.) - Fried Chicken & Waffle (There's a reason people love this in the South) - Cheese boards - Service - always kind and knowledgable - Magic coffee - The view of the capital  Here's what's inconsistent or doesn't work: - Burgers. They change these frequently, and they're not consistently great. I wish they were. - The noise. All those glass walls and metal tables & chairs make the sound bounce all over the place. So it's tough to bring your elderly parents (even though they'd love it) or your sweetheart, if you want a quiet night out. - Breakfast is nothing special. - The wait. Since you can't make reservations, you have to go during non-peak hours, or plan to wait for 30-45 minutes.  Despite the moderate inconsistencies, Graze is a great restaurant that's become a fall-back option for me and my friends.~cheese cheese pork fried chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~CgY4bG7pbNCCGjyqh2lK7Q~Been here with adults only and with the whole family Usually get the  Big Ass Burger and Green Chili Mac and Cheese. Both are supreme dishes and prepared to perfection.  You can't go wrong here. The half chicken is amazing and the Shirt ribs are some of the Best. Always come back and bring new people to this spot.~burger mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~cEWV8cLg6buP-raW5EYMlw~Very good locally sourced food and friendly service. Small menu. Was in the mood for an awesome salad, but other than a small plate of greens or a wedge salad, there wasn't anything on the menu that hit that need. Venue is absolutely beautiful.~salad greens salad ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~qZiVVEbJc2o_1X3EB22HuA~Delicious Veggie Lasanga accompanied by fresh seasoned Italian bread! It's hard to find good Italian food in Phoenix, but this spot just reminds me of my mom's pasta back in NY! Everything I've tried has been yummy: Roasted vegetable salad, Roasted vegetable sandwich, even their garden salad is always very fresh tasting and the balsamic dressing is premium. The servers and cooks are super nice too! I highly recommend you give this place a try & make returns because I have yet to try anything that wasn't spot on delicious.~pasta salad sandwich garden salad ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~g37H9_mrVOmj5xczDsKU5g~Did the breakfast buffet and it was okay.  If you want anything special done to your coffee it'll cost you extra.  Sadly the coffee wasn't that great to drink it just black.  The options were okay, but nothing was really striking or stood out.  Even for breakfast they had a full desert section which looked decant but again nothing really stood out.  Items like the candied apple stand out, but have you had one?  It's terrible, overly hard sugar that will crack your teeth over an apple.  Kind of a waste.  They did have a really cool gingerbread Wynn at the front of the buffet for the holidays though.~coffee coffee apple apple ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~tlb2PDx-74oBLmg3oPvveg~I go to Graze often because it is right by my office.  I'm always craving something more from my experience.  The restaurant feels a little cold to me, especially during the day.  One time I ordered the ham sandwich and could barely eat it because there was so much fat (I appreciate that some people might like this).  On the other hand, I really enjoy the beet burger - it's different and delicious.  I'll be back, but hope they can find more consistency with their menu.~sandwich beet burger ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~NtAc7NfgsZxEIHCoaTxrVg~The Roaring Fork was recommended to us by the locals so we brought our large party there (In town for a wedding - had a party of ten)  What an amazing place - nice ambiance to this place.  Service was top rate.  Our mixed drinks and meals were definitely five stars.  The green chili mac and cheese is absolutely amazing!!!!  All of our dishes were fantastic, so tasty!  Also 5 star worthy is the mexican street corn, rainbow trout, steaks and chicken tortilla soup....  We had a dessert that was simply amazing but I can't remember what it was called - definitely something unique to this place though.  We will stop in the next time we are in town for sure!!!~mac and cheese ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~cLKL1CaeRZwtWy7WfcTDRQ~I love this place!  Its great for lunch and dinner; get-togethers big and small!  We had my brother-in-law's wedding rehearsal dinner in one of the party rooms upstairs and it was perfect.  The food and service were excellent.  I also love this place for a party of only 2 or 3!   My favorite dish is the catfish bites!!   And I am a total sucker for their hot tea selection.~tea ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~mqVtR-IGpmVsB_wOEK5c_A~I will say first I absolutely love Mad Mex I'm vegan and the options for me are great here. When I lived in Pittsburgh I ate here at least once a week and the service and food has always been top notch. This location has me very confused. I ordered a salad and asked to omit an ingredient (never has been a problem before) this location refused to accommodate. The waiter was also very argumentative when  I asked questions. I am very sad and needless to say I will not be coming to this location again ...I talked to the manager and he tried to make the situation better so we submitted another order and it came out wrong again .. I think in a nut shell this location has a rude wait staff and a lazy kitchen staff .. Don't let this location sway you from visiting mad Mex my favorite locations are shady side and monroeville :)~salad ~2 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~SZwme0WJOXfxBFIEAf59Bg~Breath taking scenic views, recommend a sunset dinner and eating outside weather permitting. Inside the views are panoramic of the city / mountains and still spectacular.   Starred out with the Fiery Calamari and Truffle Mac n' Cheese for our appetizers.   The Fiery Calamari was prepared excellent with a nice crisp batter but not to hard or soggy. It was flavored with a Thai Basil, Peppercorn and Miso Scallion Vinaigrette. A little kick but not to spicy.   The Truffle Mac n' Cheese was in a mascarpone Italian cheese made from cream with cavatelli pasta shells and beech mushrooms. Very tasty but almost ordered the soft shell crab steamed bun.  Our Main Entre were the Bacon Wrapped Filet of Beef, Hoisin Braised Short Ribs , Kurobuta Pork Chop and the Miso Glazed Salmon.  The Bacon Wrapped Filet was prepared in a Balsamic Onion, Trumpet Mushrooms along with Blue Cheese Whipped Potatoes and wrapped in bacon. Very tender and flavorful. Awesome for the meat lover.  The Hoisen Braised Short Ribs came with Japenese Yams, Spinach and Shitake Mushrooms topped with Lotus Root. The  Meat on the ribs fell off the bone and was so tender and flavorful, I personally love the flavor of Hoisin.   The Kurobuta Pork Chop was a huge serving as it was actually 2 cuts of Pork Chops with double bones. The Pork chops were accompied with Brussel Sprouts and Bacon with an incredible 5 spice honey drizzle. I could have used an extra cup of the 5 spice honey drizzle just to dip eat slice of Pork chop. Gary our waiter told us that the Kurobuta Pork Chop is the Kobe Beef of Pork Chop. Another excellent dish.  The last entre that we ordered was the Miso Glazed Salmon served with Soba Noodles, Ginger, Bok Choy and Shitake Mushrooms. All the flavors were excellent, moist and tender.  I loved the Asian flare that all the dishes had with many of my favorite flavors and many new asian sauces.  We ended our meal with the Salted Caramel Cheesecake which was a work of art by itself. The cheesecake had a black sesame tuile on top, with huckleberry coulis and topped with smoked bacon ice cream with a circular frozen sugar accent.   Be prepared, all parking is valet, not unless you want to take a nice little hike up the hill.  Gary was our waiter and was excellent, he met all our needs and more for dinner. Gary also presented us with 2 - Coconut Lime Cupcakes, one for our anniversay and the other for my birthday, they were like heaven.  Besides the exceptional complete meal was my highlight of the evening as Gary setup our family to meet Chef Beau Macmillan,  Chef McMillen came to our table and spoke to us and thanked us for celebrating our anniversary and birthday at his restaurant, I asked him about his chefs table dinner and he gave us his business card if we were interested in his personal chefs table meal and at the end of our meal invited our family into his kitchen where we were able to take a photo with him.  All I can say is the experience was incredible from the atmosphere, service, exceptional view to one of the best meals I have ever had to the gracious hospitality of Chef Beau Macmillan.   Can't wait to come back to try the Chef's Table.  This was one of the most, if not the most memorable meal I have ever had and if you don't go you are missing out on one of the premier restaurants in Arizona.   Thanks Chef Beau Macmillan for an exceptional meal and experience!   Definitely 5 Plus Stars!~cheese appetizers thai miso cheese cheese pasta mushrooms bacon beef ribs pork miso salmon bacon onion mushrooms cheese bacon ribs yams spinach mushrooms lotus root ribs pork pork pork bacon honey honey pork pork beef pork miso salmon soba ginger mushrooms caramel bacon ice cream coconut lime cupcakes ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4QVwwI0_ypMirouY7gmkuQ~I'm sorry, I'm over buffets. Even this one doesn't impress me anymore and it's become a waste of money. When I was younger, I could eat and eat and eat but on this last trip to The Buffet, not that much looked appetizing to me. This most recent trip was for Sunday Brunch (~ 35 after tax tip Not sure if there is a kids price but there is no seniors price haha 70 minute wait we got there around 10 40am and the line wasn t even out the normal buffet area yet when we left at 1 30 it wrapped around the corner for who knows how long you could pay 15 per person to by pass the line ha 5 more gets you unlimited bubbly great servers and friendly staff very attentive with clearing plates and bringing drinks what s up with changing out the breakfast items at 1 30pm did the price change I heard breakfast was only 20 hmm the quality seems to go down each time I come here ie the crab legs were previously frozen and old the prime rib was cooked medium and dry the crepe was premade and cold the ice cream sorbet is always good and I like that they change out the flavors ie egg nog was delicious this is not about brunch but when we came to the dinner buffet last year people got sick very sick cough cough ~ice cream/ egg 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~f0LLNIQ0hSwhVDHHj4vcDA~Fresh Baked Bread to start! Great Tortilla Soup! A Good "Big Ass" Burger Great Service!~soup burger ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~uGmoWVKeUHEsd-i6beA6_A~The lobster roll here is really great. I've only been here once because I can never make it to the strip district during normal hours but I would definitely come back again. The service was particularly okay and the Bloody Mary was pretty good too! You can never go wrong with seafood and theirs is always fresh and delicious!~lobster roll ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Lam0tB9URG5SYeirT33YCQ~The Graze burger is the best burger I've ever had! Everytime I went there I can't resist the burger. It is a nice place to enjoy the view of the capitol while dining.~burger burger burger ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~OaZqGPFH19f1hh4MorJ0_Q~Graze occupies one of my favorite urban spaces in all of Madison, the old FirstStar bank plaza on the Capitol Square, next door to the (overpriced, overrated) L'Etoille. There are lots of big windows with great views of the Capitol building. I'd been here a couple of times to sample what may be the best selection of Wisconsin brews in town, but had never dined. The menu is small but eclectic, with a variety of oddball dishes (chicken and waffles?). Started with the goat meatballs . . . these were somewhat bland at first (particularly the meat), but the flavor grew on me after a few bites. I went with the Burger of The Week, which had onions carmelized in beer, ham, and coarse-grain mustard with greens. Very delicious, everything tasted fresh (not surprising given that their ingredients are all locally sourced). But the real star here was the french fries . . . they do literally melt in your mouth. They are also served with an aioli sauce, so for once I didn't have to ask for a side of mayo! My recommendation for now would be to get anything that has fries, but I look forward to returning and sample some of their other unique dishes.~chicken and waffles meatballs burger greens french fries ~4 
Burgatory~buffalo chedar-mozzarella-smoked gouda-fried egg-chicken chili-avacado-grilled pineapple-baby spinach-kingston jerk-kona crust-white american-sour cream-topless~yn65wglWWMGLQJtqLXvCgA~Took our daughter out for lunch on our way back home.  The service was excellent - Jessica was GREAT!  We had the Crab Shack, Phat Patti's Veggie and the Morty's Steakhouse burgers.  All of them were done to perfection and tasted fantastic.  Where they seemed to have real issues was with everything that was deep fried.  The onion rings would have had a great flavor but it was masked by the excessive grease left over from the deep frier - not worth the $ 7.50 we were charged given the poor quality!  The Chipotle-horseradish sour cream dipping sauce was very good but not good enough to warrant the $ 0.75 we were charged for an additional side portion.  The fires were limp and served colder then they should have been and their chips were over cooked and very greasy - possible issues with their deep frier temperature...  There was a $ 1.50 up charge to substitute the fries for their chips  - what a waste of $ 3.00 on the up charges!  The Caramel - Pretzel milkshake was very good but slightly more expensive than what I thought it should have been.  To recap, have one of their great burgers with a treat of a milkshake but skip the chips and fries.~burgers onion rings horseradish sour cream chips fries chips caramel milkshake burgers milkshake chips fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~phVW--8crU5u7lNoHbDSjw~Graze has the best fried cheese curds I've ever had. Their pastries (served during the farmers market) are excellent. The interior and location are great. I've been here a dozen+ times for brunch, lunch, and dinner. It's never my first choice for any of those, but if you are dining with others it is a crowd-pleaser. The Bibimbap, cheese curds, and bone marrow stood out.~cheese pastries cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~C_naLVbnMZ-0E2iM3Zz2kQ~This was the worst meal I have ever had.  Ordered a burger well done... It came rare.  Hostess was totally unfriendly and un-emotional.  I would never, ever set foot in this joint again.  1st time in Madison, came recommended, it was awful!  Felt ill after the experience.~burger ~1 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~khvMzlgAPX5p_lJe9dhWLA~Came here late on Saturday to the bar side to have some food and drinks. The place was pretty packed on the outside patio despite the heat, and they had some good music playing.  I had the most amazing burger here, no joke. A nice size burger patty on a pretzel bun  covered with their own cheese sauce that was oozing out of the sides of my burger and topped with 2 huge pieces of bacon..thats it!! WOW!! So much flavor.... I was in aahhh with every bite. I was sharing this with the husband and I didn't want to give up the other half. Fries were just my style, super skinny & crispy, topped with parmesan and garlic...mmmmm!! Also had the coconut chicken tenders with citrus honey ginger sauce, chicken was cooked wonderfully and that dipping sauce made it extra special.  My husband had the bartender make a grape martini for me, it was perfect, and after 2 of them I was done.   All I can say is YUM  !!~burger burger patty cheese burger bacon fries garlic coconut chicken honey ginger chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~5_10WqI8ExRcHCECj9YUow~Harold's Chicken off Cermack.  My wife and I stopped after Cubs game for our first time and loved it.  Long time Chicago fan, never lived.  The Chicken was out of the world and the 2 workers were great.  Yes we had to spend time as the chicken was cooked. Many reviews bring this up. This means the food is fresh! We did not know what to reply with what kind of sauce would you like. Went with mild. Turns out mild is great. Walked to the Hyatt and ate. My only wish is sauce on the side and more chicken. Googled the Harrolds name & a store in Wi resulted. Hey, I work 5 minutes away. Review was crazy bad. Do not know if publisher is a moron or if the "store" is run differently. Love the chicken and experience. Will go again. Have wanted to eat Harold's long time.~chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~nP6fUA1YmWO5GIQEWkoY7g~Three stars for now, and I want to go back a second time as I think it has potential.  Since I don't like spicy hot (but never give up on it) I asked for something not spicy and they gave me a dish that was extremely hot and I ate only a small amount of it.  I found out later that Butter Chicken would have been a better bet, so maybe that will be worth a try.  I didn't like the salad, it was a bit of lettuce and cucumbers and a couple of carrots with a watery dressing.  The naan was excellent and plentiful so I did not go away hungry.  Couldn't stop eating it.  Service was friendly and helpful.  Interesting to watch the guys behind the counter walking aimlessly around in circles but getting it done. It's a few weeks ago and I can't remember if the cutlery was real or plastic.  They would lose a star for plastic and/or paper plates.  I think they used a combination of paper and real plates, again not sure.  They heat up the food in the microwave but I tried to ignore that.  The food on display was impressive and very attractively displayed, I just wish I could eat some of it without my mouth being on fire.  In case you've never been there, it is a long steam table with many items.  Unpretentious and comfortable.  Very clean though I did not see the washrooms.  Back I go one of these days for another try, there has to be something there for me.~butter chicken salad lettuce ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~hIrVzl2j8GCzPhDjJfPLAA~My fellow foodie friend and I went to Graze yesterday for lunch, and were impressed by the space and the quality of the food.   We were, however, disenchanted by the high prices.    The good: My companion and I shared the pork buns and the pickle sampler for appetizers, and were delighted by both flavor and presentation.  The pork buns feature a generous slab of tender pork ensconsed (like a taco) in a soft, moist bread, and the 5-6 types of pickles (two types of picked cucumbers, cauliflower, daikon radishes, kim chi) came served in individual little bowls nestled on a wooden slab.  The pickle presentation was a delightful blend of rustic and artistic, and the house fermented veggies were the perfect pre-meal nosh.  For a main course, I had the beet and chevre salad, while my friend enjoyed the pork sandwich.  The pork sandwich  featured a liberal amount of moist, well-sauced pulled pork on a buttery brioche bun and came out with a lovely little side salad.  My beet and chev salad was both tasty and beautiful with pickled beet halves arrayed on field greens with a smattering of toasted pepitos and a creamy, well-balanced dressing.  Yum.  The bad:  With that said, the salad was way too expensive- not enough bang for the buck.  Priced at $10, you would expect the beet and chev salad to be entree sized, but this salad was too small to make a meal of it.   Compared to Marigold Kitchen's bountiful and comparably priced entree salads, the Graze salad was positively stingy.  If I hadn't had the appetizers, I would definitely have left wanting more but without enough left in my wallet to justify buying a snack from L'Etoile's renouned bakery.  Or even from Wal-Greens' snack aisle.  Wah wah.  In response to arguments that the price is that high because Graze uses local/organic ingredients, I myself am an avid locavore who has a CSA, shops at the co-op and is willing to spring for local/organic produce.  That being said, all of the main ingredients on the salad- the beets and greens- are IN SEASON right now, and I know from my own personal shopping at the Farmer's Market and Willy St. that it would cost, at most $1.50 to purchase the amount of beets and greens that were on my salad at the store.  Given how abundant these items are at this time of year and how SMALL the salad was, this salad should NOT have cost $10.  Especially for a venture associated with promoting fresh eating, this was a big disappointment.    In sum: Graze's food was delicious, but either the portion or the price of the salad needs to be adjusted because it is unjustifiably pricey. If the restaurant did that, I would be "grazing" there regularly.  Hopefully the second time is a charm... and a bigger portion.~pork appetizers pork pork taco pickles cauliflower beet salad pork sandwich pork sandwich pulled pork ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~jan1vlCCcA6sX_8ZLdLALg~Server was knowledgable and helpful with suggestions. Everything is fresh, selections change. The bibimbap with tofu, which was my first time with this dish and it was amazing. The charcuterie (pt and culatello) and cheese plate were excellent as well. Highly recommend Graze if you're in downtown Madison.~tofu culatello cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~hhPGFlk-BoqjEgxaYPGgcw~In one week of being in Phoenix I stopped at this place 3 times because they have a great happy hour! All we had were drinks and apps, but they were all very good and great priced. I mean $5 for a Manhattan is just crazy and it was very good. They Huckleberry margarita was also amazing. Service was also very good and I like atmosphere. Get in there for a "Big Ass" burger!~burger ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~qGu7yDodNJuja7-ovC6ZPw~When this buffet opened, it was the most incredible and stunning buffet in town. Being a local meant I was willing to drive all the way to the strip just for dinner at a buffet. Buffet's are everywhere - it's Vegas! This buffet was not like all the rest though. The desert station had a jaw dropping presentation and appeal that just drew people in to gawk. The food combined the most exquisite ingredients. Everything was fresh and the dining experience was surprisingly wonderful. You would never really know it was a buffet because the food isn't sitting in a chafer and the staff are always nearby tossing and preparing for your enjoyment.   Now, the food is just good and the dining experience is poor. People are packed in like sardines and tables are being bussed with tubs and trays all around you. It is difficult to get service if you need something, like a refill on your iced tea. Because of tourism, you also tend to experience the families that allow their children to run amuck so they can relax for a minute or two. I see this all too often - so I believe it must be the parents belief that the children are also on vacation - "So let them run and have fun!"   The spacing between tables does not allow for a dining experience but more like a marathon meal extravaganza. There are some really good quite seating locations within, but during busy nights - good luck getting one of them.   The pricing of this meal is about $35 dollars without alcohol.~tea ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~EmC2SEBthHa1eH-f2bGM8w~My absolute favorite place for happy hour, and during the summer happy hour lasts all night!!! I've never actually eaten dinner here because the happy hour food menu is enough to fill you up, but I think I've tried almost all the items on the happy hour menu and I would recommend every one: Ahi tacos, guacamole, green chile pork stew, big ass burger, seared ahi, lamb chops and fondue and the drink specials are all mouth wateringly delicious! Also, they have bleu cheese stuffed olives which top off an already perfect dirty martini. I'm in heaven in this place and go back often.   The bar area isn't too large, but happy hour is offered on both patio areas also, one of which is screened in and cooled. Very reasonable prices for happy hour items also, especially for the quality and quantity you receive.~tacos pork burger lamb cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~wZxUMBHsj8FS6d4XH-TDHQ~The tofu scramble was really, really good. Don't think it's going to be an actual scramble in any way. The tofu is merely folded into the sauce. But oh! that is a delicious sauce. I understand it changes seasonally, and were I closer, I'd get it every time it changed because I'm sure it'd be fantastic every time. The perfect dish to split after the cheese-fest that is the farmer's market across the way.~tofu tofu cheese ~4 
Bliss Rebar~mango salad-chicken green curry-kung pao shrimp-thai style mussels~hhTuI4rGOLF7NPjpH6Rlfg~Great for dinner out with friends! The place was pretty busy when we got there around 630 on a Saturday but calling ahead for a reservation got us outside seating which was perfect. There isn't a parking lot but lots of street parking.   The food was delicious! I had the veg Mac n cheese which was sooo good. My friend had the quinoa salad which she really liked. The portions are a descent size.   There is also a bar connected to the restaurant side which looked fun. The ambience was fun in that it had a cool looking outdoor bar out on the patio and a separate indoor bar.~cheese quinoa salad ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~XneYnu5CSULiMUvWvovIfw~I was a little unsure of this place based on some of the negative reviews but have had nothing but the best experiences the three times I have visited Mad Mex!  The service is what you would expect from young twenty somethings... Aka not the best but the beer menu is usually spot on so I will forgive their sub-par service.  The carnitas nachos are my fave! Really good and fresh ingredients used on all of their dishes, this one included. You get a boat load of nachos too!  I would definitely not call this a Mexican restaurant. More tex-mex or Cali Baja type menu but I will continue to frequent Mad Mex.~carnitas nachos nachos ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~E3WbWOs2cwIj8LvY2XTx-A~One of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.  The Happy Hour here is amazing, they offer $5 Margaritas and reduced priced appetizers.  The size of the appetizers is significant so they can easily substitute for a dinner entree.  I usually order the Big Ass Burger for $10 (the name is pretty accurate). My son and husband usually get the Kettle of Green Chile Pork and the Pork Wings respectively, often times paired with a salad. Happy Hour begins at 4pm and there is often a line waiting to get in, well worth the wait!    If we forgo the Happy Hour menu, which is rare, I usually order the Bacon-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with White Falls Mill Cheese Grits and Mexican Street Corn and my husband gets the Rib Eye, both are delicious!  Definitely make reservations if going for dinner, it can get crowded.~appetizers appetizers burger pork pork salad bacon pork white cheese grits corn ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~mT_-t3Z-1fJfsvUqWmFCGQ~Yelp did us right by this restaurant. We initially tried to eat here for lunch, and found out they only serve dinner. So we came back for dinner the next night. The service was good and the burgers were huge! You can't go wrong with dinner here!~burgers ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ZH2blQ3FeONVrknxm6vhqQ~When I cannot go to Moti Mahal on Gerrard Street, I will go here.   Chicken Biryani good, Chicken and Goat Kebobs good, Dessert selection good. They have a huge selection of food. Try it.~chicken biryani chicken ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~nNlSp_Qcc2GEqvf45MjAGA~I LOVE this place. Whether you are a local or a winter visitor, you can't go wrong with Roaring Fork (RF).    1.  They have THE BEST happy hour.  $10 Big Ass Burger and $8 green chilie pork are the favorites.  Everyone LOVES the HH food - it is top quality.  I do the $5 vodka martini - very generous pour. HH is from 4 - 7 Tues through Sat. HH is all night long on Sun and Mon. 2.  The barendars are THE BEST. George, Stefan, Derek, Christine, and Mark, make every customer feel special. 3. The dinner menu is stellar and have enough variety for your entire party. 4. Based on all the above, the place is PACKED at all times. Plan accordingly.~burger pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5WSCfG7BMWyRoJX_p3ImFA~We went there for the breakfast/brunch on a Sunday. Pretty good food, but the wait was horrible, a bit over an hour standing there hungry. If you go early (i.e. before 9), it's supposed to be a lot faster.  The made to order omelettes were pretty good, and the bacon was crispy, as were the waffles. I don't recommend the cupcakes, however, they taste like they came out of a box. The other baked goodies and breads were good. We didn't try any of the seafood, and the prime rib was decent but not great. The fruit salad was better than other places, but we had a hard time finding good fruit in Vegas. The price includes juice, sodas, coffee or tea, but if you want an espresso drink of some sort, they charge you extra and have to go to the bar, which means a long wait. The servers were good and very friendly. For a buffet, it was pretty decent, but don't expect gourmet restaurant cuisine.  Lovely hotel though.~bacon cupcakes breads salad coffee tea ~3 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~M5vVa3q-Xzir6mFFZsgZQw~What can I say, this place has it all. Great service, a hugh variety of food to choose from.  I really like their pesto chicken grilled pizza, but I could go on forever with all my favorites. Check out there craft beers too.  Simply delicious.~chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Xold_IIrP-BJruEDX1alnw~Great happy hour menu, make sure you get the pork green chili or the big ass burger.~pork burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~DBIiyTP3CDSOArjy-QMX9Q~Checked it out for Happy Hour yesterday.  Get there early because it gets packed!  We managed to swipe a table in the back.    Good service!  Margaritas were tasty and cheap.  The Big Ass Burger is BIG.  I don't think I could finish it on my own, and I am a burger guy!  We split it in quarters and shared it.  It was delish!  What else?  The pork stew thing was my favorite and the Lamb Chop fondue dish was decadent!  I would say it is a bit more pricey than most Happy Hours, but then again, the quality is pretty high!  The crowd was a little more...  conservative than I normally like but all good right?~burger burger pork lamb ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~8U-4wiwNRuZgRXPeuXA2Wg~This was one of the best meals I've had in Madison!  I went to school there so coming back 5 years later I went to some old favorites but decided to try somewhere new as well and was very impressed with it here. To start I had the seasonal punch which was peach flavored and absolutely delicious. My boyfriend and I split the graze burger and the mac and cheese with pulled pork, both of which were stellar! The atmosphere of the place and the view of the Capitol wasn't too shabby either!  Will definitely be making this place a must-go next time I'm in town.~peach burger mac and cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~i8LuJIrw07crPkgWYegxPQ~Graze has a modern feel to it and is located right in the middle of everything. The food is new-age fusion which is a nice change from the typical cheese-curds and beer, but some of the plates seem to be trying too hard to be hip.   The food is definitely fun, and the portions are great, but I can't say that the food was great. I probably sound like a tool saying this, but it felt like the dishes were made just so they could label them as organic, local, vegan, etc. There isn't anything wrong with that. I love it when restaurants are accommodating, but flavor shouldn't have to be sacrificed.  Come for the ambiance and to try out new things. Just don't get too hyped up.~cheese ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~6o6mKrWuN8TrWV1jpDMvAw~First of all, delicious food!  I had the Big Ass burger and it did not disappoint!  Their Chicken Tortilla soup is one of the best I've ever had.  And you have to try their green chili mac and cheese! We had a group of 10 girls for my friend's bachelorette party and they were great!  I made reservations about a week before, and they had the table set up, confetti included, ready for us! Our waitress was outstanding, and I couldn't have asked for a better group dinner!~burger chicken soup mac and cheese ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~fNg0QlbdzylGuFPzakt_wA~Ordered the Curry Mix with Chicken Katsu, Hamburger Beef, and BBQ Steak, Spam Saimin, and Thai Tea. The food portions are large and for a great price. Fried rice is tasty. Mac salad is yummy and creamy with flavor. Large Thai Tea was really large, and just 3.00, for a 32 oz!!! Overall, a pretty great place for a great price. If you are looking for local desserts, not quite the place. They offer fried ice cream...no malasadas....or any kine of haupia pie..~chicken hamburger beef steak thai tea fried rice salad thai tea desserts ice cream pie ~4 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~IjsIrswmArFQZXMYTwxxRA~What more can I say about this place? It nearly ties with Panera Bread. Great food everytime you go and grubbin' salad bar. The one thing that I was not so keen on was that the line forms where a row of booths are and then sick people lean on the wall of your booth and cough and you really notice it when you are sitting in that booth. Long story short...Don't sit at the booth when you go there to eat.~salad ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~JoAz7Zx8RP2z555s13yteg~My boyfriend and I love this place. The cheese curds are the best in Madison, and every entree we have ever had has been phenomenal. The graze burger in particular is to die for and is totally worth the $21 price tag. We have never had a poor experience with service, though it usually is a long wait. We have resorted to having a late dinner (~9 30pm just so that we can go there and walk right up to get a table ~cheese burger 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~CoOgXRgZO3k2xLfSjcL_ow~Very thorough selection with solid quality. It isnt your meal for 1.99 Vegas classic, but you can be sure that you won't be sick after it! A variety of American, Japanese, Mexican, Indian, and everything in between food. The dessert room (yes, a whole room) is large, with fresh ice cream in addition to the pastries and cakes. A large selection of teas if coffee isnt your thing. Lines can be long, but move quickly. Usually a hook up can be acquired if you're staying there and are gambling (as we do).~ice cream pastries coffee ~4 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~mwWBtE1Yz1n0aqAoPBY0zA~I came here for dinner with my bf on a Friday night. We both got a pizza cone combo with an upgrade of tornado fries. The staff were super nice and friendly. There's seating inside but it's a bit limited. Luckily there's plenty of outdoor seating in the plaza. The concept is pretty unique, it's the first pizza cone I had so I wasn't sure what to expect. I got the Hawaiian pizza cone, as I'm a big fan of pineapple. I wasn't disappointed, there's plenty of pineapples, ham and cheese! The cone was pretty much what I expected, pizza in the form of a cone minus the tomato sauce and plus lots more cheese. My bf got the spicy chicken pizza cone which had plenty of peppers, and wasn't super spicy. They do offer Parmesan cheese as a topping for their tornado fries which was a plus.~fries pineapple cheese tomato cheese chicken cheese fries ~3 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~gU2x1aj93Fc6qua7HZZLZA~Okay, honestly, Honey Bear's couldn't hang in Memphis, Birmingham, Houston, or Lockhart  ... and fortunately for them, they don't need to 'hang' because they are smoking their meats in the BBQ wasteland of Phoenix, AZ.    Because I fancy myself a BBQ expert (note: I'm more of a brisket purist), its difficult to rate HB's based on the integrity of the THEIR OWN meat and not as a comparison to others Valley and Nation-wide. This is exactly 'why' I think many of their rating suffer because everyone has undoubtedly had better BBQ elsewhere, wherever you may hail from, and it takes a stringent push from one's own natural reflexes to resist matching HBs up to 'local awesome BBQ joint'.  BBQ connoisseurs are funny like that.  So, overall, HB's earns a 3-star based on the following:  Pork Ribs - I'm more of a beef rib expert, but these ribs were generous and plentiful in their combo plate.  I was surprised that there was very likely a whole half-rack on my plate.  They are very tasty even without the sauce, with a nice peppery rub that did not dry out the meat.  Smoked Chicken - Juicy but slightly greasy.  This is amongst the most difficult smoked meat to pull off due to the propensity for it to become a stringy, dehydrated mess.  I don't think I would order it again, but the flavor was pretty decent and I don't regret trying it.  Pulled Pork - I got a 1/2 lb of pulled pork as a side meat, along with a couple of extra buns to make as a half-sandwich (a glob of meat on a half bun, folded over like a taco).  This is the only time I typically use sauce to counterbalance the white bread, whether its pork, brisket, or sausage.  I was surprised by how dry the pork was, particularly because pork is fatty and juicy, but here at HB's it was extra lean.  I thought I would hate the pork bc of this fact, but the sauce saves it from being a choking bolus of pig and flour.  Now I understand why they typically put this on a full bun and drown it in sauce.  As the 'specialty' of this restaurant, its kind of a gaffe that the quality is poor, but as a consumer, I'd order it again in limited amounts, and only as a 'side'.  Why?  Because I can provide my own perfect ratio of bread:pork:sauce.  Otherwise, I don't think that HB's could build me a pulled pork sandwich I could be happy with.  Sauce - If you don't know any better you'd think it was tip-top.  Sure, its 'pretty good', but its most-definitely a one-note mixture.  Too sweet for their peppery rubs.  A spicier sauce would do the trick better, IMO.  Corn on the Cob - Serviceable, but soggy and strangely devoid of spices typical of southern cuisine.  Cowbro Beans - Awesome.  Smokey flavor, thick sauce, and chunks of their smoked sausage.  Great compliment to a BBQ dinner.  Soda Fountain - The city's best.  BBQ restaurant staples such as 1a) Dr Pepper 1b) Big Red.  Their 'cola' is RC and they have Hines Rootbeer, Sunkist, Country Time Lemonade, and 7-Up.  They did some solid research on the fluid necessities of BBQ palates.  They also have a fridge of beer.  Price -  All that, which I described above came out to $33 with a large tip because the guy behind the counter was very cool.  It fed two hungry people during the season finale of LOST, with plenty extra for leftovers.  Very pleased in this area.  Overall - Hey, its PHX, and here we are better adapted to 'fill-ins' for our favorite spots back home.  It happens in every culinary category, from philly cheesesteaks to fish n chips; gnocchi to Q.  Why should this place be any different?~honey pork ribs beef ribs chicken pulled pork ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~I2azwz43455MiKtY5dau7A~In my opinion, people who complain about the Wynn Buffet being an expensive buffet have to keep in mind where they are: at a buffet. If they want an all-the-steak-they-can-eat $10.99 buffet, walk down the street to Circus Circus. If they want the best ingredients in town, don't go to a buffet. There's tons of fantastic restaurants to choose from.  However, as buffets go, the Wynn is our favorite (aside from the Sterling brunch at Bally's, but that's over the top) for good food, lots of it, and no fuss. The quality and variety can vary -- I read an interesting review on here about the ethnicity of the kitchen staff versus the best food, and I think he's right that there is a connection. However, the desserts are also wonderful -- the coffee ice cream is possibly the best I've ever had. All are homemade and a cut above the usual.   Compared to other buffets, such as the fairly good Paris, the pretty good Mandalay Bay, and the mediocre Luxor, the Wynn is a wee bit more expensive (though I admit I have not tried the Bellagio) but worth the money. Two suggestions, however: be careful what time you go, as there is almost always a line. Second, go later in the shift. For example, if brunch ends at 11:30 and lunch begins at 12:00, go at 11:15 -- you pay the less expensive breakfast price and can get lunch too.~steak desserts coffee ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~eQ1YCS9Bjms5NWHcH4_HZA~I have been back to Graze twice for food since my first review. I continue to be impressed by the food and my most recent server was really great. But the server I had for my second visit caused me to reevaluate my five stars. I took two friends from out of town there for brunch, and since they weren't from Wisconsin, some curds were a necessity. We ordered those as an appetizer. And waited... and waited... Our entrees came out. The waitress asked if we needed anything else at the moment. "Just waiting on those cheese curds." We waited some more and ate our entire entrees. Still no cheese curds, and since we ordered them as apps we were pretty annoyed at this point. The waitress came back, asked how everything was, and said she would go check on the curds. Finally, after finishing our meals and waiting beyond that, the curds came and had solidified in the middle instead of being hot and gooey. The waitress's excuse was that "a weird amount of people had ordered cheese curds at the same time." And that was it. She did not offer to comp them nor did she really apologize. We had ordered a full order and barely ate half because we were full from our entrees. I was really disappointed in her service. Offering to comp something makes all the difference in a diner's experience, and she chose not to do this.~cheese cheese cheese ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~J-Oi3OsSz73Kj-dfdy2uqg~For the price and the class of the hotel, this buffet was a bit of let-down. I didn't get the high class quality I had at the Bellagio or Cosmopolitan buffet.   They had crab legs, only cold ones, in a messy pile. I've had warm steamed ones at  much lower level buffet restaurants. Sushi seemed to have been refrigerated for a while. I didn't like the taste of coffee for some reasons, but I guess I'm just too picky.  Tables were crammed in. I felt like I was sitting at a food court, sort of.   Overall foods taste all good, but I give this buffet the same grade as Mirage's Cravings, which is much cheaper.~sushi coffee ~3 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~DHLlNa-q8vhhU6XhP6AG8A~The wings were good and my wife's salad was pretty good, but I had a 22oz big azz margarita and then two 12oz ones on happy hour.  I don't know if there was any alcohol at all in any of them to be honest.  I think that is a rip-off, so you are better off getting beer at this location or making friends with the bartender.   I felt no effect at all from 46oz of margarita?  Really?  i was sitting outside, so couldn't see the bartender make the drinks.  I am a former owner of a bar and years of experience in the industry, so it ins't like I don't know what I am talking about.  Anyway, the food was okay and service was okay.  I just would like to get what I pay for when it comes to drinks.   Maybe next time I will ask for the tequila on the side, so I can actually see if they put any in at all!~salad ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~zJNdsBl36xwdXwFDVPmTAA~So boring, skip this review now. My waiter needed training in basic portions. When you ask the waiter how large the portion is of a certain dish and they respond, "large enough that 4 people should be satisfied", you tend to think that is enough for one person. Well I was so disappointed in the portion size and the blandness of my dish that I couldn't even muster an emotion. I just wanted to cry because of the outrageous price I was going to pay for such a sad meal. Sure I could have called the manager over and he would have made sure everything was taken care of and that I would be back again to give them another shot. But really, besides the name of the restaurant, I can not think of another reason to come back.   The food was so-so. The atmosphere was like anything I would expect from a corporate concept restaurant. If you like boring corporate cookie cutter ideas... this is your place. If you like an artist with a passion, please try any thriving mom and pop.   The macaroni and cheese is so-so. Save your money and steal some kids mac & cheese or go to Vig or Sauce.    boring!!!!~macaroni and cheese ~2 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~RTqKLkx02zG39dv7aYtbBA~fantastic food and cute host, the spider roll is yummy,  and especially the corstini bread in the mussel dish is the best corstini I've ever had. Crab cake is so good as well, and i love their oyster combined with different two types which are fresh and worth to try.~crab cake ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~rrdLVvN7d0p7xA_LoU6umw~Foigra was delicate and light...lobster was heavenly and fresh...Petaluma Chicken was very tender and perfectly tasty...cheesecake was unique and perfect...service was awesome.~chicken ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~gNBsY1ybXNkgQEPW0t3mCQ~The Roaring Fork was a pleasant surprise. After finding out that the restaurant we wanted to eat at had closed down, we decided to try the Roaring Fork. I had looked at the menu earlier that day online and wasn't that impressed so I wasn't expecting much. But I was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious, the service was great and we were seated right away, no reservations needed. The prices were very reasonable too.  I had the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin which our server recommended. It was so good. The smokiness of the bacon offset the sweet corn perfectly. The cheesy grits on bottom added a nice creaminess to the dish. All the flavors complimented each other. I usually don't like pork tenderloin that much (I'm more of a beef, lamb, wild game or seafood kind of gal), but this dish changed my mind about pork tenderloin. It can be juicy and delicious! My son had the rainbow trout which was delicious and cooked perfectly. Hubby got the 22oz bone in ribeye steak which was huge and cooked a perfect medium rare. It was juicy and flavorful. He also got a side of the jalapeo mac 'n cheese which good too.   Definitely worth checking out if you are ever in Scottsdale!~bacon pork bacon corn grits pork beef lamb pork steak cheese ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~hu_aPMcB8ij5jyuCyafusQ~I remember reading about this place in NOW magazine years ago and we were driving by, I needed water and so we stopped and I ran in. I saw the line up of amazing looking foods! I ran out, grabbed boyfriend and we went in and ordered food! I had a combo of the butter chicken and I think tikka masala (can't remember) now. Everything was great and the meal included naan! Know that you're eating in a fast foody feeling environment, next to a car wash, where you're surrounded by taxi drivers (who clearly know their food). Don't come here for a romantic dinner, come for the great food! Prices are pretty good as well! Mmmm..am hungry thinking about it!~butter chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~cTpfghyzstxE0xLWlitvwA~Roaring Fork was the highlight of our Scottsdale vacation. Highly recommend !  The duck was fantastic. For me it's rarely done perfectly but RF nailed it. Juicy and perfectly cooked. The steak was also nicely (but not overly) seasoned. I've had a couple of overlooked medium rare steaks recently at top steakhouses so I was a little cautious. They got this one right.  Oh the sides: The Mac and cheese with chilies was spectacular. Get your carbs on. And the corn, soooo good.  Simplicity is good and RF made a straight forward menu really come to life. I will return....soon~steak steaks mac and cheese ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~P3cGNmMxc_7P2wnOsLAcFg~Last night, while the family opted for Pizza Pizza, I sauntered across the street to King Palace.   It is located next to a hand car wash, and surely does not win prizes for ambiance.  They feature a nicely displayed steam table with a wide variety of Indo-Pak specialties, with a wonderful fresh baked nan bread.  I randomly picked a nice chicken dish, a wonderful lentil dal, and the aforesaid nan. The chicken was served on a perfectly cooked rice, nice seasoned and cooked very well.  It took about 3 minutes to be served and walk out with a bag of goodies. I could have saved a few dollars if I had chosen on their combos, but the menu was so extensive that I opted for creating my own.  It is quick, available, good, tasty and millions of cabbies can't be wrong. And for those of you who look for it its Halal.~chicken dal chicken ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~Q8tx95upGgzDvClJxM4BWQ~Graze is one of my favorite mid-upscale places to eat in Madison. The quality of their food and drinks is outstanding, and it is clear that a lot of thought goes into the menu. The cocktail menu has something for most tastes, and seems to rotate - the last time I was at Graze, all of the cocktails had Will Smith themes. Currently, they are all Shakespeare-related. Clever and fun!  I highly recommend the bibimbap for a twist on the classic Korean dish. The crisped rice cakes at the bottom are fantastic. Their charcuterie and mac and cheese with pulled pork are excellent as well.  No reservations and a modestly sized menu are the only downsides - if you are an extremely picky eater or in a hurry, you may want to save your Graze experience for a different time.~mac and cheese ~5 
Yummy Cone~yummy cone special-bbq chicken-hawaian cone-persian pizza-turkey breast-chicken mushroom-greek salad-onion rings-fries~Okx-yWqXyRcI_SvvKgQNAw~There are no surprises here- it tastes just like pizza, just in a cone shape and without tomato sauce. I don't particularly like tomato sauce too much anyway, so that was a plus for me! I liked how the cone was not greasy, and it didn't become soggy, but remained crispy. It also wasn't messy to eat, unlike burritos or tacos, probably because the cheese held all the ingredients together. They put a LOT of cheese in it- if you're not a huge fan of cheese, you probably wouldn't like it too much.   The portion size is quite small; don't expect to be full from just the cone. I got the yummy cone special combo with tornado fries, and that along with the drink are likely what filled me up. My friend ordered the hot & spicy chicken combo with onion rings. He got a large amount of onion rings, and they weren't over-battered nor over-deep-fried. For an extra $3, I think it's worth getting a combo.   For a meal that's more like fast-food, the wait time was way too long. It took 13 minutes for us to get our food after ordering! I guess that's why they ask if you'd want your side before the cone or at the same time.  We also got tricked by Groupon's wording. :( $12 for 2 groupons, worth $10 each. It's $10 per two people (despite the small print stating "limit one per person"). So you can't use two $10 groupons in one visit with two people. I guess I will have to be back, now that I have another groupon to use up.~tomato tomato burritos tacos cheese cheese cheese fries chicken onion rings onion rings ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Pcd5noVjmfmcbks_0urYpg~Based on the Roaring Fork happy hour last night, I had to update my review, and it was another 5 star experience for sure.  I met my boyfriend there around 6pm, and we waited just about 10 minutes until two seats opened up at the bar... The entire bar area was packed though - it's no secret how fantastic the happy hour prices are at RF!  The bar service was perfect - (thanks Ryan) and for a total of $33 before tip, we walked out full from the following: -a glass of Cab Sauv ($5) -a field greens salad with fresh beets, apples, candied walnuts and goat cheese ($5) -fish tacos that came with avocado, tomato, lettuce, salsa ($7) -a half roasted chicken that came with beans, tortillas, avocado, and additional garnish ($12)   We were completely satisfied, ambiance was fun (we made friends with our neighbors on either side), and food was phenomenal!    Helpful hint we were told for next time - if you order the salad and ask them to split it in the kitchen, they will put a full goat cheese fritter on both plates!  We're already planning to order that way next time!  Thanks for another fantastic meal, Roaring Fork - see you again soon!~greens salad cheese tacos avocado tomato lettuce salsa chicken tortillas avocado salad cheese ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bXkknhXYF8Xn-DwJo3-b1A~Forgot my poached egg in the noodle bowl for brunch. Luckily I am a forgiving person. Everything else was delicious. My partner in crime had the eggs Benny and ate that shit like no tomorrow. *hi five, graze*~egg ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~PZezMpibADw4a1AvnRnJgA~Late night- Street meat, Mcdonalds, Deli food ....hmmm...OH how about KING PALACE!!!   less then $15 you get yourself a three meat combo and they have such a large selection. Items are very spicy , which i love and at this time of the night when there are no other options. AMAZING!  Everybody that i have brought here have loved this place. The butter chicken is amazing, but has gotten more and more sweeter over the years. That is why I always get the chicken tikka masala as well.  I think that there may have been a change in ownership and the original owners opened up a place called King Place. I have not been there as of yet, i think that is on my TO do list.~butter chicken chicken ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~BbTw7hI9565Mxi9id_q18Q~Good service. Very trendy, lots of hipsters and pretentious dbs. But. Good beer selection. GREAT cheese selection and this is the Rome of cheese. Fried cheese curd were extraordinary. The strozzopreti will test your allegiance to the Master Spice.~cheese cheese cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~bdzwy1QRQJX4Cwv_yfCCnw~Zing Zing Zing!! Honey Bear's BBQ is my go to BBQ spot in downtown phoenix.  Meal of choice: is the pulled chicken sandwich, coleslaw, and tall RC Cola.   I usually eat my sandwich open face with lots of sauce. Luckily, they always have a kettle of warm and zingy BBQ sauce available for the dine in guests. Beyond the BBQ being spot on the sides always seem to be just as delicious. Coleslaw, Mac n Cheese, Potato Salad, Sweet Potato Fries, etc............  My only qualm as of recently is it seems they have changed the coleslaw a bit. They made the portion larger which is awesome! But it's got some new things in it and I didn't enjoy it as much as usual. Bring back the old stuff!!~honey chicken sandwich ~4 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~KTvRWIGs3kGjiz-9YJCraw~This place used to be the best. But about 6 months ago I started noticing a slight decrease in quality. The butter chicken is much greasier than it used to be. The nan is still good, but they increased the price to about $13 for a meal, which is slightly more than I want to pay for the decreased quality.   We used to go every week, but now its less than once a month and~butter chicken ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~ooiaxjBDE2qQ_mH_IlA4DQ~Honestly, I was just parking here to go around the corner to get my eyebrows done. Figured I'd order something as I was using there lot.. But that was a horrible idea.   THEY MICROWAVE THE FOOD. They have a hot table but I assume it doesn't work.. So they nuke everything, IN STYROFOAM containers... HELLO CARCINOGENS. No idea how long everything had been sitting there, but some trays of food had thick layers of grease built up on the top.  I walked in around 6pm and they had trays of food lining every possible free space, but there were NO customers. A couple cabbies walked in as I left. I ordered a butter chicken and rice combo, and almost walked out without the salad and drink it was supposed to come with because I had to ASK for the drink and salad, as opposed to the server just giving me what the combo entailed. And the butter chicken tasted insanely sweet, probably the worst butter chicken I have ever had. Don't know who came up with that recipe. I had a couple spoonfuls and tossed it in the bin. I really had higher expectations for this place considering the insane amount of food they have out..  Would have been better off just paying for parking on the street.. :(~butter chicken salad salad butter chicken butter chicken ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~BL_9qld1YIb5SdP1YdIEaQ~One of my favorite restaurants in the valley!   They have the best happy hour location and best burger.  Great decor and excellent waitstaff!~burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~aqORszxT7R4VOFK10KH-ww~We went for happy hour on a Friday at 6:30. Waited 12 minutes for a table  for four - not bad considering how crowded they were. The place was relaxing and accommodating (we had a disabled companion with us).  Our server was Shay and she was as good a waitress as I have ever had. Just the right combination of personable, helpful, efficient and not over-fawning. I would go back just to be in her section. Ask for her - you will not be disappointed! The food was fabulous. I had the Green Chile Pork Stew (on Shay's recommendation) and I now crave it. Hubby had the Big Ass burger which was just that. And while it was excellent, it could not be called a signature dish like mine. The tortilla soup was very good and surprising.  We enjoyed the salads as well. We all had the Guava Mojito which was quite good. Our dining companions raved about the Huckleberry Margaritas which they had on a previous visit so we are looking forward to trying them next time. I would like to try another dish but I suspect I will not be able to resist the pork stew. I highly recommend this restaurant and it is now at the top of our list of relaxed, delicious, reasonably priced happy hour spots in Scottsdale. We WILL be back!~pork burger soup salads guava pork ~5 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~zMss-82EqOMe9xW9qqBkaA~Stopped off for lunch and was very happy we did.  Had "highly stocked" lobster in the bisque, light calamari with perfect marinara sauce and HUGE, awesome, flavorful and moist cod sandwich to die for.  Very happy with the attentive wait staff.  Even used a yelp coupon that was happily accepted.  Wish we lived nearby, we'd be here all the time.  Highly recommended.~sandwich ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~2pmuqNA2UszGImRp0KeXBQ~I am a total cupcake fan girl so when my friend hyped about PG cupcakes I had to try them. I don't live in Toronto so I was really hoping that their cupcakes were amazing.  PG cupcakes isn't easy to find if you don't know the area. It's hidden underground in the First Canadian Place right by the food court.  There was a line when I got there around mid afternoon. The line wasn't slow yet fast. I bought a dozen mini cupcakes to share with my family and friends so I got the chocolate with strawberry and vanilla icing, vanilla with chocolate icing, and the red velvet cupcakes. These came up to $18.95 (no tax included). The packaging is very nice and the storefront is cute...but did the cupcakes taste amazing? I thought the cake tasted like any other cupcake and there was a bit too much icing. However, I liked the strawberry icing because you can actually tell that they used real strawberries.  Next time I'll just stick to buying cupcakes around the Mississauga area or just make them myself. PG cupcakes weren't worth the drive to Toronto.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes cake cupcakes cupcakes ~2 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~JS0fskkBkekxzt06mE1org~This is an amazing buffet and the best value in the Wynn!    Any restaurant in the Wynn will charge minimum $18-25 per entree, and drinks are added on.   At the buffet, coffee/ice/tea and even the amazing juiced drinks ($9-11 on their own outside the buffet) are included!    Best value is going about 10:30 am and you get breakfast, plus lunch items when they change over at 11.    Our family of 4 ate there and my husband and I didn't eat again the rest of the day!!!~coffee tea ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~_jzgCGathCZfZPLc_FIAEw~I really enjoyed this restaurant. The location is great. The restaurant is comfortable clean and I loved being able to sit and look out the beautiful glass walls to the city and capitol bldg. Nice variety of beers. The pretzel appetizer was great I loved all the different mustards it came with . I'm from r.I. and this was my first time having cheese curds I thought they were really good. The service was super friendly and excellent. The reason for only three stars is the burger was not that good ..it was just ok..I did not like the English muffin it was served on and the burger itself was small and just not that tasty at all..would not get it again!prices were ok..burger was 11dollars but not worth it..like I said worth the atmosphere and location I would give it another chance and try something different next time..my friend got the wegde salad and enjoyed it. It was an overall really good experience~cheese burger burger burger salad ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~xYeXqRP0CeyN9oVdXwEeIg~Incredibly fresh tasting food. We came for brunch and were surprised the number of choices. From egg sandwich to pork belly noodles, the range was amazing. Only complaint is that the wait was an hour and then our server was impossibly slow. Otherwise, we would come back again.~egg sandwich pork ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~6H2kdqUx69CLn27j64Bscw~Went for brunch and was quite pleased with the food and service. I was happy to find vegetarian options, despite advertising themselves as a free-range meat restaurant. The beet salad for brunch is awesome; sounds weird but is really tasty!~beet salad ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~xD4AWuHuoA8GmMzlPXxx5w~The barbecue chicken is delicious. I only gave it three stars because they only serve it on Fridays. Bummer.~chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wlNuN7YTNFYOsvzr5AgLTQ~Wow I can't believe I went to a buffet and I actually felt like I got my money's worth.  We don't eat meat so we were happy to see various seafood options.    I tried the salmon, lox, sushi, indian food, a piece of french toast, shrimp cocktails, all kinds of veggie sides, and tons of desserts. :) There's nothing that will make you go OMG! but it's a buffet so that's expected. Definitely a great place to have brunch and recover from a night of no sleep.   The decor is fun, something out of Alice in Wonderland and the service is prompt to get in and relaxed and polite once you're inside.   We spent over two hours here leisurely trying small portions of each thing so we wouldn't feel stuffed.  Ended it with a cup of coffee and awesome company. :)~salmon sushi french toast shrimp desserts coffee ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ifEiLPYH2ZTHsd7veUNqsw~yet another californian who reviews vegas =)  have been going to wynn buffet for quite some time and have been going to bellagio buffet before this one and... this one takes the cake.   the line is normally 1hr+ wait but once you get there, you're extra hungry and it's worth it. i love the sections where you can customize your own pasta, congee, noodles, etc.   the prime rib is too bloody for me but sometimes they'll have things like kobe beef, they usually have duck, lamb, etc.   shrimp + crab are always good although the quality of the crab varies from time to time. there's usually always a line for seafood. who'd think that you go to the dessert for seafood haha  servers are usually pretty decent considering the amount of people they have to care for, haven't had too many problems despite the few times when i had to go without diet coke for 10 minutes. you just have to be aggressive and know how to flag them down (because they for sure will not come to you asking if things are ok)  desserts are mostly okay.. i always get a bunch just to sample them and see what's good and always with coffee. they have ice cream, cake, mousse, pie, etc. some are ok, some are AMAZING. ahhhh overload.   the wait time is really the only thing you can complain about here... well, and your expanding waistline.~cake pasta beef lamb shrimp coke desserts coffee ice cream cake pie ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~br7uLvNaXXLpe-LWP9ZgzA~My favorite happy hour spot... And my cousin agrees! We have come here several times for their fabulous kettle chilli verde pork and martinis. Both of these items are on the happy hour menu. Other favorites are the flatbread, big ass burger (yes it's ginormous), and their amazing fish tacos.  My best friend loves their huckleberry margaritas. I've been coming to this place for happy hour for the past 7 years and will be a continuing customer because of their delectable and affordable bites. Thank you RF!~pork burger tacos ~5 
Aloha Hawaiian Bbq~chicken mix-seafood combo-fried shrimp sandwich-pork sandwich-hamburger steak-garlic shrimp-bbq pork~dIdZc5NEx1QrpTTUSlAK6g~Got the short ribs.  All fat!  Very disappointing.  BBQ Chicken also very fatty.macaroni salad has very little flavor.  Don't trust the multi star reviews.  This place is a bummer.~ribs bbq chicken ~2 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~-U6CW9XWEKAS22Dfuk_7Tw~Never again. I bought 4 regular sized cupcakes from here on Thursday and today (Saturday) we still have two left. A big feat in our household but not really because these cupcakes suck.  The Red Velvet, the first one we tried, was grainy and chalky. The icing and the cake somehow resembled sand and left an unpleasant texture in our mouth. A few hours later we persevered and tried the Coconut one. While the cake was actually moist it was still a terrible cupcake. The icing to cupcake ratio is WAY off. I have never considered scraping off icing into the garbage until I tried these cupcakes. The coconut shreds on top were so dry and tasteless.  Update: Tried the other two: Blueberry and Cream and Peanutbutter Banana. I don't know what to tell you Prairie Girl but the colour blue doesn't equal the flavour blueberry. I've tried several crayons and the same holds true of orange, just for future reference. Peanutbutter Banana one was actually decent, but not worth $3.  And what about this place is meant to be anything about a Prairie or Girl? It looks like the store was designed by a corporate robot who moved to the city and couldn't comprehend interior decorating or touches of design.  None of the cupcakes in the sparse display had name tags. Instead you had to look and pick off a wall menu with pictures. Hello, have you ever been to a bakery? Did you think it was not enticing to see the actual cupcake next to it's name?  The icing on the cupcake was the man behind the counter didn't want to fill up my water bottle because he wasn't sure about the tap water. TORONTO TAP WATER. IN A BAKERY.  Wow, this place makes me so mad. I will never in my life recommend this place to anyone.~cupcakes cupcakes cake coconut cake cupcakes coconut banana banana cupcakes ~1 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~vVkQkv6vXLVKUsFZNE9ktg~Good eats.  My food was just short of epic.  The beef sandwich was delicious and the pork ribs were fantastic.  The ribs are not skimpy on the meat and it comes right off the bone.  Loved the sauce, very tangy and has a good kick.  I arrived just before the lunch crowd began to pick up.  Looks like it can get a bit hectic when large crowds come due to all the people swarmed around the small counter ordering and picking up their meals.~beef sandwich pork ribs ribs ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~4WWbuC0icecRreAC5wkDjg~Ate here while visiting the Scottsdale, AZ area celebrating my sister-in-law's 50th birthday.  I was under pressure to find a restaurant that all 10 in our party would like (including 2 children; ages 2 & 7).  I looked on Yelp and picked the Roaring Fork based on the reviews.   It's in an office building, but don't let the outside fool you.  It is very nice inside and looks like it would seat ~200 easily We went on a Monday evening about 6pm and we had about a 10 min wait without reservations I would recommend reservations for any weekend or for special occasions I can see this place getting busy The service was good and the food was excellent When you walk in you will notice chickens on the rotisserie straight ahead and the wonderful smell 2 people had their Big Ass Burgers and said they were great 2 people had their Ribeye and said they were cooked perfect and were very flavorful 2 people had the rotisserie chicken including myself and it was yummy the corn bread stuffing was the best 1 had Braised Ribs and thought the BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy 1 had Fish Tacos and enjoyed them as well Overall our entire group was very impressed with the amount and quality of our food Everything was well prepared and very tasty Oh and the mini corn muffins were delish too Highly recommend ~burgers" chicken ( corn bread ribs tacos corn 
BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse~unlimited salad-buffalo chicken-baked potato & salad-chicken tinders-half flatbread-fried chicken-turkey burger-caeser salad-asian salad-honey crisp-cicken-california chicken club-vegetarian pita taco~meojDkZFqzwBRnrok3C9wg~I now know what the B in BJ's stands for...Bland. Calamari had no taste even with the salt and pepper I added. Sent that back. My bacon cheese burger was dry and bland too. Didn't send it back just got a box and brought it home. 1 star because my pink lemonade was good~bacon cheese burger ~1 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~IXw6Y8MyhathYKzTHiax9A~Good times - the Old West meets Happy Hour.   We love Roaring Fork's Happy Hour. They do happy hour for a few hours each evening, but on Sunday and Monday nights it lasts all night long.   Their huckleberry margaritas are awesome. It's a frozen margarita topped off with a luscious huckleberry puree (think purple tart blueberry?).   The bar menu is one of the best too. My favorite is the Big Ass Burger. It's a huge burger loaded with smoked bacon and cheddar cheese. It's served with a kettle of crispy fries. Another appetizer we really like is their Green Chile pork stew. It's served hot in a personalized kettle, covered with melted Jack cheese and served with warm buttered tortillas on the side.   Roaring Fork's entire menu is a blend of comfort food and Southwestern flavors. The happy hour is moderately priced, not cheap, but given the quality and quantity of the food, it's still a great value.~burger burger bacon cheese fries pork cheese tortillas ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~H3AtgfuAcykngLrohzrNww~Hands down, the best buffett in Vegas!  The two times I've been here were for a late lunch so I can't imagine how good the food is for dinner time.  Unlike, a lot of buffets on The Strip, everything tasted like it was made to order.  Even the sushi was really fresh.  If you're not too stuffed from your meal, the Wynn Buffett has an amazing selection of desserts.  Everything from their home made ice cream to their green tea mousse is just amazing.~sushi desserts ice cream tea ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~Fc3gJXnBVm-y3j-fny51GA~The only thing I wanted when I went to Vegas was prime rib. This one was probably the best that I've had in Vegas. It was nicely cooked. Rare in the middle and the sauce really tops it off.  They also had Chilean sea bass, which is usually really good if it's seasoned and cooked well. This one was just alright. It was cooked well, but unfortunately was not seasoned the best. I added a little salt and it was fine.  I also enjoyed their grilled veggies in the Mediterranean section. Although the eggplant was slightly oily, they were grilled and seasoned to perfection. I loved them!  Lamb: No good. I was bummed. It wasn't overcooked, but the flavor was just not there. They game taste was overpowering, which leads me to believe that the meat is not fresh or the meat was prefrozen.  Pastas were quite good, but who wants to fill their stomachs up with pasta at a $40 buffet?  Desserts were just alright. The bananas flambe didn't look too appetizing. I was a bit disappointed that they ran out of creme brulees actually. BUT their ice creams surprisingly very very tasty. They had a choice of pineapple, vanilla, chocolate, coffee and lemon yogurt. I tried pineapple and vanilla and the ice cream was so smooth and tasted very good.   I would definitely come back.~lamb pasta desserts pineapple coffee lemon pineapple ice cream ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~MgTd8rki7n-pNu-tRJByKA~One of my top favorite places for dinner in the city.  Their truffle oil popcorn is totally signature, and really yummy!  I've eaten here numerous times, and their Graze burger is always worth every penny.  I recall it won some kind of prestigious burger award at a contest out in NY.  The ambient is one of the best in the City, imho, for a more formal dining experience without being too culturally stuffy.~popcorn burger burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JUB5_OywgMTkPDbIv5TB0Q~The service was okay, but the food was phenomenal! I recommend coming at happy hour and getting the Big Ass Burger. It is exactly what it states and is delicious.~burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~gHPhRrXt78BUknEVrm950Q~Excellent ambiance and the best cheese curds in town. They have great house wine on tap as well. I wish the whole menu changed more than just the seasonal section. Some of their old standbys are getting a bit...old.~cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~a3R6wBlPAx0J6AurFd7XRg~Great drinks and terrific food. The best cheese curds in town. The mac and cheese is amazing.~cheese mac and cheese ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~CP5SEcMcWdYWP44MGpSBlw~They renew the buffet a little be and rise the price. The notable change is they have oyster now and u can oder coffee and tea for fee. The crab leg is good . However they change the real followers, which I like very much, to fake ones in the atrium. Overall is one of the best buffet in town. I recommend it.~coffee tea ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZTbPFnxOtQv8lzprdPfaEQ~My mom and I were looking for a restaurant with a southwestern feel so we went to Roaring Fork. The service was great. The food was good my chicken was a little salty but still very tasty. We tried their signature side (chili macaroni) which was very tasty and their margarita drinks was tasty and strong. When I am in the area again I will def make a visit.~chicken ~3 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~4ZB_LkRWQCW81oyCF_OAkQ~My co-worker has been telling me about this place since last year, but I never went. Last week, I finally went a bought half a dozen for my sister's birthday. I was somewhat disappointed in them because the chocolate cupcakes were good, they were moist, soft and just the right amount of sweetness. The vanilla cupcakes on the other hand were dry. Even the icing on them were dry. I should have just got all chocolate cupcakes. The service is excellent so no complaints there.~cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~VixVrAwJ6SxOGtJNrqP85A~My wife and I are in Scottsdale for spring training. We selected Roaring Fork based on Yelp reviews and our personal dining interests. Our experience met all of our expectations. We arrived on a Sunday evening without reservations. We were directed to the bar area by a very cordial hostess where seating was "first come first serve". We found a table and were given both the bar menu and the restaurant menu. Happy hour prices for both drinks and bar menu are all day on Sunday. We had a very delightful meal of a salad and appetizer selection of fish tacos and beef tenderloin sliders. Service was excellent as was the ambience of the facility. I highly recommend this venue.~salad tacos beef ~5 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~z4am6J9HxfL8C_-CGNp8HA~When it's summer time in Vegas there's nothing like an ice cream or frozen yogurt to cool you down. Yogurtland is different in that it's all self serve. You pick the frozen yogurt and you pick the toppings that you like and they charge you by weight.   There are many different flavors but my favorites are birthday cake batter and red velvet. They also change them out and have special flavors at different times. I wanted to try maple glazed donut on my last visit but it just came out liquid :(  Other than that I really like this place and I'm glad they opened a Henderson location so I can get my fix whenever I need it!~ice cream frozen yogurt frozen yogurt cake ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~GzKC_7PJ519C7OILqUWKEg~I dishonor da famiree cuz my #1 priority when I go to buffets isn't the seafood...  it's mashed potatoes.  And The Buffet @ Wynn? THEY DO THEIR MASHED POTATOES RIGHT.  If you need some convincing whether ~ 60 FOR DINNER is worth it automatically got charged 18 gratuity for parties of 8 or more fuuu I got THREE WORDS FOR YOU TRUFFLE MASHED POTATOES BEST MASHED POTATOES ON THE STRIP MAYBE EVEN MY WHOLE LIFE No I m not still on another level from my Fat Tuesday this is serious Flawlessly creamy fans of potato lumps beware because there are none found in this pot of heaven Decadent This is the jackpot that will compensate for what you lost at the poker table But as for everything else truth isssssssss I d say iiiiiiit s mediocre Things I can recall OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER dry like the oyster never saw the ocean Try one for yourself to see if you re luckier than I was SEA BASS creamy tender flaky yum TACOS did not taste authentic at all TAMALES no meat but surprisingly good ASIAN BRAISED PORK BELLY ooooooh baby this was good It was mixed in a stir fry with green beans THE DUMPLINGS decent SUSHI did not look appealing to me CARVING STATION miso rubbed steak was good a smidge dry Prime rib was forgettable Turkey looked like it s been sitting at Encore Beach Club since last Thanksgiving and I m typing this 6 30 16 DESSERT custom crepes and the wheel of life i mean the bountiful selection of ice creams you ll see what I mean once you re there was nice Other than that all the desserts I tried were meh 10 VEGAN FRIENDLY highlight of our meal was seeing our two vegan friends feast at this buffet with glee Pbbbbt when would you ever see those words in the same sentence vegan glee buffet I KNOW They truly do cater to vegetarians vegans here by giving them a personal tour of the food selection to show what s compatible with their diet even desserts and the chefs made them a personal VEGAN PIZZA WOW totez cool 3 5 5 OVERALL i d definitely come back here if I returned with my vegan friends but if I m in Sin City to sin via overdosing on copious amounts of food I ll take my money elsewhere Like others have hinted in their reviews there is a lack of quality and innovation at this buffet that doesn t match the prestige reputation of the hotel You won t be leaving here thinking That meal was epic and worth my like you would after Bacchanal but it s worth a try P S don t be fooled by the waitress saying they have fresh lemonade unless by fresh they mean freshly added water to some powder mix SKIIIIIIP~potato oysters rockefeller - tacos - tamales - pork green beans. sushi - miso steak desserts desserts! 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~bfhqIyoiA8kmmPBHiTR3UQ~Loved this place!  The boyf and I were in Madison for the weekend and decided to try this place out.  We were a little worried that they don't take reservations (especially after we got into town and realized it was Winter Fest), but the wait was really not long.  When we walked in, there were a lot of people waiting, and the hostess told us it would be about 45 minutes.  It was really only about 25 minutes.  In the meantime, we grabbed a couple beers from the bar.  It took a while to order them, but the bartenders were working their asses off, so I'm not going to criticize them on that front.    Our waiter was totally friendly and calm despite how busy the restaurant was.    To start, we ordered the artisan bread basket and half a dozen oysters.  The breads were sooo gooood.  A couple crusty rolls, a piece of rosemary focaccia, and what I think was a small brioche.  All were hot and delicious, and they came with both an herb butter and a garlic butter.  I didn't have any of the oysters, but the boyf enjoyed them.  There were 2 each of 3 different kinds, and he said the Kumamotos were his favorite.  He said the Naked Cowboy ones seemed like they might have been frozen (who knows).  Can't remember what the third kind was, but he liked them.    The boyf had the spiced rainbow trout entree and totally loved it.  I had a small piece, and it was really good.  I had the mac and cheese and the lamb meatballs.  I did really like the mac, although it's not the best I've ever had.  The lamb meatballs were om nom nommmmmmm.  Get them.  For dessert we split a pear and cherry crumble with a scoop of housemade ice cream.  So.  Good.  It had a wonderful hint of ginger, and the ice cream was dreamy.  Definitely eating here again the next time I'm in Madison.~breads focaccia butter garlic butter mac and cheese ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~e9S3P7W-bEdkB8AAynYnzg~I recall the best tasting salmon of my life making such a good impression, it's the only thing I desire. Food is cooked to perfection. The views are breathtaking out there! I feel like eating here can't be topped in all of AZ.~salmon ~5 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~gSdoI8hAC_v-NmnwQpis-A~So I got butter chicken, palak paneer (spinach and Indian cottage cheese) and chhole chicken.  Let me start by saying that the choice they have is enormous. Butter chicken was so sweet that I couldn't eat it. Butter chicken is from India, and the original recipe doesn't have any sweetness. I don't know who came up with the idea.   Palak paneer and chhole were not bad. Naan was mediocre. Service was nothing to write home about. Prices at least 10% higher than what other Indian Pakistani restaurants charge.   So given a choice of rather go to Gerard Street for Pakistani food.~butter chicken paneer spinach cottage cheese ~2 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~jGDAMrLSfqZt7i575lCnrQ~OMG...so this place is the place to go for happy hour...the bar is awesome and its alot of fun to go with friends...I absolutely love the mojitos...I love all three flavors the citrus, orange and the original.  I am just a mojito lover!   Okay and now there is the delicious food!  The reason you go with a group is so you order alot of the happy hour menu so you can try everything!  There is the guacamole, the queso dip and roasted tomato salsa.  Those two are great to eat with your first drink.  Then you should order the Fondue with the Lamb chops-DELICIOUS and maybe accompany that with the Kettle of Green Chile Pork with the tortillas!! OMG can you say heaven!!! It is just fabulous. Of course you should be enjoying this round with another drink!  Then for the last round you get the "Big Ass" Burger and the Crab Cake!  The burger is fabulous!  It is not my top but its definitely worth the mention and you cannot fault them for that because it is still delicious!  The crab cake is quality not just those typical cakes that are made of all bread and you cannot really tell if its a crab cake.  It is awesomel I like the chipotle butter!  Anyways, that is my suggestion and review of this fantastic restaurant!  I love it!  It is a great deal and the food is quality and fabulous!~tomato salsa lamb pork tortillas burger crab cake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~ZCXq2qAtO6kGkL0qak11Lg~Went here with my mind already made up that I was going for the Graze burger.  I ordered it cooked medium.  Even though the burger didn't come out medium (it came out medium well) it was still a fantastic burger.  It says on the menu that the burger is a composition of ground bacon, sirloin, ribeye & short ribs.  I didn't taste any bacon at all but I go back to flavor.  The flavor was phenomenal.  Also, one tiny detail I wished they could look into is getting a little finer grind on the hamburger meat.  It was chunky and that was probably the reason for it being a touch overcooked.  I don't mind paying $21 for a phenomenal burger if it's worth it and this one was.   The small stuff I am pointing out is just minor details.  The good of the burger is how well it meshes with the rest of the components, the caramelized onions, cabernet jus, and compound butter were in perfect harmony with the meat and that is what makes this burger 5 stars. This burger does not need anything else on it to shine because it shines bright like a diamond.  Service was decent, nothing spectacular but good enough.~burger burger burger burger bacon ribs bacon hamburger burger burger butter burger burger ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~qkEXDxzEbtKe01lth6HJGg~One of my FAVORITES in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area! Their menu is a changing menu, but the best way to describe the food is american steakhouse with an Asian twist. From the sides of kimchi brussels sprout & bacon hash to my entree of miso glazed salmon - all of the food is on point. Some of our favorite appetizers included kimchi bacon and fiery calamari! Make sure to try a little bit of everything as all of the food was definitely on point.   As if the food wasn't enough - if the weather is nice you should also request to sit outside! Even if the sun has already sit, the great weather with the outdoor seating adds many more stars to this restaurant experience. Our first time here we sat inside, and it was just as great!   During the summer this year, on week nights they had half price bottles of wine, so that was also a cherry on top!  I hope you enjoy Elements as much as we did!~bacon miso salmon appetizers bacon cherry ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~wvs5bi3J3zbupMNK-vbKqw~Boy was I disappointed and embarrassed. I had friends visiting from out of state, and I told them that Honey Bear's was the best bbq in town. We arrived Sunday night around 7pm. They were out of ribs...My friends ordered the rib and chicken combo. One substituted the rib tips for the ribs,  and the other friend ordered sliced beef. I ordered a half lb of pulled pork and two sides. They ended up "finding" some ribs for one of the orders, but there were obviously boiled or pressure-cooked and not slow smoked.. The chicken came out 10 minutes after the rest of the food, and it was also either microwaved or pressure cooked.. My food, (which was ordered a couple of minutes after theirs) took over 30 minutes to arrive.  I overheard them telling the people sitting behind me that they were out of almost everything..  Then, to top it all off, we were overcharged.  We showed them a four square check in which was supposed to get me one free side, but I was still charged for both my sides. The cashier girl was new and obviously in WAY over her head.   I was so embarrassed after raving about this place, to have it be so very bad...~honey ribs chicken ribs beef pulled pork ~1 
Yogurtland~forzen yogourt-cup cake-milkshake~uflJP73sfL3gpXx_OaSviw~Yummy.  I could end it there. This place opened up near where i live and i love going here for frozen yogurt.  It's always clean and the staff is very friendly.  I love the strawberry  water.  This place is wonderful and has gotten me through alot of hot summer days.~frozen yogurt ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~MaRgNILN_rxFu9PswZGWJA~Really enjoyed the lunch that my and I had here the other day. Since it was a week day, there was barely anyone in the restaurant. We both ordered the shrimp salad. It was really delicious- the shrimp was not overly seasoned and it was grilled to perfection. The greens in the salad was remarkably fresh. Above all else the service was excellent. I think one of the reasons we really love this place is that it is tucked away and it's in a resort. So everything is on the higher end and everything is immaculate. Looking forward to coming back for lunch, dinner and staying at the resort.~shrimp salad shrimp greens salad ~4 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~FrHQDjrViuqFha8pwR0J6A~The owner's father, Robert Wholey, spoke to us.  His grandfather started the fish market down the street.  He was a gracious host, the food was amazing.  This place gave us a great impression of Pittsburgh.  The crab cake sandwich and fried calamari were excellent.  Portions were huge.  Great, open-air casual space.~crab cake ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~QMf9gTp1nd_rQH6UjfrO2A~This place is interesting.  The space is awesome, high ceilings, chalkboards, industrial lighting and an incredible view of the capital.  The bloody mary was great as was my scramble, magic coffee, & beet salad.  Service was not great and thus a 1 star subtraction.  Food was slow and servers were not attentive but props for everything being local.  I would absolutely eat here again.~coffee beet salad ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~Am5mxdy6j8AAMeAOAb_q1Q~I had never been to the Roaring Fork before, but I was excited to try it, based on the recommendations from friends and family.  I was pleased with our meal - we had a variety of items, and all were very well done. We loved the heirloom tomato salad with goat cheese and arugula. This was probably our favorite thing. We also tried the lamb chop fondue, which was very good, but a little difficult to eat. I'd still recommend it though.  We decided to split the Big Ass Burger, for which I am glad, since it was huge, and it came with fries. This item was so memorable, since I loved the poblano pepper on the burger. Since we were splitting, we also ordered the green chili mac and cheese. This was delicious! I'll definitely try it again.  Very courteous wait staff, and very nice ambient room. I can't wait to go back for half-priced appetizers!~tomato salad cheese arugula lamb burger fries poblano burger mac and cheese ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~sw6mLB1kzzns_qnX8snyYg~Came here for Brunch on a Sunday and was disappointed. The hub and I had eaten here about a month before and it was very good. However, this time made us a little sad. Brunch at Roaring Fork is served buffet style and although we were excited at first about all of the offerings, our excite slowly decreased as we ate our food. We have begun to conclude that most buffets are not a good idea since the food never seems to be fresh. This, unfortunately, was no different with The Roaring Fork Buffet. Yes, all of the RF popular eats were displayed to try, however, had this been my first time here trying these items, we would have never wanted to go back. Thank god this was not our first time here, otherwise, we would not have known how good the green chili stew and cheesy grits truly are. Here are some details: The hubby and I tried almost everything which included Eggs Benedict on biscuits, chicken chiliquiles, herbed pork tenderloin, fruit parfait, fresh fruit, breakfast quesadillas, bananas foster bread pudding, sage and cornbread stuffing, green chili stew and tortillas, Chopped salad with ranch, Cheesy grits, fried chicken and loaded mashed potatoes, candied jalapeno slaw, chocolate opera cake, biscuits and meatball gravy, and roasted sweet corn. Out of all of that, the only items that were decent was the loaded mashed potatoes, bread pudding, jalapeo slaw, breakfast quesadillas, cornbread stuffing, fresh fruit (hell how can you screw that up) grits, and opera cake. I say decent because none were good or great, they were simply ok since they were not very fresh. The remaining items were a huge disappointment though. The Benedicts had overcooked eggs and not enough hollandaise (they should have had a dish of hollandaise off to the side in case you wanted more and because the hollandaise already on the Benedicts got kinda congealed and hard), Fried chicken had no flavor to it and was overcooked, green chili stew was not the same as the cheesy melty goodness we had had a month ago ordering the same thing, and honestly, the meatball gravy on the biscuits was absolutely horrendous. I usually don't feel the need to spit things out but the meatball gravy was very hard to consume and was to the point of being downright inedible. In any event, I still give this place 3 stars as the service was very good, the dining area was very nice, and I know how great their food can be during the dinner hours. My suggestion and hope for if I ever am forced (yes it would never be my own decision to go) to do brunch again is that they come up with a regular brunch menu in which you must choose and all items would be prepared fresh. Otherwise, I honestly feel that the brunch buffet is only giving The Roaring Fork negative feedback. As I stated earlier, if I was a first time customer coming for brunch, I would not return after this experience and I believe this would be the case with alot of first time customers.~grits eggs benedict chicken pork quesadillas tortillas salad grits fried chicken ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~UIxr5GXD5VN3IqN6ejZcZQ~My friends wanted to eat "Southwest cuisine," so I Yelped and the Roaring Fork came up. The reviews were good, so we gave it a try.  EXCELLENT service at the bar (there were no tables available at 7pm on Thursday night).  Waiter and staff were prompt and knowledgeable, and willing to make recommendations.  I had the soup - was ok, not something I'd order again, but I wasn't that hungry.  Husband had prime rib and pronounced it among the best pieces of meat he'd ever consumed (this is no small compliment).  Friends split the Big Ass Burger (making it a "half ass burger"?) and pronounced it excellent.  We were very satisfied with our meal and the service. We didn't eat enough or spend enough time to warrant a 5-star, but I would definitely recommend to friends.~soup burger burger ~4 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~qYH6DQjh2EA1ncCI9qepuQ~Very possibly my most superb dining experience ever!The food - asparagus leak soup, kimchi bacon, vodka and beet cured salmon, kurobuta pork chop and more were outstanding! So many flavors in each bite. The service was unique- I have never before been addressed by name throughout the entire meal at a public restaurant. The constructed and designed by people ambience is spectacular. So are the outside views.~asparagus soup bacon beet salmon pork ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~DXcvbLNA9t8_qw4eJIGVcQ~I'm not sure what a "good buffet" is. All the buffets I've been to have been pretty much the same. It kind of reminded me of Vegas Buffet here in Los Angeles.. That's the best comparison I can give to it. Except it is so whimsically decorated, I felt like Alice in Wonderland at her tea party. I didn't want to eat my fill and rock a full belly out to the rest of Vegas so I took little bits of what I thought would taste good on a big plate and I ended up being happy with my meal.. My favorite little thing was the fried clams but I came during lunch so there was an omelette bar, and no crab legs :( ah well. The line was so long, we just paid the extra $10 for a line pass because ain't nobody got time for that!~tea ~3 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~KbC011QnxJmbZWmRBgSxvg~Went with a party of 16 and loved this place.  I had the bacon wrapped pork tenderloin with a side of the green chili mac and cheese and it was excellent.  My wife had fish tacos which were great as well.  Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they got.  The carnitas looked good and my friend said he enjoyed them.  His girlfriend had a filet and the one bite I tried of it was excellent.  The location is a little different, as people have said...but once you get in the front door, it's a cool atmosphere and the patio in the back is very nice and spacious.  I highly recommend trying this place out.~bacon pork mac and cheese ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~b_TEbWuJ2DMOmmIJugn79A~Not much I can say that hasn't been covered.  Comfortable upscale - Western decor, well laid out room, and you can count on consistently great service, food and libation.  Definitely dig the happy hour - what a great place to start!  Also dig how perfect the Manhattan was.  It's shocking how many places screw up such a classic (and truly simple) cocktail.    Some friends were in from out of town and really wanted to go here for dinner. Kenneth, our server was flawless!  (And I am not just saying that becuase I recognized him from a restaurant he used to work at and we have friends in common.)  Within our group, we had the pork green chile, fried chicken, salmon, ribs and lamb.  A couple sides of green chile mac, a side of asparagus, and a couple to-go boxes at the end!  All the dishes were fresh, flavorful, and plated beautifully.  Will definitely be back - and I have plans on working my way through the happy hour drink list.  What a wonderful goal! :)~pork fried chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~ALyU74RmVHyybj-un43B1g~I go to Vegas at least 5 to 6 times a year for bowling. I was in Vegas this past weekend for sweepers and since I was top for women's, I won quite a bit of money. Since I had money to spend and being that it was Father's Day weekend, I wanted to take my parents out to somewhere nice and somewhere they haven't tried.   We ran across Wynn Hotel & Casino and wanted to try something new. The entrance to the buffet is kind of hidden from the main gambling area, but there are signs that are helpful to find it. We arrived around 6:30pm, which we knew it was a little late, but we didn't expect it to take 1 hour to get seated.   Once we paid and got to the hostess, we were seated fairly quickly. The waitress that took our drink order was very prompt in refilling and taking our plates from our table.   The food was not salty like most buffets that I've been to. The crab legs were seasoned just right. The prime rib was very soft and tender except that it was a little under cooked for me. It was a little more on the rare side and I like my steak medium. It's just preference. Other then the food, the creme brulee was not too thick and had just the right amount of caramelized top. The fruits were fresh as well.   I would definitely go back when I win some more money.  ^_~ So if you re going to eat at this place 1 Arrive Early 2 Bring lots of money because it was like 38 90 per person 3 Make sure you make room in the tummy for some yummy~steak 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~kT3GMFbIYJYNPxLKuTfVvw~For a first time experience, this place was GREAT. We came at around 12 on a Wednesday, so the place was pretty empty and we were seated immediately.   The service was what you hope for when you go out...we had Chris and he was completely attentive, knowledgeable, and just so upbeat and happy he made our first time excellent. He went out of his way to make sure we were happy!   The food was WOW! We came for the lunch menu, so it was very reasonably priced (im not sure what dinner is like). Obviously you have to come with a taste for seafood, but they have an incredible selection of sandwiches, entrees, apps, and sushi. My group for the ahi tuna sandwich, lobster roll, and shrimp po boy and we all left completely satisfied but not over stuffed which was perfect!   Absolutely recommend this place if your looking for something perfect to eat in the strip.~sandwiches sushi tuna sandwich lobster roll shrimp ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~Fqyh6U_AqKLUSLAzE8hgfw~I LOVE Prairie Girl. The best cupcakes in the city (in my opinion). My favourite is def the strawberry. I have ordered multiple times for many occasions, and always get their custom cakes for events! :_~cupcakes ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~i-FQ78wCZvYeHewZG62yJw~What more can I say about this place that hasn't already been said? The food, the atmosphere, Chef Tory Miller- they just can't be beat. The cheese curds trump even the Old Fashioned's, and I salivate at the mere thought of the beet and walnut burger. Don't even get me started on the bibimbap... Needless to say, the food is otherworldly (in such a simple-and-clean-cuisine way), and the drinks aren't bad either. Graze is the epitome of Madison farm-to-table and I swear I love it more each time I go. Hands down my favorite Madison restaurant.~cheese beet burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZxQPZ3jVYj_R42S3Ze_kFQ~Happy hour all night on Sundays and Mondays. Oh yes...who can complain about that? Answer: Nobody, except when you get there too late and all the tables have been taken. Womp womp.  The weird thing about this place is the location. Tucked into the corner of an office complex? Very strange.   However, I can appreciate food, especially the "Big Ass Burger" that lives up to its name. The thing is ginormous for a typical restaurant burger. Another item I love is the kettle of green chile pork with buttered tortillas. Pair that with a HH margarita and you're doin' just right.  Good restaurant, solid food and service. Come for happy hour on Sunday and/or Monday, but get there early.~burger burger pork tortillas ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~iOpD0_hvnk5Jy4WwUufLXg~Things I liked about Graze: 1. The elderflower margarita  2. The goat cheese dumplings  3. The French fries  Things I didn't like about Graze: 1. The loud, echo-y room 2. The hype around local when a good part of the menu is not 3. The long wait time and not taking reservations  A very nice meal but I wanted to love it more than I did. I had the Bahn Mi, which was tasty, but I wanted it to be either more authentic or more inventive. Instead it was stuck in the middle. Full of fresh Thai basil but also with dry ham that did nothing to enhance the flavor.   The service was friendly and informative and I liked the carafe of water on the table.~cheese french fries ~3 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NZvPGwA1T7M5wAHwBROLnw~Went here for the first time when my parents came in to visit for the weekend. We had originally planned to go to the Old Fashioned because I'd heard so much about it, but the wait was over 1.5 hours! We all LOVED Graze. My parents are really picky about loud places, and we found this place to be not loud at all. I've read some other reviews complaining about the noise and it makes me wonder if we were in the same restaurant? We had an easy 30 minute wait, during which time we sat at the bar and conversed with the bartenders over wine and their homemade bread basket ($4). My mom was super impressed with the bartender, who seemed to notice that she has been deciding between some red wine and their seasonal punch, and brought her a generous sample of their punch on the house. The entrees that we got were the mac and cheese with pork ($12), pork3 ($22), and trout (maybe $18? can't remember). We had nothing but praise for all of these! They were all fantastic and we were very impressed. The food being from local farms only added to the experience. Everyone was very friendly and not pretentious.  Not sure about the other low reviews on here, but we had  fantastic time. We were glad the Old Fashioned was full so we got to try this place instead.~mac and cheese ~5 
Honey Bear's BBQ~side salad-garden salad-potato salad-brownies-chicken-beef~aXLN9I5hKBxCksbetrWJ_w~Consistency.  That's what I love most about Honey Bears.  I'll disagree that "you don't need no teeth", but I will say that the chicken is juicy, the beans are incredible, and the hot sausage is amazing. Your sweet heat vinegar bbq sauce is delicious. Your service is fast, and you serve some off-brand sodas on tap, which makes me smile everytime.  But every time I have had a meal here, it has been tasty. Have I had better BBQ? Yes. However, your location and consistent experiences have kept me a fan.   Smoke your ribs longer, please.~honey chicken sausage ribs ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~PIgKX1gd0i7UQVQC5Z-tqw~Good happy hour, green chili cheese with tortillas and the pork wings are really done well.  The big ass burger is a top choice here, the roasted chicken is good a little on the salty side, but I'm all about that so I liked it, they roast it there in front which is nice. Overall good food.~cheese tortillas pork burger chicken ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~NHI-19-m98OegoX0Bd1F7w~Awesome buffet, huge variety of food and almost all is delicious, this is my second favorite buffet in Vegas. I would kill for some of there egg benedicts right now. Should try this place once and I'm sure you'll come back.~egg ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~aLFxFaDsgZcIXQk04D8EIQ~Graze is really excellent. I highly recommend the bibimbop and the fried cheese curds. The brunch is really great too. I love the atmosphere--it is wonderful to sit outside or next to the huge glass windows that look onto the capital square.~cheese ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~NAzNiVoLFtQ6k7YebeqFfA~Love how they use local ingredients.  Was a little disappointed in the House Pickles. Was somewhat mild in flavors more so in the kimchee. The Pork buns were mouth watering. Soft bun, crisp/juicy meat and condiments made it come together. The mac and cheese my look small but it is filling. The Bibimbap was excellent with the crisp rice, spicy gochujang and you can't go wrong with a sunny side egg on top.~pickles pork mac and cheese ~5 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~_fdnv8ddYn7oX15CXH_qeA~Oven and Vine was awesome! A great experience from the start to the finish. I knew that Dylan and Michelle had opened a new restaurant (they used to have Portlands, a place that I dearly loved) but I was not sure where it was located. I was so excited when some friends of mine took me to Oven and Vine this week and it was their new place.  I had the green chili pork, it was amazing!! Our server was very attentive, friendly and prompt. Food was not only great, but hot and attractive presentation. I will most definately be returning to Oven and Vine!~pork ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~oxOdrI7K1WgkdN7bqZGyrw~After hearing so many good things about this place, my bf and I decided to try it out since we were in the area.  It's located in an office building off of the main road, which is kinda weird.  Upon entry, we were immediately greeted.  They were having some decent happy hour specials such as cheaper appetizers and $5 drinks.  We managed to grab the last table at the bar area.  Shortly after we seated ourselves, the waiter came over and was prompt with putting our orders in.  My bf loved the margarita, but it was a bit too sour for me.  For our entrees, I got the fried chicken and my bf got the beef ribs tacos.  My fried chicken was very good, but I have to admit the bf got the better entree.  The meat on his tacos were incredibly tender and the flavors were more complex than I imagined for a taco.  My fried chicken had perfectly crispy skin and the gravy was delicious.  The mashed potatoes were a bit runny for my liking, but I do like them thicker.  My bf thought it was a close match between his tacos and the fried chicken.  The food and drinks came out quick.  Service was very professional.  I wouldn't mind returning here.  My only hesitation is that outside of the burger, entrees are kinda pricey since they start at $17.  The food is very good, however.~appetizers fried chicken ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~wps-_TN_u4uzbOsWaBDCZg~Clean, and not extremely crowded.  I've been to various buffets in Vegas, but what struck me the most about the Buffet at the Wynn was the fact that it was clean and neat. Then again, it was a Thursday night.  I was there during the Wynn's 5th anniversary, and so with 55 points on your Red card, you could get a free meal at the buffet. Sign me up! After some heavy playing on the slots, I got my 55 points and my "free" buffet.  It was my first time at the Wynn, so I spent some time wandering and looking at all the choices while everybody else made a beeline to the stations that they liked the most.  There is a seafood station on one side, with cocktail shrimp and crab legs. Most people were loading up on them. The seafood was good, and the cocktail sauce was a lot spicier than I'm used to. It definitely had a kick to it.  As you walk along the rest of the buffet, they had some international food stations, featuring Chinese (with lo mein, and dumplings), Indian (curry, lamb, etc), Italian (pasta station, osso bucco), the requisite carving station, and then some hot seafood items (various fish in different sauces). The other end of the buffet had a charcuterie, salad bar, and soup.  Towards the center of the buffet area was the dessert station, which was probably my favorite due to the all the pretty desserts in the little plastic containers, and the crepe and waffle station.  Overall, I thought the food was better than I had expected. Because it was a buffet, I didn't expect the food to be amazing (even though it was the Wynn), so I was definitely surprised by the fresh quality of the food. Nothing really tasted as if it had been sitting out under the heating lamps for hours on end. I was disappointed by the sushi selection, however, and consisted of two different rolls.  Overall, the food selection wasn't as varied as what you would find at some of the other buffets.  However, I think that's a good thing because one problem I have with buffets is that I always feel like I didn't get to try everything I wanted because there was just too much to choose from (I'm quite indecisive at times). Therefore, having a varied, but slightly more limited selection, allowed me to enjoy my meal fully without wondering if I "missed something at that really far away station I couldn't get to".  I also liked the crepe station because it's made right in front of you. However, when they make the (customized) crepe for you, they add a lot of filling to the crepe, so it loses its crispy texture.  Still good, however, but slightly overwhelming in size.    The service here is superb as well.  Our server quickly removed our empty plates and dishes, and refilled our beverages promptly.  The atmosphere is nice as well; it wasn't really loud or noisy so we were able to enjoy our meal, as well as have a good conversation while we were enjoying our after-dinner coffee as well.    This is now one of my favorite buffets in Las Vegas, and can't wait to return. While I will, because I ended up getting another free buffet meal courtesy of my Red Card.~shrimp lo mein lamb pasta salad soup desserts waffle sushi coffee ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~JYay1s_HB4gwHLXwUrYIpw~My husband and I visited Scottsdale for the July 4th weekend and one of the highlights was our visit(s)to the Roaring Fork.  Lucky for us it was located across the street from the Kimpton FireSky hotel; it was easy to locate.  We sat at the bar during their 4-10pm happy hour and could not stay away; visited 3 times during our 5 day trip. Stephen made our happy hours most enjoyable; along with George and Heidi. Stephen brings happiness to all sitting at the bar; his martinis are the fullest you will ever enjoy.    The food was excellent; big ass burger, pork chili, salmon... You will be surrounded by locals that visit weekly which tells you how awesome the food, drinks and overall comfortable atmosphere this place has. While we were there one evening a chef from another prominent restaurant was eating in the bar area too -  he loves the food!   I will definitely return whenever I am visiting Scottsdale. Highly recommended!~burger pork salmon ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~VdIfm8duGZaeiptazROnVQ~Oh so good!!!  We were 7 people and waited in line for maybe 20 minutes on a Sunday at 11am. Not bad at all... Once seated and mimosa drink orders taken we hit the buffet. There were so many choices and everything looked good. I did 2 rounds of "real food" and then we hit up the dessert area.  We were celebrating my mom's b-day and the waitress brought me a candle and matches to use which was very nice of her.  Take a look at my pics and you can see how yummy everything was and the decor was beautiful too.  *What was really cool was our waitress brought us huge coffee cups filled with mimosas to leave with. She topped off our champagne flutes too which we poured in to the to go cups.~coffee ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~f4rG7-_334qID9oqeJLogA~Excellent food. Pork buns are fantastic. The gnocchi is very good. The bibimbap is a very interesting interpretation and is worth a try. Graze burger probably a little overrated... Little bit crowded and acoustics a little strange, but a great view and location.~pork gnocchi burger ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~kcjyTHt74z0LKoNJhckbYg~Happy hour here for us really were happy hourS!  On a Sunday and Monday, happy hour hours are from 4 to 10 PM!  And on all other days, 4 to 7 PM.  This place is gigantic!  A patio is even provided and perfect for November days.  Heat lamps are also available.  Everything we devoured was on point!  All we ordered were appetizers off the happy hour menu.  The pork wings ($8 - 3 big meaty pieces) were amazing and came with a unique Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce!  I love Dr. Pepper!  And I loved how it came with the sauce on the side so you can dip the generous amount of pork wing into the sauce.  I also liked the touch of hominy, pickled veggies, and Cotija cheese sprinkled over the wings.  A+ on the overall balance of this appetizer.  We liked it so much that we ordered another one before finishing up the first one.    We also ordered the Kettle of Green Chili Pork ($8) - this one I also loved!  It really came in a cute little kettle filled with the goods!  Then it also came with hot buttered flour tortillas in foil to keep it warm.  This one just melted in my mouth.  I think this one was probably my favorite out of the three appetizers.  The pork was moist and very flavorful and savory.    And since we were still hungry, we decided to try the Rotisserie Chicken Flat Bread ($8) - also loved this one too.  This flat bread was surprisingly larger than expected - a bonus!  Basil pesto, pepper jack cheese, and tomatoes completed this wonderful flat bread.    I feel like this is the first time in a long time that I've liked every appetizer that I've eaten in one sitting, especially for happy hour.  The food was quality to me.  The portions weren't skimping at all.  And I didn't have to complain about something being dry to the bone or stale.  2 thumbs up for the kitchen staff and menu selection!~appetizers pork pork hominy cheese pork tortillas appetizers pork chicken cheese ~5 
Prairie Girl Bakery~cupcakes~PM_qqD1J645AYTe__BgDDw~Their cupcakes are always very appealing and tasty. Love their mini size. Also their customer service is always great. Today, an Asian gentleman served us and he was very pleasant. He introduced and explained to us about the new loyalty program called Belly. Meanwhile, I noticed their line got longer and immediately another gentleman from the kitchen came out to help with the line. Very efficient. I have been to the other location on Victoria Street which was always excellent service. This one in the food court is also very good.~cupcakes ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~caBmUQ8seDFZPeVV315ydg~The free valet parking, the service, and view is just the beginning. The food is very creative, fresh, and prepared to perfection. The bread was not great and the butter was hard and cold. A great place for a special night out.~butter ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~iJ3MoMZwbgWCDy6QJ9jdLg~Ok, the prices on the happy hour menu is kind of high to be happy about but the food is pretty solid.  The sliders are a bit weak - 2 per order, comes on a plate with some horseradish and aujus and fries.  The sliders themselves are actually small bits of sirloin meat.  With the sauce it was actually quite tasty.  The waiter kinda spilled au jus into the horseradish while delivering the plate which kinda made it look unappetizing but I'm glad we pushed through.  :P  The green chili pork is very good.  I like the hint of spice and large chunks of pork.  It comes with a couple of grilled tortillas.    We also tried the chicken flatbread which was a bit more oily than I thought it would be but the pesto flavor really comes through and the chicken bits on top were plenty.    The big ass burger was also delicious, however, a bit dry.  At $11 it really should be juicier.. afterall there are many ten dollar burger places one can go to in that area.  All in all, it's a decent spot for happy hours with friends.  The drinks are a bit weak and they charge $5 each.  There probably are some better spots but I would recommend trying at least sporadically.~horseradish fries horseradish pork pork tortillas chicken chicken burger burger ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~QukfOzGOrJ2gkRBdPOiGWQ~I was in Madison for work and a friend suggested Graze for dinner.  After a long day of travel and nonstop work, I headed to Graze tired and a little spacey.  I sat at the bar, which was a great idea.  The bartenders were friendly and I ended up sitting next to a very nice guy--a meal that I thought would be fast and impersonal ended up being super pleasant.    I had a few glasses of wine and ordered the more expensive graze burger.  Holy sh*t.  That was a tasty burger.  Juicy, perfectly cooked, oniony, amazing.  GO NOW AND EAT THAT BURGER.  I want one right now.    The view from the bar also can't be beat.  What a lovely little place.  I hope to go back someday!~burger burger burger ~5 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~FUe6mG5hEVnFCuKvDsABrg~I liked the ambiance of the buffet and the selection they had... but I don't know... I can't say I was fully satisfied especially with the price I had to pay (~ 40 on a Sunday afternoon They had quite a selection of foods of different cuisines all around the world I was impressed because the food served are not usually what typical buffets have But honestly there was not really one thing that stood out I guess if anything stood out it was the crab legs I just love crab legs by default and the desserts I loved how they had gelato creme brulee and a crepe station Those are the highlights for me Would I go here again Probably not As my first real trip to Vegas I thought going to the Wynn buffet would be the ideal choice but I guess not I would probably try the buffets at Bellagio or the Rio next time i m in town ~desserts. 
Luke Wholey's Wild Alaskan Grille~seafood trio-ahi tuna-salmon beet salad-fried cod sandwich-broiled cod sandwich-grilled chicken sandwich-lobster roll-shrimp po boy-oysters-mahi mahi tacos-mussels-calamari-peel and eat shrimp-garlic bread-jumbo shrimp cocktail-mini crab cakes-alaskan king crab legs-caesar salad-alaskan roll-tuna roll~nPTazmJeOq5-YJZoXvYiCw~For the last couple of years my work crew has had our Christmas party at Oliver Twist.  This year I called Oliver's & Luke's and there was no comparison- Luke was much more flexible and had better offerings for food so I scheduled our party at his restaurant.  I'm so happy I did!  It was outstanding and I received so many compliments from my work crew!  We had just under 30 people total at the party.  We had the party upstairs in the restaurant in the bear lounge and the bar upstairs.    There was quite the spread of appetizers across the upstairs bar including salad station, catfish bites, crab dip with flat bread, veggies, oysters (we didn't even discuss oysters-Luke just gave them to us), chicken skewers, and any drinks we wanted...those catfish bites and that crab dip were so good!!!  Dinner was shrimp scampi, salmon, cod, mashed pots, and we even received 3 cheesecakes!!!  The food, the service, the atmosphere, the flexibility and friendly service of Luke & Jason (the manager) all receive A plus grades and this is easily one of a few top restaurants in town.  I love this place!!!  Highly recommended for parties upstairs.~appetizers salad chicken shrimp scampi salmon ~5 
Elements~cobb salad-caesar salad-elements salad-cashew chicken-pineapple shrimp fried rice-russian roll-avocado roll-spicy tuna-shrimp tempura-unagi roll-prawn-sweet omelet-oyster-salmon-blue crab~-rjvQJYa4MeGl1DlZupAmA~One of the best views in the valley.  Zen atmosphere and decor.  Uptempo lite techno background music.  The food was all perfectly cooked.  The tempura-battered fiery calamari was excellent.  The Halibut and Ahi was fantastic with very complementary sauces. Great dessert.  The staff was friendly and knowledgable...  ...always available without overly "hovering."  HIghly recommended for special occasions and a "splurge."~tempura ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~sZeyoGm9o_2FyfF__uEvbg~The food is excellent by bar food standards and they have some unique items. Most people would never think to order popcorn as an appetizer, but they make theirs with truffle oil and it's incredible! They also have great sandwiches, including one made with a duck liver pate that is very good if you like pate. The environment is very sheik. My one minor complaint is that the seating isn't very comfortable, but I still highly recommend checking this place out.~popcorn sandwiches ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~U5HXjw2cCXABOxJvN-vGcw~If you are heading here for happy hour, I am about to give you the best Yelp advice ever. Go early and scope out tables that are paying their check, stand there and wrestle any interlopers to the floor in a fight to the death. Why? Because my party was polite and gave our names to wait for a happy hour table as they were all full. We sat there while 20 or so people just barged through the hostess podium and snagged up every seat that was opening up. Being somewhat intelligent, we learned to do the same and finally got a spot in the bar, which is the only place that serves happy hour drinks and specials. I think if you go there by five you may get a seat instantly, otherwise, use my ninja method and you will access the greatness that is The Roaring Fork.   Super vibe, everyone glad to be there. Wait staff is overworked with the crazed happy hour bunch, so if you're having a date night, sit in the upscale dining area that will impress your special someone. People were well-dressed, mainly professionals and quite a few retirees (Area is full of senior neighborhoods).   The happy hour drinks do not skimp on the alcohol. Quite the opposite, so have a DD. The big ass burger is a must, we also got raves on the chili verde pork and salads. Nothing was sub par except the learning curve on figuring out how to get into this place.   My advice to the management would be to actually require the hostess to seat people, so that the rudest, pushiest people do not win. Take names and have your seating be as beautiful a thing as your food. Because those pushy people are also walking around the place like sharks hunting prey and we found that to be very annoying.~date burger pork salads ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~AKh27jPoBjnfuKykPlnGeg~I have now been to Mad Mex twice, both with disappointing results.  Mad Mex is about authentic as Taco Bell, that's not a complaint - I just want anyone else reading these reviews should realize this is not true Mexican food. However, they DON'T try to be and are in your face about it which I like. It pisses me off more to fake something and do it poorly than to take parts of it and do it well.  I like the theme and design of the restaurant, the rusted steel plates, cowboy/Inca art motifs, its obviously a fun atmosphere and they have done a great job and spent a lot of money in design. Perhaps they should spend some of that money in training their servers. One of the servers knowledge of the food was pretty bad, I asked three simple questions about menu items and only 1 could be answered. The two she couldn't answer there was no attempt to find out - a simple "I don't know" seemed as an acceptable answer. However, the server we had on another visit was much better.  For starters we have tried the pepito hummus - great idea, but salty, very very salty, the other starter I've tired is the chicken tortilla soup - the soup was good even though there was not one piece of chicken in it. It's definitely not a traditional tortilla soup instead you have rustic cream of tomato soup with garlic, cumin and other spices. As I said not traditional - good - very mild flavor, it could have used a little bit more spiciness and of course the chicken the menu proclaimed it had.  I have read and was told that their burritos were very good so the first time I tried Chicken Fajita Burrito. These are knife and fork burritos that come out square. On the side is Pico de Gallo, which in my case was warm, contained the tomato core and was flavorless. My burrito contained bland rice, unseasoned black beans, red and green bell peppers and onions - some burnt, cheese and chicken. I guess the idea was to throw the bell peppers and onions in and viola you have fajita style, unfortunately it had no fajita seasoning so it didn't really work. There was a  nice smoky flavor to the chicken which helped. But overall this burrito needed some serious help - it was bland on the flavors, even the addition of salt would have helped it out. One last comment is the tortilla that was used, a quick trip on the griddle was needed or maybe finish the tortilla in a press but it came out very white, with a doughy almost uncooked flavor.  On the second visit my partner had the Mad Mex burrito with steak and was very disappointed, he thought they had forgot to put the steak in it until the very end he found 4 pieces of meat in the very corner of the square-itto. Until then he was just eathing plain rice and beans - not good.   On the second visit I tried the Dance Marathon enchilada and this resembled and tasted very little like a true enchilada. All they did was put a very small ladle of ancho sauce on the plate, then put on the chicken spinach and mushrooms and top that with tomatillo sauce. Then throw a tortilla on top. Put the required rice and beans on the plate and you have a rather poorly executed and plain tasting dish of food.  Mad Mex looks like a great place to enjoy some drinks, but if what I had was representative of the rest of the  menu offerings I would pass on eating there again - food was very under par and someone should tell them that Mexican foods carry bold flavors - they should at least try to add some of those flavors to what they serve.  Ambiance 5 stars Food 1.5 Stars Service 2.5 Stars  3 Stars and that's only because I really liked the ambiance.~taco bell chicken soup soup chicken soup tomato soup ~3 
King Palace~butter chicken-chicken tikka masala-ginger chicken-kashmiri chicken-beef chilli-beef nihari-chicken curry-lamb kidney-haalem-shrimp curry-mango chicken-beef chilli-aloo palak-palak paneer-vegetable pulav-chicken pulav-mutter pulav-chicken pulav~q_b-qprf2NWy01htjFE49g~I was here once and never ever did I want to go back. I seriously do not know why so many people like this place.  Half my co-workers hate it (Indian/Pakistanian and non-Indian-Pakistanian) and the other half love it.    So keep in mind, I am coming here sober expecting a good lunch.  I ordered one of their combos, which included a couple types of chicken and some naan bread.  It looked good on the counter.    However, then they put it on a plate and nuke it.  WTF?  Shouldn't the steam tables be working to keep the food hot? This immediately made me lose my appetite. Food could have been sitting there for over 24 hours for all I know!!!    I still go with it and then when I see it, all i see is one plate of rice with a mix of gravy.  I'm still hopeful though.  I go through all the food, and there is barely any meat! It's all oil and sauce.   So we get the naan and at least I have oil to dip it in (even though I only expect to dip bread into oil(olive) in an Italian restaurant).  The naan was pretty good.    So while I'm eating, I turn to the window and see how dirty the window sill is and I see flies and a few ants and am immediately grossed out.  Tried my best to finish it as I hate wasting food, but this food was just plain nasty (so I'm sure this is a great place when you are drunk).  I really wish I could give this place at least 2 stars as I hate giving one star reviews, but I was turned off Indian food for close to 1 year because of this bad experience.    Sorry.~chicken ~1 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~dNPemDji0fVqVcWNp4GkmA~Went to the Wynn hotel buffet with high expectations . After all, the Wynn hotel is suppose to be one of Vegas' top hotels... Well, we were disappointed ... We arrived at 7pm , so we figured the food would still be fresh ... That was not the case... I also chose this because of the all u can drink option, which is a plus, but it didn't make up for the food ... Also, we sat by a spot where it stunk like garbage and coffee grounds... Disgusting!!! I considered leaving based on that , but sucked it up...   Unfortunately , we won't ever return to eat here again ... I wanted to like it, but the Wynn let us down... The Bachannal at Ceaser's is 100 times better...~coffee ~1 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~m7_l7KN2cJCd_TjKi9qIRw~The location is superb and the decor is fun and modern, but the food is a mixed bag for me. I've had brunch there and I appreciate the more interesting twists and ingredients used in some old favorites like French Toast. I enjoyed my brunch a lot, as did my friend. I've eaten dinner there which was just okay. On a third visit, I found the cheese curds to be...and I hate to even say this because I love cheese curds...really disgusting.   My group actually had a rather involved conversation about the pros and cons of the cheese curds and most were not fans. Their curds are different, sure, but plenty of local Madison establishments do a slightly different take on cheese curds and they're amazing. These are oddly sweet, the cheese isn't great and the addition of vodka...it comes off as trying too hard (which rings true for some of their other choices as well).  Clearly lots of people love Graze but I think there are much better restaurants within a 1 block walk.~french toast cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese ~3 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~5QUZS14M1_nxGiBdCP-GGA~there is nothing else like the buffet at the wynn. i am a big meat eater with an extreme sweet tooth. for me, this place is paradise.  pay for lunch price around 3, get seated and get your waiter to get you some coffee or something, so you can kill time for the roast beef  to come out from the grill. if you just go ahead and eat all the other stuff, you aren't getting your money's worth! forget pasta or bread! you can eat all that at home! make sure you get a nice thick slice from the nice man once its your turn, and pour over plenty of sauce! don't be shy, you won't regret it. the crab legs at the seafood section is awesome too. they are huge with lots of meat inside, and they're already split down the middle so you don't need to struggle getting them out. the flavor is sweet, fresh, and so satisfying!! the dessert room has all these petite desserts: tiramisu, strawberry short cake, caramel rice pudding, raspberry mousse, chocolate cake, creme brulee, icecream, sorbet, crepes, waffles, candied apple on a stick, madelines, you name it, they are all there.  i was so happy to be at the wynn buffet. love love it.~coffee beef pasta desserts cake caramel rice pudding chocolate cake ~5 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~cGwlmRg36zyCS4e1p3nxKg~Would definitely go back and try more things on the menu.   Meats cooked perfectly.  Lots of flavor and seasoning.   Had a braised short rib with a pepper demi. It was really good.... The surprise of the evening was the mash..... Love the horseradish in the mash! So good, such a nice contrast to the rest of the plate.   I took off one star for two things: 1) cold creme brulee, I prefer it a bit warm... Eh to each his own.  2)Caesar salad as tangy but so blah.  Like buffet line salad.  Croutons were homemade but they were burned. Then the romaine was cut gigantic. Had to use my butter knife.  Disappointing because it's meant for butter, just like steak knife is for steak.... Didn't see a salad knife on the table nor expect to need one.~horseradish salad salad romaine butter butter steak steak salad ~4 
Oven + Vine~italian salad-green salad-green chili pork-chicken lasgna~oqHO1ht5mTBv5zLCIhn0FQ~Really good food! Greeni chicken is super. Service a bit slow for my taste, but then again I was myself~chicken ~4 
Roaring Fork~turkey and swiss sandwich-tuna salad sandwich-roast beef and blue sandwich-chicken breast nuggets-cheese pizza-hamburger-hot dog~ZlocrPph1xGFEO-lTF_v8g~This is the first time I ate at "Roaring Fork" Happy hour specials: The queso and pork on the appetizer was the best. The hamburger should be shared as it was enormous the French fries meh I've had better. They seemed stale or cooked in old oil... Not worth the calories imo. I had the traditional mojito which was just ok. This is the first time we are here and weren't  100%. However I am at a happy hour so.... There ya go.~pork hamburger french fries ~4 
The Buffet~coffee-cognitive coffee-mocha latte-chai latte-iced coffee-latte frappe-black iced tea-nutella latte-pumpin iced latte-matcha latte~4TQSRH7Fy1kM0R0I_AT2EA~Tip: Line up around 2pm if you want to get in for brunch price, but want to also have dinner items like crabs.  For AYCE, this is the best experience in terms of service, food quality, and selection. There is often the 45 minute wait during prime time, but when a restaurant is at capacity, you can't fault them for not having enough space. I love their deli meat and cheese selections. I like thin crust pizzas. Their customs omelets are awesome. I think the Asian food is okay but I eat plenty of that already being Korean. People seem to love the crab, but I'm not such a fan. Its a bit cold when you eat it. I like that they cut it half for you so it is the least messy experience I've ever had with crab.  Service is friendly and fast.  We like to finish with their mini tiramisu which is fantastic! It is really strong coffee flavor with all the right texture. We leave with a candied apple and full stomach.  If you want to get drunk, they have $7 all you can drink champagne as well on weekends.~cheese coffee apple ~5 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~OSjMoT25kJOpffrobdBI1A~This place is great! The decor is really nice, and amazing views of the Capitol building through the large glass windows. I didn't think the Popcorn share plate was that great, but the Pickle Board has some great pickled items, super unique and very good. The Graze Burger is a must. I was put off by the description in the menu, as it seemed to be a monstrosity, but order it anyway and it was the perfect size to eat, and absolutely excellent. One of the best burgers I've ever had. If you're feeling breakfast, the Sweet Potato Pancakes are also very good! I look forward to going back to this place next time I visit Madison.~popcorn burger burgers sweet potato ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~nefv1RI21uTV5qKH26xCCw~good drinks, bad food.  my husband became sick after eating the grilled pork dish.  wild horses couldn't get us to return for the food.~pork ~2 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~hbuDzb_i3Fb0t-VCYAlsOQ~We were heading to IKEA to a couch. It was raining and we were hungry so we decided to stop in for a warm bite. The decor is a quirky mix of Mexican, with skulls, weirdly designed animals and cacti.  I ordered a cup of tortilla soup and a chicken quesadilla. My spouse ordered a cup of black bean soup and a chicken burrito. My soup was warm and filling. It had chunks of grilled chicken and some shredded cheese on top. It was the perfect texture with just a little kick. My quesadilla was crispy on the outside and filled to the brim with chunks of grilled chicken, onions, green peppers and cheese. The peppers had been roasted which added flavor. The quesadilla comes with salsa and sour cream but I ordered guacamole too. Yum! My husband's black bean soup was a little plain even though it came with a dollop of sour cream. It could have used a bit of spicyness. His burrito had chunks of grilled chicken, rice, and black beans. Unfortunately it was light on the chicken and heavy on the rice and beans. The burrito also comes with salsa.and sour cream but he too, added guacamole.  It was a nice warm meal on a rainy day.~soup chicken soup chicken burrito ~4 
AGO Norma Ridley Members' Lounge~lasgna~ooza11z5pm_h_OvCHcuV6Q~Had 'Dinner at The Grange, an exclusive 3 course prix fixe dinner for $30'.   I love it when servers pour a glass of water, and then ask if they could get us something to drink......We waited so long for food to arrive, I caved and got a glass of wine; a Chilean SB at $12/glass, about $3 beyond reasonable and served  too cold.   I choose a lobster bisque to start. It eventually arrived,  dull and coolish. No seasoning on the table or any offered. Two spoonfuls, and I pushed it away. I made the server aware of the shortcomings when asked.   I was told the pickerel on offer for the main was fresh. The morsel eventually came out. I don't think it was fresh. It was certainly overcooked, uber-dry and listless. I didn't bother finishing it either.  Eventually the desert came out, nothing special there, but I finished it. Mostly to have enough calories in me to get to nearby Chinatown, where the food is far, far better.    No discount was offered on the bill. I did something I rarely do, there was no tip.   The experience took an hour. In addition to paying too much money, we paid too much time. My partner, who had the other items on the menu was in agreement with my assessment.   Best to stick to afternoon tea Norma Ridley.~tea ~1 
Jason's Deli~chicken club salad-chicken caesar-taco salad-mesa chicken salad-garden pasta-black bean taco salad-broccoli cheese-chicken noodle-french onion-organic vegetable-tomato basil-spicy seafood gumbo-california club-deli club-turkey wrap-ranchero wrap-Ham-roast beef-tuna salad with eggs-onion bun-mac & cheese-strawberry shortcake-carrot cake-hot tea~ZXk0s0R2E5upD9QBvaGaTg~Jasons Deli has always been my favorite deli place to have a quick meal before returning to work or even just on certain occasions! I wish they had more locations here in Vegas! The big chef salad is usually my favorite but I went with this ranchero grilled chicken wrap! Not too bad..~salad chicken ~4 
Mad Mex - Robinson~jersey chips-potato taquitos-fried tofu-tortilla soup-nachos grande-classic buffalo-boneless wings-casa salad-taco salad-chopper salad-vegie burrito-wing wrap~JmhP8v5vli_vQnAH--auug~Holy guacamole! This location has never disappointed me. From the consistently friendly bartenders, to the ingenious selection of beers and spirits, any time I stop in here turns out to be a good time!  On this adventure, I took the chalkboard recommendation and ordered a 12 oz Bomb Bananna Slammin' margarita! Referring back to my opening sentence... holy guacamole what a good idea! Along with my pre afternoon beverage, I ordered the nachos grande with chicken! Which brings me to the disappointing part of my day. While the nachos were everything I dreamed of, the portion was far to large! I decided to grab a doggy bag, so that I could enjoy it again later. Unfortunately, I got distracted and left my doggy bag behind. Sad day.  So learn from my mistakes friends! Don't ever leave your doggy bag behind!  To sum it up, good food, good drinks, and a great atmosphere and service!~nachos chicken nachos ~4 
Graze~popcorn-graze burger-soft pretzel-pork buns-hand cut fries-seasonal pickles-mac & cheese-oysters-roasted cauliflower-green salad-smoked devil egg-graze burger-hot chicken & pickles~OtSMobMzsA2eSEbTkc6JdA~Well... Graze is good, but not great is the short version. Drinks and appetizers were great, but the entrees were definitely so-so. It was storming when we were there and it was SO cool to be in the space for that, so thumbs up for cool atmosphere. I had heard it was loud in there and that is correct, but not necessarily in a bad way. I had the pork cubed and my favorite part was the crispy kale-- the pork belly was not too good. My food also got cold really quickly and I'm not sure why, but it made the root mash gross fast. Yet another place in Madison where it's all about drinks and apps!~appetizers pork pork ~3 
