Favorite vintage store I have been in. I have been going to a lot lately looking for midcentury furniture that won't empty out my bank account. Happened to drive by this place and decided to take a look. I got a 3 piece coffee table and side tables set for 60 bucks. Can't beat that. The lady working I completely loved! She was helpful and let me know what kind of stuff will be coming in. This will be a weekly stop for me.  If you are looking for awesome vintage furniture in good shape this is the place to go. They know their stuff. A lot of awesome lamps and boomerang coffee tables. It is a must visit.  update: seems like items are getting higher and higher. style has changed a bit. still nice stuff if you wanna empty your bank account. no longer a weekly stop but i will still  stop by.~coffee coffee 
Overall, I'll never go back. Rewinding to the reason of my conclusion: messy racks, bad choice on jewelry, no focus on fits whatsoever, no pricing consistency, and paint-scraping help from the hired help (owner of Red). I felt like I was bothering someone instead of shopping.   I recommend Retro Ranch, Fashion by Robert Black, France's or the new Vintage shop next to Hula's and Lola Coffee on Central Ave.~coffee 
This place is a area staple! Been around for years and not much has changed - I see this as a good thing! Stable and reliable!  My family goes every year for St. Pattys Day corn beef! Very nice place for a bar night dinner, or to catch up with some friends over drinks!~corn beef 
Don't go here for the decor, but the staff is friendly and the fried pickles are very tasty.  Good value.~fried pickles 
I believe in awarding stars bearing in mind the type of restaurant reviewed.   One can tell by the name that LPW won't replace Ohio's lost Maisonette restaurant in Cincy any time soon, nor does it aspire to do so, but for a sports-bar type venue, these folks do it all right, and do so at the right price! Stopped for lunch on a Saturday.  The lady got a cheeseburger and fries, I got scrod and broccoli, we split an order of their fried pickles as an app. The pickles were dill spears coated with just the right amount of what was likely a beer batter and deep fried to tangy perfection. They got the spears vs. chips decision right!  The lady usually looks askew at this type of fare, but happily camped out over the plate and ate her fair share!    And here's the kicker they were under four bucks!   Kudos Mr. Pickle; you done good!  The fries were very lightly battered and done perfectly, with just the right amount of crispness outside followed by a creamy interior, ... the fry guy here knows his craft! And the burger was good as well.. ...typical of the genre.    I find it difficult to fawn excessively over  a burger.  The scrod was a very generous sized portion, nicely caramelized and served with lemon and butter and perfectly done. When I was given the option of fries or baked potato or rice I asked if there were a green option and broccoli was offered, it was done perfectly as well and the amount was easily enough for two to share. My dinner came with a salad, which happily WAS NOT from a bag-o-lettuce, but rather freshly cut romaine, a cuke slice or two, carrot shreds and tomato, and it was accompanied by a store bought dinner roll and butter.  The service was quite good, although the waitress appeared to be a bit over-extended, but that's a management issue, not the server's fault.  Happily they are in the Cleveland Entertainment book, and as I had the coupon sitting on the table during the meal, the waitress took the value off of the ticket before it was even presented! I'm all for efficiency, especially when it affects how quickly I can get out of a restaurant.  That move garnered the fifth star!  We both stated that we will go back in a heartbeat!~i believe in awarding stars bearing in mind the fries, broccoli, fried pickles 
THE CLASSIC BURGER IS AMAZING.  It's definitely a top ten burger. The fries are good too.~classic burger 
Was boozin and cruisin with my canine comrade. Went all the way out to Hudson via Brecksville/82. Looking for anything to Yelp. Nothing. Not even in the strip mall I used to hit in Hudson on my dry cleaning route back in the day. There was a deli, but it opened at fucking 11! Who even wants to go to a deli after 11? Weak. Breezed through Peninsula. Winking Lizard? Bah. Ended up backtracking through Brecksville and I remembered an old friend. London Pickle Works! Was it still there some four years after I stopped in while house shopping? Yup. Incidentally, investing in a condo down there probably would have made more sense than buying a house in Lakewood. Live and learn.  Cozied up to the bar and ordered a Killians, plus cheesesteak to go(for pooch). Like the Unicorn, food was amazingly done before I could chug my brew. I could get used to this kind of service. The bar was all old men. Matt, I don't know how you do it. They were watching Fox news for chrissakes!! Total was eight dollars! Holy shit. I dropped a three dollar tip on that barmaid's ass. How could I not? A real meal at fast food prices, at fast food speed, served by someone not under house arrest with work privileges. Busted open the styro box. Big sandwich with mushrooms, onions, cheez and beef sliced so thin I swear it was a Steak'um. I never ate those as a kid, but I remember one time my friend had one in his bedroom where we were playing NES. He didn't want it, so we threw it all around the room. Fries were awesome. Also got a pickle. That's eight dollars with the beer, just to recap. Great value, nice location, old men. I won't wait four more years to come back.~sandwich mushrooms, beef fries 
Okay, so it is a bar with an old fashioned family restaurant attached. We were there almost 2 hours for the Tuesday night burger special. They need more staff. The table was a little sticky. However, the food was delicious. The French fries were nice and crispy, and the Half pound burger didn't taste like a pre-made frozen patty. Our total bill was $15.30 for 2 meals and 2 Cokes. We'll definitely go back.~burger french fries 
3 stars is fair for this pub.   The food is good and well priced for a bar.   Tuesday has $5 burgers and chicken sandwiches.   The pecan pie is good for dessert.   I got the chicken dinner, it came with a 6 oz chicken, broccoli, steamed potatoes, salad, and roll. It was ok. I'd stick with the burgers though. The salad was fresh.   Their fries are really good.~burgers chicken pie chicken chicken, broccoli, steamed potatoes, 
Have dined in twice now and today was take out for corned beef sandwich. I don't know why I keep thinking this place is going to change. Food is at best "ok". The inside is a dive needs some serious updating. This would be ok if this place was a hidden dive bar with amazing food- not the case. Today's lunch- puke. Dry corned beef, probably the worst I ever have had.  Lession learned never returning.~have dined in twice now and today was take beef sandwich. dry corned beef 
This small tavern, has great burgers and the best fries within 100 miles!  It's simple, unpretentious, and the folks are mellow and ready to accommodate their customers.  I understand they added music on the weekend and will surely check it out on the weekend.~burgers fries 
Went here last Friday for dinner very disappointed!  Waited for ever for someone to tell us to seat ourselves and then waited forever for the waitress to come over it seemed they were very busy gossiping at the counter.  Food was so-so nothing special the salads good use cheese served very plain.  Better restaurants nearby.~salads cheese 
I can't give this palce 5 stars because hell, its just not a 5 star place.  But it's the Pickle!  If ever in Brecksville stop over at the neighborhood bar for cheap, quality food (you get what you pay for though), a typical old bar atmosphere, free popcorn, and sit in chairs that I swear haven't changed since I was 5.  The place is awesome, I'm there every weekend.~popcorn, 
Great prices.   Good food. Typical fare: burgers chicken, fish, etc  Really friendly and eccentric staff. This place is a keeper.   Try the hot pickle. I buy them and use them in bloody marys.~burgers chicken, 
Ah, Khotan... I knew you when (SIGH) you were something different.... a perfect blend of Asia's decor and food... and how far you have fallen since that time. While I still appreciate your service and your stunning looks, I am surprised by what has happened to your menu... sorry looking sashimi (though the uni was a standout... shouts out to Santa Barbara!!), uninspired hot foods (kung pao shrimp at $21? For real?? ).... even the drinks are sorry in comparison to what once was.... SIGH.  Perhaps this is why you are closing your doors from November 30th through January 3rd (Seriously? During one of the busiest times of the year in Vegas!?) At least you still have your Treasure Island pirate show, which will always be a sight to behold. Perhaps you should visit what you once were (read: Social House at Crystals) and reclaim your glorious days. Until then, I will continue to hold onto hope that you will find your spotlight (or at least a better menu) once again.~shrimp 
Khotan sucks as a place to eat. The girls and I went to this place for "Dinner" but really all we got was appetizers. We went during happy hour so it was suppose to be cheaper, but it don't mean the size is bigger. I ordered some spicy tuna and it was $7 for like a tiny portion that didn't do anything for me at all. The roll were so tiny it was about the size of a quarter and I got four of those. BOO times 2. The only reason this place got two stars out of me was the bartender. They both were entertaining and he gave us some drinks for free. Atmosphere is really not impressive either.~appetizers. tuna 
My boyfriend and I decided to go resturant hunting on our visit in LV for our 1 year anniversary..we didnt have a spot in mind but on our many, many, many walks on the strip we found Khotan.   So I decided to call and make a reservation since I didnt know whether it was a forsure spot we would get in for dinner. *WHICH I DO RECOMMEND, BTW!* We got there and were greeted and waited in the longue/bar area..it was def cute, we were soon taken to our seats in the patio area (which i also do recommend esp if you come around the 9 o' clock time frame for the pirates show.) OMG, when were going up there are beautiful gold deposit boxes all around then you hit the patio/seating area and you get a great view of the strip AND the pirate show..feels  like the fireworks are going to hit you haha.  The food was great, me and my bf def recommend the chicken lollipops for a appetizer (get two bc i could finish that whole plate if i didnt have to share with my bf HAHAHA). You def wont regret it, I ordered the Khotan Beef plate and it was actually good! I wish it did have a little more but I was full forsure. My boyfriend had the Orange chicken plate I believe and he enjoyed that plate as well although he did wish he had more food on there...just b/c hes def a fattie. haha  Overall, great place for some pan Asian food, GREAT SERVICE btw!, great views, free show of the pirate show w/o the bussling of the crowds, patio seating is great and def a great overall resturant in vegas.~chicken khotan beef 
***for lounge only****  Maybe I like this place only because my friend and I stumbled upon this place during happy hour.  Oh the two best words ever.  We ordered from the cocktail happy hour and I got some cranberry concoction (don't remember the name) and my friend had the asian pear.  I liked mine since it's tart as I like it but my friend didn't care for it. She did love her asian pear though since it was pretty sweet.  We were going to have dinner so we didn't splurge on appetizers but the couple next to us took advantage of the happy hour prices.  I took a peek and it looked like it was good since they ate every bite of their sushi rolls.  Bartender was really nice as well.  Noted, maybe on a weekend this place is poppin' but I enjoyed the quietness in the busy Vegas atmosphere on a Thursday night.~cranberry asian pear 
I love the decor and vibe of Khotan. A little hard to find at first but once you enter, it's worth the search. I really liked the safe deposit boxes in the entryway - made for some cute pictures.  Food: Yum! I think it *may* be hit or miss based on reading other reviews but we chose wisely. Here's what I liked: Spicy tuna roll - just enough spice, quality fish Curry noodles - love the curry they used, definitely singaporean. big shrimps.  Ginger chicken with broccoli - a lighter option with clean flavors. Service: Great! Our sever recommended his favorite drinks and was helpful answering questions about the food. This would be a great date spot. I'll be back to enjoy the atmosphere :)~tuna roll - shrimps. ginger chicken broccoli - date 
Worst sushi rolls ever -- the shape and size of a box of Tic Tacs with chewy rice and a rectangular layer of raw fish on the top. Bland, difficult to eat. We were hoping it was the same chef as Social House (restaurant at what is now Khotan's spot) because there was a jalapeno yellowtail sashimi on the menu (like the amazing one we'd had at Social House two years ago). The jalapeno yellowtail sashimi was actually excellent. The rest of the meal was totally downhill. When we started walking upstairs to get our table, the maitre 'd called out, "Watch your step because if you fall, I'd have to laugh at you." So, they can't make sushi and they have some clueless staffers too. Don't waste your time or if you insist on going, try the hot foods versus the sushi rolls.~worst sushi rolls ever -- the shape and size jalapeno jalapeno sushi sushi 
My girlfriend and I stayed at TI and we were looking for an easy dinner one night, so we decided to stroll into Khotan.  Meh...  I wouldn't say the food was bad, but it wasn't good.  I think the best word to describe it would be: amateurish.  It would be hard to believe that they had real sushi chefs in the kitchen, or that they used high quality fish.  Some of the fish didn't taste like anything!  No taste!  The service was pretty good, but our waiter didn't seem to know much about fish.  Don't waste your money on the Jalepeno Hamachi appetizer.  I don't know how anyone could have the nerve to charge $22 for 5 tiny pieces low grade Hamachi (if it even was Hamachi) on a chip.  The Tuna Tartare wasn't that great either...  I've had better hors d'oeuvres at weddings.  The concept of the Salmon Parmesan roll sounded good, but when eating it, the Parmesan didn't make sense.  I was in the mood for noodles, so we also ordered the Crab Lo Mein.  It was basically ramen noodles with a few pieces of tasteless crab on top.  I could've made ramen noodles and topped it with imitation crab for about $2 and it would have been just as good, or better, than their $14 dish.~my girlfriend and i stayed at ti and we sushi tuna salmon ramen noodles ramen noodles 
Only 4 stars because of the expense--without our $55 Groupon, our meal for two, including one large house sake, would have been over $100.  However, even if we hadn't had the Groupon, it would have been WELL worth the money. What a find!! The decor is gorgeous, we were waited on by two attentive garcons (sat at the sushi bar so chatted with the sushi chefs as well), and the menu is extremely creative and--most importantly--DELICIOUS.   Our waiter recommended the yellowtail appetizer with tempura jalepenos in a light, yummy sauce and WOW was he right. We both "mm'd" through our whole meal, starting right from the tasty beginning.   Every piece of sushi (we got the large maki for dinner so we received about 20 pieces of sushi) was fresh, generous and absolutely fantastic.   By the time we finished our large dinner order we were almost full, but definitely not ready to stop eating! We each ordered another round of nigiri--my boyfriend got tuna and I got salmon, YUM!  What a hidden gem...thanks to Groupon for helping us find this one! We will DEFINITELY be returning next time we're in Vegas.~sushi sushi sushi ( sushi) tuna salmon, 
Sushi was very average and very expensive with no wow factor. Tasted just "bleh". Miso soup was very salty and ginger salad was made from a lot of weird lettuce that was not cut small and difficult to eat. Took a long time to get the salad. We asked to sit on the balcony to watch the show and they gave us a table at the backside so we couldn't see. Service was barely ok and kept making excuses why it was taking so long.~sushi was very average and very expensive with no miso ginger salad lettuce salad. 
I can't say from my experience that I understand the mediocre reviews for Khotan. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We didn't have the sushi and stuck to mainstream pekinese type dishes; lettuce wraps, edamame (ok, they're Japaneze), lobster curry and sweet&sour chicken, all of which were fresh and tasty.   I suspect this place may suffer from an expectations standpoint. It is not that expensive, we paid approaching twice the price at Jasmine two nights before for a similar quality meal. I am going to brutally honest here and suggest what is expensive to a TI guest is not the same to a Bellagio one ( we are neither by the way).   Give this place a try. We really liked it.~sushi lettuce wraps 
Like several other reviewers, I went to Khotan because a friend had a Groupon and we of course waited until the last minute to use it.  I checked out the menu before going and was really scared.  It really looked like a Panda Express menu with such exotic choices as sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken, and beef and broccoli.  Authentic, Khotan is not. But, hey, it's food and we had a coupon.  The decor inside is really wonderful, with really interesting jade statues, ivory carvings, and a wall of gold, vault-like boxes. A++ for effort there.  We were seated outside and it was  a nice night.  But, seriously, that Sirens show is craptastic and if you're not a fan, sit inside.  We ordered Khotan lobster, chicken lo mein, brown rice, and a tempura platter.  The sauce in the Khotan lobster is great, but, gasp, it's $36. The chicken lo mein was "eh," very boring and the chicken was slightly overcooked. The tempura platter was delicious but anything fried always is.  I'm conflicted because I generally liked the execution, food, and service, but it was such a boring menu I'd probably never go back.  If you want expensive Panda Express-esque food with a strip view, however, this is your place.~chicken, chicken, beef broccoli. chicken brown chicken chicken 
We stumbled upon khotan by pure laziness...We were watching the TI show (wow...not kid friendly anymore) and gambled a little before we started getting some hunger pangs.  So we wandered a little bit and saw the downstairs opening for this place.  We thought it was a small casual place and had no idea it was considered upscale dining.  The host greeted us then talked into his ear radio....He then escorted us to the elevator and sent us up.  We were then greeted by another host and seated in the bar area since it was a quiet sunday night.  We just needed a few bites to eat so we could make our flight without starving.  Started off w. some edamame (the norm, nothing crazy) then we shared chicken lollipops (not bad), kobe sliders (looked dry but were actually moist), gai lan side dish (cant go wrong w/ veggies) and a noodle dish (don't remember which but it was dry dry dry and super chewy/tough rice noodles...terrible).  It was just a spot we ended up at due to convenience of it's location...right in front of us as we were about to give up looking...  Food was good but not memorable. (well except the super awful noodle dish)~edamame ( chicken rice noodles... 
The restaurant was pretty slick, great atmosphere and a really cool patio. If you happen to go for dinner the pirate show is pretty cool since you are watching it from the back side of the boats. The Edamame was really buttery and apps were spot on. The drinks were great, and my ginger mojito was really refreshing after a long day on my feet.   The reason this wasn't a 4 star was because my diner was rather salty and not much better than something I would get at my local Chinese take out place. The food was so so, but the drinks, app and atmosphere were great.    Worth a visit and they frequently have Groupons and happy hour specials.~edamame ginger 
We used a Groupon to try out this restaurant in TI.  We sat at a table on the patio to watch the 8pm Sirens show.    Pros: - nice patio with misters and adequate seating.  Good location to see the show (even if the show is GOD AWFUL- but I won't rate this place according to the show.  My eyes were bleeding after watching it.) - decent variety of food selections and full bar - decor and ambience were pretty nice  Cons: - food was overpriced for the quality.  I had the Teriyaki chicken, which was dry.  California Roll appetizer was dry and fell apart.  The lettuce wraps were decent appetizers, as was the tempura platter.  We ordered a lot of food and were really underwhelmed.   - service was uninspired and our waitress looked really annoyed to have to walk to our table, which was located a bit out of the way.  She disappeared for a bit while we ate and my husband had to go to the kitchen to get more soy sauce.  We eventually had to call out the Mgr to ask for service, and things got better after that.  He was very apologetic and checked in to make sure things were OK.    I think if we hadn't had the Groupon, we would have not come here.  Without the Groupon, we would have spent the $200 elsewhere and received much better quality food and service.  I suppose it might be worth it to come and try the lounge area during happy hour.~we used a groupon to try out this restaurant chicken, california roll lettuce wraps 
I ate at Khotan tonight with my husband, sister-in-law and her husband. We were there to use our Groupons before they expired.The service was really good. So was the lighting. We ordered the sliders, Tom Yum with chicken and the crispy asparagus to start. The sliders were pretty darn tasty with a side of pickled ginger that our server recommended. The Tom Yum was really good too. The asparagus came out ice cold. They brought us another one, but it still wasn't great hot. The coating is way too thick. We all agreed that they use Rice Krispies for the "fry."  For dinner, we ordered the Pad Thai (awesome), Khotan beef (decent), and crispy walnut shrimp. All of us like walnut shrimp from Ping Pang Pong and China Mama. We were expecting it to be hot. It was cold. Apparently, that's the way they serve this dish - fried cold shrimp. Once we knew, it wasn't that bad on the bed of vinegary salad. Just wasn't what we were expecting.  Our dessert of mini-cupcakes was comped. The worst cupcakes I've ever had. Three cupcakes - mango, coconut and chocolate, each with their own sauce. I really, really wanted to like them. They didn't taste fresh and were too cold. The cake wasn't fluffy and was really dense.   The restaurant is beautiful. Worth a try. Don't expect miracles.~chicken asparagus ginger asparagus rice krispies thai ( khotan beef 
This place is weird.  So we were greeted by the hostess in front who looked like she was wearing butt pads.  No skinny Cambodian-looking girl would have an ass that sticks out ten inches from her back unless she stuck a basketball in there, seriously.  Then she told us to go upstairs because that's where the real restaurant is at and we were again greeted by another Asian hostess. While walking upstairs, you would feel like you're in a bank's safe box room because seriously, that's what it looks like, no joke.  Fun to play with, but weird.  Am I missing some sort of cultural significance here?   The place is dark with small tables, chairs and booths.  It took them ten minutes to hand us the menus after being seated which I thought was incredibly appalling because I'm sure they didn't forget about us.  They have candles on the tables which made it kinda uncomfortable because it seemed too romantic for our own goods (We were hungry and randomly walked into this place).  I ain't gonna lie, the food was good!  We ordered some noodles which tasted like mixed flavors of Chinese and Italian.  Surprise, surprise, it came in a tiny portion that can easily be confused as an appetizer.  WTF mang.  There were just too many selections on the menu (sarcasm) so I ordered an eye roll.  For more than a dub, it's not worth it.  But compared to other rolls I've had at other sushi places, this roll melted in my mouth with just the right amount of flavor, MmmM.  As long as its good, I like it.    I liked how our waiter came back to refill my friend's drink a couple times without being asked.  I like attentiveness.  I like staffs who pretends to be genuine as good as they're faking it.  Having missed our menus for the first ten minutes, the service is above average.   Even if money grew on my orange tree, I wouldn't come here again though.~sushi 
What a waste of time and money.  We had dinner thinking that the chef from Social House was still there but I guess I should have read the other reviews posted by yelpers.  I guess if I had to describe the restaurant it would by con-fusion...horrible creations that make you think twice about eating there (salmon parmesan roll, crab lo mein Alfredo, wtf?).  Terribly expensive and it seemed that the staff didn't care too much about what was going on around them.~salmon 
Not worth the money. Bad drinks and equally bad overpriced food. The pay roll was bland and possibly the worst I've ever had. It made the $35 roll taste even worse. The mongolian beef is better at P F Changs.Service was good. Decor was very nice. It takes alot  for me to say these things about any place. Good luck.~beef 
Recently ate at Khotan. The food was quite good. I had the cashew chicken and my wife had sweet and sour chicken. While somewhat expensive, and the service a bit slow, it was a good experience overall especially with the Groupon discount saving us $25.~cashew chicken 
Much MUCH better as Social House.  What the hell was TI thinking?  SH was more Japanese influenced, I would say Khotan is more Chinese influenced, with a Japanese pricetag.    Grub: *Jalapeno Hamachi, not as buttery & fresh as I'm used to, soy overpowered, I liked the battered jalapeno slices, great texture, $22 *Rainbow Roll, snow crab & fish were not fresh, $18 *Broccoli Beef, liked the Broccoli Rabe aspect, the beef was eh, $24 *Gai Lan, cooked nicely, & not too greasy, $6 *Crab Lo Mein Alfredo, really strange, like the powdered packet in Hamburger Helper, but oddly comforting, $14  This place is pretty pathetic, but they serve a mean cocktail & boast a great alfresco dining option.~jalapeno jalapeno broccoli beef, broccoli beef 
Was craving sushi after walking around the outdoor mall at Treasure Island. Just happened to come across this place. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't necessarily good either. Decor is nice, service is average, the bartender was cool though. For the price they charge I would pass on this place. I know it's Vegas but there's some standards you would expect based on the price and the food just didn't meet the standards in my opinion.~was craving sushi after walking around the outdoor mall 
I came here back when it was social house, and now Khotan. I tell you it's like night and day. And I don't mean that in a good way. While the decor hasn't really changed much. The menu sure has and not for the better. My experience here while being social house was so wonderful. I figured regardless of the name changing I'd give it a shot. Boy was I wrong. Like I mentioned before the decor is still unique. Dim, sheik, very Asian like of course. But wait, they use to have a dj in the lounge area. Gone, go figure. And the waitresses from what I remember were a lot nicer. Anyway. I ordered a few sushi pieces, with some chicken like kabobs. I believe a salad. Had a few beers. Sushi was very Mediocre. Chicken was dry. Salad was salad. Can't really remember anything memorable from my meal. Aside from the overpriced food. A big disappointment. I doubt I'll be coming here again. Only reason I'm even giving this place 2 stars is because it was once social house. Anyway if over priced wanna be asian food is your gig. Along with half ass service. Be my guest.~sushi chicken kabobs. salad. sushi chicken salad salad. 
Mediocre food. 50$ for one person. I could have had better food at Panda Express. The orange peel chicken was cold and lacking flavor. The veggies in the dish tasted like they weren't washed before being cooked. Only good thing about this place is the atmosphere, it is the only reason I didn't give it 1 star.~chicken 
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. It has a cool atmosphere, but it's super expensive and the food is so-so for the price you pay. It's also super dark, so it's hard to read the menus. This is probably to hide that you're paying $45 for a few pieces of steak.   If you're here at the right time, Treasure Island's pirate show will play right outside your window, so you can listen to the cannons and fireworks go off while you're eating a romantic dinner. That could be a good or bad thing depending on your personality.~steak. 
While looking for a restaurant on the strip that had excellent decor and a romantic atmosphere, but at the same time a reasonable price, i found Khotan. The service was good, our waiter was very social and always kept our drinks filled. I tried out the orange peel beef and my girlfriend tried out the Khotan beef both were very delicious dishes, but me being a fat ass was still hungry after since there isn't very much in the plate.  what i suggest:  1. Eat out in the patio if you are going to be there at nightfall, Khotan is right above the pirate show at T.I.  2. Chicken lollipops! really good appetizer~beef khotan beef 
My four stars are for the lounge area and the food.  The service in the dining area was lame.  The lounge was great.  During happy hour (5-7PM) there are drink and app specials. And since ISLA was packed to the gills, my fella and I decided to check out Khotan.  The barkeep was friendly and chatted us up while we sat and watched an NBA game.   We were so pleased with the service and food (spicy tuna roll -- YUM) that we decided to come back a couple hours later for dinner.  The dining area is upstairs.  Getting up there is quite a sight - floor to ceiling gold drawers. Pretty impressive.  Once seated (inside) we quickly realized we should have sat on the patio.  The inside of the restaurant was dark.  Not mood-making-romantic dark.  More like push-that-candle-here-so-I-can-read-the-menu dark. Oh well.  We ordered a couple entrees (pad thai and singapore style noodles) and a Tom Yum soup.  The soup was super tasty and chocked full of amazingly tender chicken.  My one gripe about the soup...there were pieces of fried scallion (or something...I couldn't really see what it was) that was really fiberous and unpleasant to eat.  I ended up picking it out of my soup.  The pad thai was to die for. Super tasty and a really great portion.  I did raise an eyebrow at the price ($15) - but hey, it's Vegas baby.  My fella loved the singapore style noodles.  He would have licked the plate clean if he wasn't so classy.  We enjoyed a two-for-one cocktail with our complimentary voucher from Treasure Island and both opted for the ginger mojito. (Give me anything with Canton in it and I'm set. Yum.)   So - let's talk about the service. The servers were polite and great when we saw them.  We had four different servers at one point and before any of them could get to our table to take our order, the barkeep came by since we had been sitting (unattended to) for about twenty minutes. This could have definitely had to do with the fact that for a while we were the only ones inside the dining area, but the servers never acknowledged the crap service.  A simple, "Sorry 'bout the wait" would have sufficed.  Oh well.  Good thing the food is so good. I'm dreamin about that pad thai. Mmmmm...~my four stars are for the lounge area and tuna roll -- thai chicken. thai ginger thai. 
The best description I can give about this restaurant is that it is the Panda Express of asian food and not worth the price.  For appetizer we had the crispy asparagus. It was just japanese crackers deepfried around asparagus. Too weird of a texture but okay to eat. Only 6 sticks. So to me, 6 asparagus heads is not worth that price.  I got the lobster curry. Again, for the price, it was not worth. i can get thai green curry for $5.95 down the street and throw in some steamed lobster and get the same effect.   hubby got korubuta pork chop. okay, but have had much better elsewhere.  the place is also really dark, to the point where you cannot read your menu. you have to put the menu an inch away from the candle on your table. lame.  and the TI sirens show in the background is VERY annoying.  skip this place. and TI, please don't make lame asian restaurants. it's an insult to the main demographic of your casino.~asparagus. asparagus. asparagus thai pork 
Best place for fries! Breakfast sandwiches! Hot Meals! I didn't realize everything is made in house from scratch!!!!!! From the hummus, salads, pasta and pasta sauce!!!! The Chicken Shawarma  sandwich is like nothing you have had before! It's juicy, fresh and huge!!! Also! Ladies it doesn't fall apart!!!! Great lunch place!!!! I personally am a fan of the falafel sandwich! They stick French fries in it for me!!! Also, the people that work there are very sweet, humble and down right good!   This place is more like family! They know everyone by name!  You walk in and instantly greeted with great service. They give you time to decide and help you customize if needed.   On several occasions I have gone into the restaurant in a rush between meetings and they are fast!!!! Which I appreciate. I have brought in a few clients with me and they never disappointed with the food. Always consistent.   If you are in the area.. Give them a try!!!! They ROCK!!!!!!~fries! salads, pasta pasta chicken sandwich sandwich! french fries 
First time going here. Great food. I had a whole wheat chicken shawarma. Was really good and refreshing and filling. Will be going back in the future.~wheat chicken 
Bring a sweater and leggings/pants with you, because this place is freezing! There's something wrong with their ventilation/air-conditioning system. It might be warmer if you sit next to the grill.  The sushi is always good but I've never had the grill. It's a great place to get together with friends, family or colleagues for any group event. Children's birthday parties are celebrated a lot here. I plan on celebrating mine here in September.~sushi 
Toyo, Toyo, Toyo... where do I begin. I was first introduced to this place 4 years ago, for my friend's 18th birthday. We had an unbelievably fun time with the tempenyaki grills and a wonderful chef/performer.   I came back another time for a company dinner (my suggestion, woo!) and they were able to accomodate close to 25-30 of us at 2 facing tables. We had another great performance by a chef and everyone left satisfied.  I've come back several times since, in much smaller groups. Unfortunately, the chefs never perform or make a spectacle for smaller parties only the large groups, pretty disappointing. Also, the food can be pretty bland if not seasoned perfectly - which has been the case the last couple of times.  It's also not really that cheap given the portions. Service is pretty decent at the tempenyaki tables - soup, salad and the meal for one price (rice included) for one price and the servers are usually quick to bring out this portion. Tempenyaki takes a little bit of time - so do not come in here if you're in a rush - they usually wait to fill up the whole table with small parties... which by the way, is incredibly awkward!   I'm sure there are better tempenyaki places in Montreal, but Toyo will make do.~salad 
Great staff, great location and great food. The chefs are amazing and make the experience memorable. Great Japanese food. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for a date or even a party.~date 
bit pricey but great for groups. Not sure if it's good for dates. Food: teriyaki chicken was great! Shimps and beef were ok. It's just salt-pepper and soy sauce in cooked food. No special spices/exotic ingredients. Portions are ok, too.  3 starts just because it's entertainment else i'd have given this 1 star based on just food.~chicken beef soy sauce 
Such a cool environment .. its awesome for partys snd the chefs always entertaining the guests I find it a very new york feeling... I love it. The food is great and so are the drinks , we went once for sushi .. it was great!! So fresh and clean.~sushi .. 
It's a really nice restaurant , very similar to benihannas if anyone is interested ...I ended up getting the jumbo shrimp & it was made to perfection anyone that loves Chinese food would understand~shrimp & 
I was going out to dinner with a client and wanted something good near my hotel. My brother, being a local, recommended Toyo. Although you can get sushi here, the main attraction is the Teppanyaki.  As other Yelpers have mentionned, if you don't come with a large enough group to fill up the whole table, they will seat you with others and you'll have to wait until the whole table is full before the chef will start the show/dinner. Luckily for us, this only took about 15 minutes, in which we had enough time to sample some of their tasty sake.  Our chef was absolutely hilarious! He had a sort of Bruce Lee trying to do a joke type of humour and was a magician with his utensils. My colleague went for the scallops, while I opted for the filet mignon. Both were very tasty but the chef mentioned that I should try the samurai steak next time, as it's his personal favourite (he let me have a little bite and it was delicious).  Half way through the dinner, he asked us if anyone was celebrating anything special. We weren't there for anything in particular but my birthday was coming up that weekend so I told him I was turning 28. He surprised us with something spectacular (see the pic I posted!).  We really had a great evening here. I highly recommend Toyo if you're in the mood for a fantastic dinner and a show.~sushi steak 
I  have been going to this place regularly for over ten years. It is consistently awesome. I agree with another reviewer, if you're in a rush, it's not the place for you. And it is awkward to sit with a bunch of people you don't know. However, more often than not, my fiancé and I are seated at a table alone which is nice.   Considering the portions, this place isn't that expensive. It is one of the only restaurants where my fiancé doesn't need to eat a second meal 30 minutes later. Our bill (with tax but no tip) usually comes out to $115. This includes a bottle of sake (I order the chicken teriyaki, he orders the shrimp and filet mignon).    In terms of the "show" aspect, I'm not a huge fan of this. I have only experienced chefs who really put on a show when dining with large groups. But this, for me, is a positive.   This place is our go-to when we want a filling, casual and awesome meal. I highly recommend it.~chicken shrimp 
This Bar Restaurant is a wide open airy space within the Apex |International Hotel.We booked a table for Fathers Day Lunch. I have to say the food was excellent, the service was very good & value for money on the Sunay Lunch menu was excellent. The soup was piping hot, the Roast beef melted in the mouth! Didn't have room for puds but they looked fantastic~beef 
Had dinner here in december last year, it was close to my friends apt and we just went there because we didn't want to go far. Food was nice, a bit pricey though, I had Orzo pasta, sun blushed tomato, rocket, parmesan & pine nuts, the pesto on it could've had less oil on it as I found quite greasy even for a pesto based sauce. It came with a nice salad so this was a good surprise.  We had a nice rose wine and service was alright.~pasta, tomato, salad 
Here tonight to try dinner. What caught my eye was the nachos and bratzel with fries. Should have just had the nachos as that was a meal in itself. If you have ever had Big Dogs' nachos you know what I am talking about. The order is so big, it would easily feed four or so. We asked them for a half order and still it was a huge portion. They layer the cheese in between the chips and pile on the sour cream, jalapenos, black olives, tomatoes and guacamole. You can add meat like chicken, taco seasoned beef, or shredded beef for just a little bit more.   Once they have it all together under the salamander it goes and it's heated all the way through. So the chips on the bottom are just as warm, crunchy and smothered in cheese as the ones in the middle and on top.   My bratzel is a hamburger with bacon, bratwurst sausage, crispy thin rings of onion, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and of course the pretzel roll. Cut this baby up into four's it's enormous. I enjoy Big Dog's its always fun to dine in or late night, eat at the bar.~fries. cheese chips sour cream, chicken, taco beef, beef chips cheese bacon, sausage, onion, lettuce, tomato, cheese, 
I had lunch here and it was very chill. I enjoyed that everyone was doing their own thing and the bartender that helped us was very nice. The food is pretty good. I had the club sandwich and my friend has this MASSIVE bratzel thing. It was giant. I have no idea how he ate it all. How anyone could eat that whole thing, but it is possible.   I did not enjoy a beer, but they have a nice selection. This will probably not be the last time me and Big Dog will share a meal, next time we will share a drink... or four.~sandwich 
I love that the dining room is non-smoking but it's not enclosed. I really dig the selection of brews here too. They have a great chocolate porter right now and the lake mead monster is a good amber that packs a punch with a 9.1% abv without too much bitterness. IMO, you can't go wrong with either.   I had the fish sandwich with garlic fries. The fried fish was good and you get 2 large fillets on the bun. It comes with tartar sauce and fries but you can get garlic or sweet potato fries for $1 more. I always get the sweet potato waffle fries and they are worth the extra buck.   The service is never bad and the beer is always cold. They really didn't do anything in particular to loose a star. I'm just at a loss with the indoor smoking. Is it too much to ask to get good food, service and beer in a clean air environment? Apparently so. Never the less, I like this place and I will be back.~sandwich garlic fries. fries garlic sweet potato 
If I give Draft House Big Dogs 5 stars, the Big Dogs on Sahara deserves a 4 star review at least.  The beer is brewed at the Draft House location on Rancho, but its just as fresh here.  In fact, when the special brews run out at the Draft House, you can often find them here or at the Nellis location for another week or two.  The bar food is good too.  The menu is slightly different, but pretty much the same as the Draft House.  The only thing is that sometimes the restaurant has slow service on weekends.  This never used to be a problem, but lately when I have gone it has been.  However, after a few Dirty Dog IPA's, this is easily forgiven.    Try the cheese curds, and the philly cheese steak sandwich.  The fries are awesome too.  Overall, this smaller version of the Draft House has the best beer brewed in Las Vegas (at their Rancho location), and pretty darn good bar food.  This is a regular hang out for me and my coworkers.~cheese cheese steak sandwich. fries 
The week of May 14-20, 2012 is National Beer Week. Any of their brews are $2 off. A pint of their beer is less than $3 for this week. It does not matter what time because this special is a 24/7 promotion. I tried the 38 special which is a blend of two different beers. It was smooth and enjoyable.   Pair any of these cold drafts with one of their monster burgers and satisfaction is sure to ensue. I got the Tex-Mex; a thick burger topped with a grilled green pepper, cheese, bacon, crispy sweet onion straws, and a BBQ sauce. With a side of their sweet potato fries for an additional $1 hit the spot. Although the fries were cold, the burger more than made up for it. My friend ordered the Big Dog burger and something else came out. In the end, we split both burgers to help alleviate his disappointment. Instead, we were both very happy. Maybe just closing my eyes and pointing would not be a bad option.~burgers burger cheese, bacon, onion sweet potato 
We wanted to find a place open for lunch that was casual. My husband was craving a burger so we found Big Dogs (it was Christmas day). We both ordered burgers and they were delicious! Juicy, large and all the toppings were fresh (tomatoes, lettuce, etc.) (posted pictures of the food, but not sure where they are...check my profile maybe.)  My 5 year old also had a burger and enjoyed it all. He is a big fan...as now when we drive by the place he yells "Big Dogs!"  The service was really professional and friendly. The place is very clean and a nice casual atmosphere. We will definitely go back (this was our first visit). It was Christmas afternoon so the place was pretty empty. We enjoyed that it was this way! No wait, immediate seating and no loud noises. They were also playing highlights of football (especially the Steelers ;-) .   We look forward to trying other menu items and would consider going to some of their events they advertise. Great burgers!~burger burgers lettuce, burger burgers! 
My brother  and I hit up Big Dogs one night around the holiday season to grab a bite, and escape the holiday craziness that sometimes exists. It was after 9, and we were seated in the bar. Not a whole heck of a lot of people around but it was the holiday time. Obviously, as a vegetarian, a place like this doesn't provide a whole lot of options, so I went with a couple apps. My brother, a meat eater extraordinaire had the pulled pork sandwich. My apps were pretty gross deep fried average bar food. My brother wasn't happy with the very gristly pulled pork. The highlight for me was the beer. I got the sampler, and quite enjoyed the Red Hydrant. The other beers were pretty so so, but the Red Hydrant hit the spot. I don't think food will ever be an option here, but I'd give it a second chance for the beer.~pork sandwich. pork. 
Third time here. Food can be hit or miss.  Good sometimes and meh others.   The beers are decent.  The bar area is mysteriously Smokey even went vacant.   I was hoping for more sausage are on the menu since they are packers fans. Also, considered taking a star for the same reason. Lol~sausage 
Well, it is what it is: a dingy, divey looking place and very unimaginative. Nothing against Big Dog's because it's not their fault but the smoking is a deal-breaker for me under any circumstances, even friends.  My friend had some fries and they were OK. I ate a few and that was about it. The server was very friendly and attentive so I have to give her that.  If you have to put up with smoking in just about every establishment in Las Vegas, you might as well go for a little class. This place is very short on any amount of that. I suppose it's OK to visit with friends just to slam a few. I've never done the restaurant side so I can't comment on that. It's pretty standard, as sports bars go.~fries 
I had lunch here with my son the other day.  I had a great beer and and great patty melt with garlic fries.  UMMM, just thinking about it makes me hungry.  He goes here with the guys from work often.  Next time I will try the black and blue burger.  Great service, knowledgeable staff.~garlic fries. burger. 
On the look out for a new place to try for Sunday football specials, we decided to finally try Big Dog's.   We sat at the bar to be able to view a few of the games and were greeted warmly by the bartender. She was very friendly and helpful, guiding us through all the specials and giving her recommendations. We decided to start with a couple of pints of Leglifter beer and some hot wings. The beer was their own brew and a pretty good deal. The wings had a nice flavor and we enjoyed them quite a bit. We decided to order some more and went with the honey hot flavor, which were our personal flavor. Spicy, sweet and delicious.We also upped the ante with some Patron margaritas they had on special. Very strong, but still pretty good.   Overall, the food isn't amazing but it was pretty good and the service and the deals were pretty good. Not the best place to view football, unless there are only one or two games you want to see at a time. They only have a few TVs scattered around and it's not easy to see all the games simultaneously. I'll definitely be back to try them again some time soon, though.~honey 
I like Big Dog's, even though I'm not a beer drinker.  This visit was our Friday Night group's choice for dinner.  The food was mostly great, the service very lacking (e.g.,hree requests to the waitress for water???).  I ordered a Tuscan chicken sandwich on foccacia, which came with roasted peppers, mozzarella, and yum, sauteed spinach and garlic.  It would have been outstanding if they'd only heated the foccacia to crisp it up.  Instead of the fries or cole slaw, I sprang for the extra two bucks to change it up for a salad.  I expected a tiny side salad, but this was really big, with lots of chopped tomatoes, cuke, cheese, and romaine.  It was missing olives, but that was great:  I hate olives!  By the time I got halfway through the salad, I felt like I'd already eaten dinner.  My husband ordered the walleye special.  I thought it was pretty high-priced at $20, but it came with the aforementioned salad, plus two sides. But when they brought out the plate, I saw the reason for the high price: the piece of fish was absolutely monstrous.  It could have fed a small third-world nation, but my husband lives to eat, so he managed to devour half of it before throwing in the towel.  It became my dinner on Saturday night, and I thought it was fabulous!  I also appreciated the fact that it wasn't over-salted.  Next time we go we'll both order it, and we'll be able to eat for a week!  One of the other couples ordered the same as us.  The guy from the third couple had the burger with bratwurst and, I think, bacon, plus some kind of cheese.  He liked it a lot.  His wife wasn't feeling very well, so she just ordered some tuna salad on a plate.  The waitress was friendly when she took our order, but then disappeared.  Luckily, the bus person was pretty efficient, and saved the day.  Make that evening.~chicken sandwich mozzarella, spinach garlic. fries salad. salad, cheese, romaine. salad, salad, burger bacon, cheese. tuna salad 
Despite the fact that Vegas has a stupid number of local's tavern type places per capita (arguably way too many), Big Dog's gets 2 thumbs up from me for their large creative menu.   I finally made it over here for lunch today after years of working in the area. With all the sports bar hopping my husband and I do during football season, taverns usually aren't my first choice for lunch. Today a burger topped with a brat and bacon just *sounded* good, so off to Big Dog's we went.   My coworker got a brat, I got the insane brat/burger/bacon thing, and my husband got pulled pork sliders. First off, they get props for all the choices of sides - fries, garlic fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, salad, potato salad, cole slaw.. OMG, so happy! I love choices. I ended up with the sweet potato fries and they ended up being SWEET POTATO WAFFLE FRIES. Best sweet potato fries ever. Seriously.   My ridiculous burger topped with a brat, and cheese, and onion strings, and bacon was amazing. I'm not sure if the burger meat itself was good because I was in topping heaven. I ate 1/3rd of it and was too full to continue. Insanely tasty and filling. My husband enjoyed his pulled pork sliders very much as well.   I'm not sure how tasty their healthy food is (although the salads did sound damn good on the menu!), but their bar food is great - a nice change from the offerings at your typical PT's.~burger bacon pork fries, garlic fries, sweet potato 
*****2013 Entertainment book...$10 bucks off of your bill of $30 or more*****   Well it has been about two years since I was here last for a less than memorable dining experience. You know those times you have dined at an establishment and had great food then you boast to a friend on how good it was. Then you take that friend to eat there and it is a complete disaster and not good at all! Well that is what happened here about two years ago so that is why I have stayed away for so long.  This just goes to show that an establishment can change for the better or worse after time, in this case luckily was for the good! I know my fellow Yelper and good friend Karen is going to shake her head and laugh when she reads this review! lol You can also read her review from when she posted about our crappy horrific visit as well.  This was one of those nights where you want to dine out however can't decide on a place so this is where hubby and I ended up.  We got there late however the basketball game was still playing so our server invited us to take advantage of happy hour as she would honor it for us. So I got a whiskey and coke for $2 and my sweetie decided on a Dog's Draft choice beer for $2 to start our meal off!  Their special this Tuesday night 3-10pm only was a half slab of BBQ baby back ribs, coleslaw and fries for $9.95. I must admit this meal was finger licking good with the fall off of the bone rib meat. The coleslaw was sweet and delicious as well really complimenting this meal along with the great golden fries. It is a lot of food for the price making a great special that I would order again for sure!  My hubby decided on the Brewer's Sandwich, a johnsonville beer brat and a red Klement's smoked brat topped with grilled onions, sauerkraut & Swiss cheese on grilled rye with beer mustard. Served with garlic fries. His meal looked delicious and he really enjoyed it a lot!  We decided for dessert to share their Big Dog's Brownie Sundae a warm, gooey, homemade chocolate brownie, topped with  häagen dazs vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and chopped peanuts. drizzled with hot fudge. It was very good!  The service was good as our server was friendly and attentive with a smiling face which made us feel comfortable.  I am happy to say the food we ordered on this visit was 100% better in quality, taste, portion and price then it was on the last visit!  We also took advantage of our coupon $10 off your check of $30 or more, so basically my $9.95 baby back rib dinner was free!~coke fries fries. sandwich, cheese rye garlic fries. ice cream, 
Nasty, terrible and disgusting come to mind as I walked in this place with a seat yourself sign.  Even worse they told me with kids I could not sit in the main dining area and I must sit in a narrow hall way that was truly awful.  It was also smokey and loud in here.  We immediately left and went to the Steak House at Circus Circus that provides incredible service, food and atmosphere.  If you want a quality place to dine and have kids avoid Big Dog's Cafe, I guess the name should have been a clue.~steak 
+ Nachos that fill up an entire plate.  + Fresh salads and soups.  + Great microbrewed Beer.  + Video poker at the bar  + Tv's throughout the entire place.  + Friendly bartenders.   - The only negative is when you sit at the bar and the old dude next to you lights up, and leaves a burning cig in the ashtray!  Would you please smoke it or put it out?!?  We have had to change seats because of this before.  (Man do I miss the Holy Cow!  Yeah, I know, it's been closed forever, but you never get over your first Vegas love.)~salads 
I'm not usually one to frequent sports bars... but I'll make an exception for wonderful Big Dog's!  They make their own beer, something that I've found to be pretty rare here in Vegas.  While most bars are offering you a choice of Bud, Bud Light or Coors, Big Dog's offers those PLUS about 8 of their awesome microbrews!  If you're a beer lover, you gotta try their IPA!  It's simply heavenly!  They usually have their regular IPA but once in a while they also offer War Dog, a knock-you-on-your-ass 9% alcohol imperial IPA!  It is SO GOOD but beware, as you really only need to drink one.  I would also recommend the stout and pale ale.  Skip the bizarre wheat beer... it tastes like root beer to me for some weird reason.    Atmosphere in the place is pretty good for a sports bar with video poker machines.  The staff is friendly and they remember you.  Very high ceilings and good ventilation, so you won't come out smelling like smoke.  They also have good bar food- excellent fries, and I would highly reccommend the fish tacos.  Nachos are HUGE... share with 10 people!~wheat fries, tacos. 
I've got to hand it to Big Dogs. My family has been coming to this place for years.  Big Dogs is basically a PTs with microbrews with a cafe attached. You walk into the big Dog House. The bar area is 21 plus, it's smokey, and there are various video poker machines. The restaurant is on the left half of the building. There is a section of hi-top seating which allows seating; the larger dining area is lined with booths and scattered tables.   I've never had a bad meal here, ever. Even those that I didn't like that much were based on my own taste buds (I just don't like brats, never will). They offer up amazing soups and cheese curds. If you are feeling indulgent, order some of these bad boys. They are gooey cheesy, beer-battered perfection. Seriously, my mouth is watering as I type this.  Some of my go-to regulars are the Southwest Steak salad, the pulled pork sandwich, fish and chips, and grandma's pot roast. They offer fries, coleslaw, potato salad, or sweet potato fries.   Service is always prompt and friendly. The place doesn't feel overly clean, but I think that has to do with the indoor smoking and dim lighting.    Big Dog is Top Dog, too!~cheese steak salad, pork sandwich, chips, fries, potato salad 
i've been here many times and the food is always on point. a lot of these "bar food" places are just soggy, greasy and overpriced but i'm never disappointed here. their beers are not far from excellent also. the sweet potato waffle fries are super good if you're tired of eating plain old french fries all the time. i highly recommend stopping by for lunch if you're ever in the area.~sweet potato 
Next stop on the Vegas slider pilgrimage - BIG Dogs.  Haven't been here in ages - kinda avoided / boycotted  since they were a big competitor of mine back in the bar owning days.  well, that was then, sliders are more important !!  debated about the tenderloin sliders or the angus since i wanted to focus on the burger options when they are offered, i chose the angus.  The angus sliders with cheese and fries ( $8.50 ) with a diet coke - i was being a good boy yet not sure why !  on a side note - this place needs a good cleaning and it really needs some fresh air pumped in ! the sliders - decent, nice spicing in the meat -something i didn't experience at the other spots.   fries - ehhhhh.  i hit them for $100 on the machines so i treated myself to an ice cream at danielles next door ( separate review )~burger cheese fries ( coke - fries - ice cream 
So, whenever I go to a restaurant which has Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches on the menu, that's the first thing I sample. If they do a good job with that, I am happy with the restaurant.   I was torn with this one. One part of me wanted to cradle this moist, flavorful, delicious sandwich as one would a hard-earned trophy, or a cherished heirloom. The other part of me wanted to shove the whole thing in my mouth at once, and just wallow in cheesy ecstasy. If I hadn't been heading to meeting with customers, I'd probably have ordered a second one just to rub all over myself, so that no part of me would have to miss out on this sandwich.   I recently found out that a friend of mine had their wedding catered by Big Dog's. Now I know why.~sandwich sandwich. 
A great place to watch football. Great bloody Mary at a great price...$3.50 is unheard of in Vegas. They serve breakfast too. This is great since college football starts at 9 am.  The best is their microbrew beer.  I loved their Tailwagger Wheat and Red Hydrant Ale. Loved their prices too.  In a land where a beer on the strip costs $10 its nice to see a game day special of 20 wings and a pitcher of microbrew for $20!~wheat 
First of all, let's be real----for the most part you shouldn't be going in to a bar/casino with high expectations about being served "fine" cuisine.  Having said that, the food here is better than expected.  I came here more for the selection of "home-brewed" beers and was not disappointed.  Especially because on Saturday nights they offer half-price pitchers and at $8 it's a good deal even for a single diner like myself.  They had a Baby Back Ribs special with a 1/3 rack of ribs plus coleslaw and sweet potato waffle fries for $8----can't beat the price.  The meat was very tender and fell off the bone and the sauce was not overpowering (it's a sweeter sauce if you like tangy instead).  I didn't try anything else because hey, it is a bar and casino!  But I would come back to try something else and maybe even try their breakfast with a fresh glass of beer.  Now we're talking!  :)~sweet potato 
I have typically stopped in to toss a few bucks into the machines when bored but have eaten here on occasion too.    First off, while it's probably not so, you just get the feeling that nothing in the place is clean.  It's old.  It shows no signs of renovation and thus the feeling of 25 years  (just a guess) of being open twenty-four hours a day catches up with the place.  As I have seen in other reviews, the smoke hanging in the air doesn't jibe well with an eating establishment.  I had it at 3 stars, but writing the review, I just can't give 3 (A ok) to a place where my clothes stink like smoke every time I spend an hour there.  Food positive:  Only place I know you can get a Bratzel (brat/burger combo on a pretzel bun)!  Food negative:  This place sort of touts itself as a Packer (ie Wisconsin) establishment but the cheese curds are terrible and covered in some sort of Parmesan cheese or something - gross - that's not how you serve cheese curds.  Oh...and as a "sports" bar, shouldn't you have the Big 10 network??  They don't.~cheese cheese cheese 
The Black Lab Stout is AWESOME! I like to pair it with the Black and Bleu Burger (with mushrooms added). The vibe here is always chill, the staff is knowledgeable and helpful, and the food is great. I would gladly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good place to eat away from the craziness of The Strip.~burger ( mushrooms 
To continue....  Great lunch specials, had a tri-tip samich with caramelized red onions on ciabatta roll.... A - mazing !  The fish samich is the catch of the sea with 2 large deep fried filets on a wheat bun...ohhh soooo good!!  Can't go wrong with da Big Dog salad with the chipotle ranch dressing....yummmmmm!    and of course the in house brews.... .38 special? just sounds coool or tailwagger wheat? why sure, please....may I have some more?  Red Hydrant Ale... well you know....  and the typical array of TV's and video poker machines, I like the blackjack.....  LET IT RIDE!!!!!~wheat salad wheat? 
we had the best meal in a long time here last night! Excellent fast service! we waited less than 10 minutes for our food, the food was AMAZING! steak was so delicious, garlic fries were sooooo gooood! and the brownie dessert was the perfect end to a wonderful meal. (sigh) I think im in love... :D~steak garlic fries 
Eh / Meh / Uhh (or as yelp says, "Meh. I've experienced better.")  Good service, decent food but really dark and somewhat spooky in the lack of windows and insane amount of cigarette smoke.  I recommend a sandwich or fried chicken-type dish, don't try the salads. Trust me. And don't expect a great selection of craft beers, but the prices are fair and like I said, the service has always been good to great there.~sandwich fried chicken 
For the past two Sundays, I've come here to hang out for a couple of hours while my Son is at a Church function.  I enjoy watching the Sunday night football game here and enjoying a drink or two.  Last night I decided to grab a bite to eat.  I was dining by myself and wanted some finger food.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to go with the Nachos ($10.50).  To wash it down, I had an Iced Tea.  I watched the Giants/Bears game while I waited for my grub......it didn't take too long before it came....the waitress delivered the Nachos and they were a friggin' mountain of Nachos!  (see pics) Seriously.....I'm not opposed to large portions, but damn this thing could easily feed 4 people!  I was a little pissed because I didn't want to eat that much and the waitress didn't say anything.....also the menu didn't mention the gargantuan size of the Nachos either.  I reacted by saying "Damn, that's a friggin' mountain of food!".....she replied "I know"......well if you knew, why didn't you say something when I ordered it?!  This is where I am torn....do I knock off a Star because of this?  or not?  I personally feel that it's the server's responsibility to inform customers of stuff like this....especially when they see someone is dining alone and portion size is not mentioned on the menu.  Back to the food....the Nachos were topped with melted Cheddar Cheese, Jalapenos, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Onions, Olives, Tomatoes.  The thing was so massive that stuff was falling off the edges of plate....another faux pas from the server is that she didn't offer me a smaller plate to eat my Nachos.....she expected me to pull pieces off this mountain and have it fall all over the table like a pig.  I tried for a few minutes but felt like a slob so I asked her for a plate, which she brought over right away.  The Nachos flavor wasn't spectacular, it was bleh.  The Cheese wasn't gooey....it was melted, but seemed to be sitting a little while because it was already coagulating and it was difficult to eat the Nachos without using a fork.  Also, it was top heavy with the toppings....meaning after the 1st layer of Nachos, there was nothing but bare chips in the lower sections.  What's the point of this dish then?  I don't know.....I felt bad because I didn't even come close to finishing it and it wasn't worth taking home......what a waste of food.  I took off 1 Star because of the bad service.....still a great place to catch a game.  I've eaten here many times in the past with great experiences, but was an inactive Yelper at the time so those experiences are outdated.  Will I return?  Because of my favorable history with Big Dog's, I will give them another chance.....next time I'm asking the server how large the portion is.~tea. cheese, sour cream, cheese chips 
Best burgers bachi burger sucks compaired to the big dogs~burgers burger 
Good food & service! A favorite of mine. Have had the buffalo chicken wrap and burgers here.. The staff is friendly and the beer is cold!~chicken burgers 
Bartender was great and knew the beers very well. Food was good, had the brat/sausage burger and it really hit the spot. The whole place itself looks like it needs a deep cleaning and to change its air filters but what can u expect from a local dive bar. I will go back when i want to gorge my self on good Wisconsin styled food though.~burger 
Just ok. The cheese curds are delicious. The beer is just average. The pretzel is  not a pretzel, it's bread with salt on it, shaped like a pretzel.~cheese 
Good football specials and strong drinks. That about sums up this place. We had wings and drinks while watching the games last Sunday. They don't have every game up and you can't really see all the games from just one seat, but it's still a good place to grab some beer and enjoy some cheap bar food. The spicy honey wings won me over and they have really good beers they brew themselves on special. The Patron margarita put me over the top. It was strong and really good. Put me in a good mood for the rest of the day.~honey 
Seeing as there are reviews for Dine on L3 (Yorkdale mall) and Urban Eatery (Eaton Centre), I figure I would review the new food court in Square One which is going by the name of "Food Central".  It has the same concept as Yorkdale and Eaton Centre, as they give you real cutlery and dishes as opposed to the plastic ones.    Compared to Eaton Centre, and Yorkdale, this is a lot smaller, but there is still at least 20 places to choose from including some of the newer entries into the food court wars (Big Smoke Burger, Amaya Express, SU&SHI, Shanghai 360, Chipolte, Szechuan Express) plus the older ones (A&W, KFC, Manchu Work etc.).  Overall, it's not a bad place to eat if you are on your lunch, can't decide what to eat or are just hanging out at the mall, but not worth a special drive (it is a food court after all right?)  Also, compared to Yorkdale, there's no special sit down restaurants close to the food court besides Earl's.~burger, 
The service was friendly and attentive without being intrusive--an ideal balance. The friend I met for dinner here had been here many times before and usually ordered the meat dinner for two. We decided to try the vegetarian version this time.   Delicious! The dhal was fabulous, as was the saag paneer. Fresh naan and thick, not too sweet lassi. The kheer was similar--rich, but not overly sweet.  In all, a delicious meal! We lucked out in being seated without a reservation, but the waiter seemed a little nonplussed at first, and we had an option of one of two tables, as all of the rest of them were reserved. So--probably best to call ahead if you're planning on coming for dinner.  My one regret is that the dinner special was so enticing--and delicious, and filling--that I never got a chance to try the other tempting options on the menu!~paneer. lassi. 
What everyone else said!  I'd like to put a good word in for their mango lassi, too.~mango lassi, 
so disappointed !  i had fairly high hopes for this place based on the yelp reviews id perused so i was very let down when it turned out that i had been mislead ...  first of all the good : the decor , if trying a little too hard to create a "fine-dining" type of atmosphere , is pleasant and i really liked the artwork on the walls featuring the nepalese (or indian ?) countryside .  the music was also nice traditional indian music .  the servers were very pleasant ; they kept their distance and didnt offer much banter but were kind , polite and attentive .  the bad :  THE FOOD !  after waiting quite a while in an empty restaurant to receive our order , we thought that maybe this was a good sign as some of our meal was being prepared "fresh" .  sadly this was not the case except maybe for the bindi masala which was slimy and undercooked .  the aloo gobi featured very hard cauliflower and stale tasting , dried out potatoes .  most disappointing was the butter chicken which was VERY tough and dry .  the sauce was not rich at all - definitely couldnt detect any butter and very little cream .  the tomatoes didnt lend any sweetness as they should but instead made the dish quite bitter .  the naan was okay .  if we hadnt had a discount through groupon , it would have felt like a complete rip-off .  the potions were VERY tiny and all four members of our party left very dissatisfied .  no offence to the other reviewers but im wondering if maybe the higher rating is partly due to the large student population in the area ; maybe this place is earning high praise from people who have little experience with indian food or what torontos competitive dining scene really has to offer ?~cauliflower potatoes . butter chicken butter 
Good quick service and all of the chicken dishes were fantastic. Highly recommended for anyone in the area. I'm looking forward to going back.~chicken 
This place converted me to malai kofta, but the butter chicken is the piece de resistance. Come for lunch for a $10 buffet and enjoy an endless supply of their amazing rice pudding and naan, but be warned that the lunch butter chicken has lots of bones while the dinner a la carte butter chicken is made with boneless chicken breast.~butter chicken butter chicken butter chicken chicken 
Dinner; Jan 15, 2011  Enjoyed a great meal with friends. The place was crowded and we waited 10 minutes (around 8 pm) My partner enjoyed the Chicken vindaloo.... way too spicy for me, but tasty... the butter chicken was one of the best I have had and the lamb saag was perfectly balanced. Don't bother with the appetizers, just order extra naan or other type of bread. Prices are decent the service impeccable.~chicken butter chicken lamb appetizers, 
delicious well-priced food with an awesome location on bloor street  shared several with five people, had  saag lamb- amazing, very tender and perfectly cooked lamb  chicken jalfrezi- excellent level of spice  vegetable tandoori- great dish for sharing, comes steaming hot with a huge variety of vegetables and paneer, my fav things to order here  shrimp jalfrezi- just as good at the chicken jalfrezi bhuteko cali- traditional vegetable dish from nepal, very well seasoned, reminded me of my travels in the Kathmandu Valley!  yes service is slow but I have been to Nepal and service is WAY slower (they make everything from scratch and multiple orders means long waits) in that country so it's a very traditional laid back dining atmosphere~lamb chicken paneer, shrimp chicken 
This place is wonderful. The flavours are rich and vibrant, with all the spices and herbs tingling every taste bud. Everything is reasonably priced so there's no fear of feasting on wanky food for two hours only to have to go to Pizza Pizza afterwards.~pizza pizza 
Everest is probably my favorite restaurant in Toronto.  The service is great, the decor is contemporary and the food is superb.  I highly recommend the Aloo Tama Bodi, Chicken Momos, the Lamb Vindaloo, Panir Tikka and the Chicken Tikka Masala.  Some of the best dining service I've had and the food is unique and of high quality.~chicken lamb chicken 
Amazing Indian Food. ordered the vegetarian meal for two and was very impressed with everything-- the vegetables were delicious, the saag paneer is the best I have ever tasted and the Naan is so fresh and tasty. Great service + great food= happy customer.~paneer 
Went here for dinner on a weekday and the live music was great, makes the experience much more enjoyable.  The service was good and not too over-the-top.  We loved the curry chicken, the garlic naan was good too, but I prefer regular naan.  Their spicy shrimp was very flavourful.  The quality of the dishes was very high.  The portions are much smaller than what I am used to at other Indian places though and it's a bit pricey too.  Overall, it was great though, I'd come back.~chicken, garlic shrimp 
The food was delicious. I had a vegetarian homemade cottage cheese + creamy tomato mix.. i forgot the name of the dish, but regardless it was fantastic. My boyfriend ordered some sort of chicken, which was extremely tender and juicy. Overall, one of the best Indian I had in Toronto..   One down side is that in comparison to the ambiance and portions, the price was a bit too expensive. Our dinner was one order of each rice, naan, the chicken, and the tomato... tax + tip was a total of $40. Not cheap at all.  I'd probably go again but I wish it was a bit cheaper. ( The vegetarian dish was $12 before tax ! Which is normally the price of a  chicken someplace else)  Service was good, the food came out pretty quickly.  Good dinner overall!!~cheese tomato chicken, chicken, tomato... chicken 
I've been to Mt Everest countless times over the years for their cheap buffet lunch (believe it costs $10.99 now but back in the day it was only $8.99)  Tried out dinner here last week for the first time.   I find the menu slightly overpriced. Most of the curries were $15 and that did not include rice or naan. Given this is the ANNEX and the decor/ambiance of this place is quite underwhelming, I think they are overcharging by a few dollars. Other similar type places with much better food (Banjara) have a more reasonable price point.  My date and I ordered the Dinner for Two special ($36.99) which was definitely the most bang for your buck. You get a platter of tandoori chicken, boti kabob and chicken tikka (two pieces of each), a lamb curry, mutter paneer, peas pulav and 1 order of rice and 1 naan. Some kind of rice pudding for dessert too.  Food was pretty tasty, didn't blow my mind but was definitely good.  Service was bothersome for me - very spotty at this place. At times they were over topping off water every 5 minutes, and at other times we could not flag them down to get extra rice or the bill, etc.  Lunch buffet is still a great option!~date chicken, kabob chicken lamb paneer, peas 
Ok, everyone else who has commented here needs to calm down a little bit.  Yes, this restaurant is nice, but come on...5 stars?  I split a non-vegetarian combo for 2 with my girlfriend and it was delicious.  In particular, the chicken from the tandoor was uncharacteristically juicy.  Typically, Indian restaurants dry the crap out of their chicken when they put it in the tandoor, and this is the strongest point in favour of this restaurant getting 4 stars.  The ambiance is where it looses a bit of cache for me.  There was a sort of awkward white guy playing a sitar in front of what must be the lunch-time buffet station.  There was just something about that scenario that screamed "We're throwing the South Asian kitchen sink at you, what more could you want?  We have a sitar, Indian food, an inexpensive lunchtime buffet and waiters wearing bowties."  Don't get me wrong, I'd come back here in a second, especially to order more stuff from the tandoor or the delicious mataar paneer, but it is NOT a 5 star restaurant.~chicken chicken white paneer, 
What a very nice place at Bloor Street west . You can have a nice buffet with a great selection of Indian food or you can order from the menu. I recommend the garlic naan and the mango lassi.~garlic mango lassi. 
The restaurant sits on the south side of Bloor Street with glass windows looking out onto the street. Like most Toronto restaurants it is long and narrow. There is a bar when you enter that separates a section of tables at the front and some near the kitchen. The decor is dark and rich with lots of wood accents. When we arrived it was almost empty but while we were sitting it was full in no time. The staff was attentive and polite providing service when needed. The menu featured a selection of expected East-Indian and Nepalese dishes. We opted for some onion bhajis, a roti, a garlic naan, and two vindaloos. Although the bhajis were a little greasy and too salt everything else was delicious. It was what one would expect for a place frequented by locals from the neighbourhood.~onion garlic 
My favorite Indian/Nepalese place in Toronto. I love the vegetarian combo, and the Chana Masala, and the Aloo Gobi...and so much more about this place. The servers are all extremely kind and friendly. If you order a complicated dish, it may take more time to come out of the kitchen--but at least you know they are cooking it with care and not throwing it in the microwave.~chana masala, 
Great neighborhood Indian joint.  Can't beat the takeout student special - 2 (smaller size) dishes, rice, naan/roti, salad, raita, and a beverage for $10.99 (veg) or $11.99 (non-veg or combo).~salad, 
It's a pleasant atmosphere to dine in. I liked the paintings of Nepal on the walls as well as the post cards near the door. They've clearly put in effort to make the place not look as tacky as the proverbial south asian restaurant, and for that I commend them.   The food is not bad per se, but it's pretty generic and forgettable. The Nepali portion of the menu is limited, and unfortunately the differences between the Indian and Nepali dishes were very minimal, for eg,: our server told us that the only difference between Bhuteko Cauli (Nepali Entree) and Aloo Ghobi (Indian Entree) was that the latter had potatoes in it! I understand that Nepali dishes aren't that different but to make the dishes taste the same is a bit ridiculous. They think that since no single table is going to order both the Nepali and Indian equivalents together, they can get away with making cosmetic changes to their dishes.  We ordered  Keema Samosas,  and the Nepalese Entrees: Aloo Tama Bodi (potatoes, lentils and bamboo shoots) and Khasi Ko Masu (goat meat with bone) and Ras Malai for dessert. The food was freshly prepared and piping hot. The Aloo Tama Bodi was quite bland and the Goat Meat curry tasted like generic Indian  goat curry. I was quite interested in the Aloo Tama Bodi primarily for the bamboo shoots and was saddened to see limp, noodl-y shoots in the bowl. Oh well. However, the Ras Malai was very good: delicately sweet, milky and cool.  The service was good except that they mixed up our order, but that was corrected in a jiffy.  Dinner for two came to about $ 52 with tip and tax. Pretty expensive for a very middling experience.  I'd have liked them to put more effort in their food than their decor.~potatoes, lentils bamboo shoots) bamboo shoots 
While the service was very good and the decor was passable, the food at Mt. Everest left a lot to be desired.  While the lunch buffet only cost $9.99, the food was very, very average. There were two meat dished, a few vegetarian dishes, and a small salad bar, so there was some variety, but the quality left a lot to be desired. The meat dishes were dry and cooked carelessly - the pieces of chicken looked like they'd been hacked at - and the veggies at the salad bar were dry and looked rather waxy. The only good dishes were the vegetarian ones, and while they tasted okay, it didn't feel like much care had been taken in their preparation.  Dinner, while much better, also came with a much steeper price tag. An order of tikka masala, rice, and naan set me back $16, and the portions of tikka masala and rice were truly very small for the price tag.~salad chicken salad 
I can't remember the name of my dish but it was a Northern Indian specialty with ginger and a blend of unique spices. It was one of the best meals I ever had.  The place is nice and quiet and the servers were friendly and efficient.  I hope my  fiancée's friends from Toronto get married so we can eat at this restaurant again~ginger 
Whether you want to get the $10 lunch buffet (such a good deal) or a night with a fine dining atmosphere without the fine dining price tag, this is for you.  Their food is excellent, really - especially during dinner time. Service is impeccable (they seriously make you feel like you're at a restaurant that would charge double the price) and prices are very reasonable.  The food at the lunch buffet is most likely just extra leftovers from the previous night so the tandoori chicken won't be as juicy and the naan not as fluffy/warm, but the curry is just as good. Either way, you can't get a better deal for $10.  Try the Lamb Vindaloo (very spicy) or the Chicken Korma!~chicken lamb chicken 
My wife and son and i chose Mt everest based on our location on bloor west and yelp reviews.  The decor is clean and pleasant and we were greeted as soon as we came in.  After our orders were taken, it took quite a while for our food to arrive and we were starting to get jittery.  It was early for dinner, 4 45 , but it was not clear why it took over 35 minutes.  All i can say is that the wait was worthwhile, the food was very good.  Tandoori veggies, lamb tikka, hunters platter, chicken masala, everything was hot and tasty, spiced just right.  The sauce and yoghurt marinade were balanced and just right.  What we appreciated the most was the quality of the lamb and other meats.  They do not cut corners on quality. A satisfying dinner.~lamb chicken lamb 
I'll admit, I've never actually sat down at Mt Everest. One time a friend popped over with some leftovers that were so good I didn't know what to do with myself, but after ordering takeout, I am not impressed.  Okra is my favourite vegetable when it comes to Indian cuisine and I order it whenever I can. Mt Everest's bhindi masala over some uninspired rice left me satisfied (it's actually way better as reheated leftovers) and I enjoyed the nice spicy kick to it, but the garlic naan was flat out disappointing. I'm a bit of a garlic naan connoisseur and I am not quite sure what to even say about what I tried because there was not much to it. It wasn't garlicky in the slightest, not even buttery, and the naan's texture was dry, tasteless, and chewy in an unflattering way.  I am for sure willing to give Mt Everest a second shot because I walk past it all the time and would really like to try some of their other items, but first I need to recover from this meal that cost over $30 (two entrees, rice, and naan - really?) and a bit of an upset stomach.~okra garlic garlic 
Me and my friend wanted to dine on some Indian food over a movie. I had previously gone to Mt. Everest for the lunch buffet and found it decent enough to order delivery.   I ordered butter chicken, naan and drinks. The delivery was done in 30 minutes which is very good when compared to delivery times of other Indian restaurants.   The food:  1. Butter Chicken: Delivery quantity was very small when compared to the actual dine-in quantity. The chicken tasted as if it was just put into the butter chicken gravy and served. We wouldn't have cared much if only the gravy tasted good. Being an Indian, I can easily differentiate good butter chicken from the rest. Unfortunately, this wasn't the best I have had in Toronto.   3 out 5 stars.  2. Naan: The Naan was a horror story. It wasn't cooked well. I could taste the raw flour which made them inedible for us. Apart from that, the naan smelled very bad.   0 out 5 stars.  We had to throw out the naan and ate the butter chicken with bread. Totally ruined the evening for us.~butter chicken, butter chicken: chicken butter chicken butter chicken butter chicken 
I am a self-confessed foodie, and so I'll explain why this much looked-forward-to event turned into the worst nightmare. This restaurant has the most horrible customer service that you can imagine. Me and a friend went over in the early part of the evening and resto was already pretty crowded. One of the servers sat us down at a 'waiting' table in the front and said the table would be ready in about 20 minutes. He put down a couple of poppadums and then vanished. 35 minutes went by, the waiting area was getting pretty crowded. We were getting antsy by now. My friend went and found the guy and asked him for an update 'only 5 minutes sir!' OK..another 15 went by..my friend went again to look for the sever who (guess what) took one look at him and ran inside!! Meanwhile, even those waiting after of us were seated. We managed to find the floor manager who looked surprised that we'd been waiting for 1 hour plus. I had enough and said- look, either we sit asap or we can leave, to which he replied - not possible today...human error... I'd be happy to serve you another day...we waited for him to add the words 'on the house' or at least a measly 'at a discount' but NO! nothing...he just looked at us blankly. We left the resto hungry, tired and with a resolve to tell other foodies like us about how LITTLE THEY CARE FOR THE CUSTOMER!! Oh and btw- you get seated first if you're white! :-( epic, epic fail.~white! 
Went here with a Nepalese friend of mine. Delicious Naan bread and whatever else we had was good too. My friend ordered in Nepalese so I have no idea what the dishes were, but they were sufficiently spicy and easily mopped up with the bread, which was hot and freshly made.   I think one of the appetizers was called Momo, it reminded me of dim sum but much spicier. Here is a picture from a google search. http://www.travelandtournepal.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Momo-With-Sauce.jpg  Highly recommend the momo. I would go here again on my next visit to Toronto. Price was reasonable.~appetizers 
this is a nice spacious restaurant with low lighting and simple but nice decor, nothing all that memorable, but clean nonetheless.  we ordered the Non-Vegetarian Bhojan for two and to start we ordered the chicken momos.  so we had a mixture of indian and nepalese food.   the momos were absolutely deeeelicious.  they dough was cooked well (maybe slightly overdone, but if so just barely) so that it was soft and not overly chewy.  the filling inside was tender pieces of chicken and spinach i think.  that was very tangy, like it had soup inside or something.  then the waiter brought us one part of a our Bhojan.  that had a couple different kinds of chicken, like the tandoori, some boti kebab - which might have been beef or lamb, not sure.  the chicken was surprisingly tender and tasty in both forms.  the lamb/beef both in its form here and in the lamb curry to follow were overdone and too chewy, too rubbery.  what was to follow was the lamb curry, the mutter paneer, a raita and a couple of rice puddings for desert.  the sauces were pretty great, the accompanying veggies (though not substantial) were tasty, as they had absorbed the juices and accompanying sauces and spices of the meats.  the rice puddings were fine, tasty, but i dont think itd be my first pick of deserts in general.  all that was accompanied by 2 kingfisher beers a piece.  id like to come back here again, but id focus specifically on the nepalese dishes.~chicken chicken spinach chicken, beef lamb, chicken lamb lamb paneer, 
The food is undoubtedly very, very good and perhaps the best Indian food I've had in Toronto so far. No complaints there. But it is overpriced. The restaurant itself is quite large.   I must comment that I disliked the service. One of the waiters was particularly rude, which comes as no surprise since Indians lack any semblance of tact (being Indian, I'm allowed to say that).   Ordered the Fish Pakora, and Shrimp Masala with Naan. It took about 30-40 minutes for my entree to arrive, and what's worse, is they got my order wrong. After they did so however, one of the servers questioned whether I had indeed ordered that. On the other hand, they did rectify the order immediately, and apologized for the mixup Everything I ordered was delicious. I recommend getting the Shrimp Masala. I would return here.~shrimp shrimp 
Wow, um wow wow wow! I have lived near this restaurant for 6 years and never bothered to go in..why, I have no idea..it's a mystery.  Tonight, my husband and I ventured in, wanting to try something new out and let me just say, words cannot express how utterly delicious tasting the food is here!!  We selected the dinner for two and had plenty to eat, in fact, we overate, ensuring that there were no left overs.  We ended our meal with AMAZING mango juice...I'm so stuffed, I almost feel ill but it was well worth it.    The restaurant is moving elsewhere in the neighbourhood.  Wherever it ends up, I shall follow!!~mango 
I have tried a ton of Indian food but never had the pleasure to Nepalese so I was instantly excited to try out this place.  The decor was nice and understated. Waiters were super attendant and polite!  So off to a good start.  What we ordered: Momos Jhane ko dal Aloo tama bodi Lamb Briyani Raita  When asked how hot - we selected medium. Im not a fan of super hot - I much prefer deep rich flavour. We were assured that medium would be the right selection (mild - too bland, and hot would have too much heat). They were right. The medium was perfect - deep rich flavours and just a hint of warmth which is perfect on a cold day.  The food itself was cooked to perfection. The lamb was cooked enough to be "cooked" but still melt in your mouth soft.   Aloo tami bodi was a potato dish with bamboo and black-eyed peas in a rich yummy sauce. The momos came with a lentil mustard sauce that my companion ate with a spoon (it was that good).  Even with many alcoholic drinks the final tally was quite inexpensive! Which is rare for a unique dining experience downtown.  I give it 4 stars only because I have no base of reference to know if this is the best of the best of Nepalese food - but it was definately fantastic and I will be back again (and again and again).~lamb lamb potato peas 
The buffet is great, hard to go wrong with that.  From the menu, my favourite item is the tandoori lamb skewers.   Very flavourful, a lovely hint of onions and spices.  Staff have been reasonably friendly.~lamb 
This place was good, but not great.   I order the chicken vindaloo, because I wanted something pretty spicy! The waiter warned us the dish was very spicy, but we said that is great -- just what we are looking for. However, the dish wasn't very spicy at all, I was disappointed.......  The palak paneer was strange, shreds of spanish instead of puree.   The chicken hariyali on the other hand was excellent -- best dish out of the night!  Would not return though, better indian places to go to.~chicken paneer chicken 
Wow. The dinner is infinitely better than the lunch buffet. My friend and I split the meat bhojan for two. (Delicious and far better than Roti Cuisine - though rotis shouldn't really be compared with real restaurant style food).  We added a bottle of wine and stuffed ourselves silly. The tandoori chicken hit all the right notes - I could taste the hint of lime from the marinade. Perfection. The bill wasn't bad. The meat bhojan was 38, the wine was probably another $30 - 40, and somehow our total was just over a hundred.~chicken lime 
We went here for dinner after work.   Ambience-Liked the music in the background. It was relaxing and wasn't loud and annoying like some other restaurants I've been to.  Service-The service was attentive and friendly. It does take them some time to bring you the food so it's good to keep that in mind if you're really hungry.  Food. We ordered the following: Naan bread Butter Chicken Chicken Tandoori-nice and hot as it was served on a sizzling hot place. Some parts got charred. Basmatic rice Lamb Gosht recommended by the host-I found a lot of the pieces to be dried. Perhaps the leg of lamb would have been better.  Verdict. I liked the butter chicken and chicken tandoori. I didn't try the naan but my dinner companions raved about it.  I did find it expensive for the three of us as there was nothing to spectacular about this place. I would probably skip this place in the future and go to Little India for lunch buffet instead.~butter chicken chicken lamb lamb butter chicken chicken 
I've been to Mt Everest twice and I left quite happy both times. The service is excellent and the flavours memorable. I went with three other people and ordered the typical butter chicken, lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and a vegetarian dish with spinach, i forget the name. Normally, after eating Indian cuisine, I am usually ready for a nap. After eating here, I still felt quite alive...yet satisfied. There didn't appear to be a layer of oil on the top which I find with some other places. This, I know makes some of the flavour but at Mt Everest, it still tasted fantastic. Medium was the right amount of spice...a bit of a kick but not overwhelming.  Also like most Indian places, it is always good to get a few different items and share. I will definitely be back soon.~butter chicken, lamb garlic spinach, 
I had lived at Bloor and Spadina for many years and never tried the place, but finally got to last week... I absolutely love this place now. Like, seriously best Indian food ever!  The server was AWESOME. My girlfriend had never eaten indian food in her life and she was quite scared of the "spicy". I had made it my mission that the first Indian restaurant she tried would have to be the best if I wanted to make a convert of her- and I was only going to get one chance at it... thankfully the server picked up on that and made some suggestions and was very kind explaining to her the signature dishes there. We got the Butter Chicken and the Chicken Tikki Masala (the server said the chef LOVES to make the Tiki Masala) and shared the rice and naan. While the Butter Chicken was good, the Tikki Masala really did take the cake as just incredible.  Definitely going to go back there and try the buffet and very excited to know I'm in the delivery area.  Highly recommend this place! Didn't get to see the Sitar player on this trip, but would certainly be a great bonus to go on the night's they're playing there!~butter chicken chicken butter chicken cake 
After realizing Nepalese food is kind of like Indian food, but healthier, I was all in. Headed down for a date dinner before a show at the Bloor Theatre. I called ahead, but was told no reservation necessary, but by the end of the night all the good tables were full.  The Sitar player is quite good, but loud. Watch where they seat you, he may just be on break and then when the party gets started up again, boy are you in for a ear-ful.   I wanted to try the Nepalese specialties only. So, we ordered 2 naan and 2 dishes- the daal-like dish and the spinach dish. This was way more food than we could have eaten! But, considering we were headed to the theatre, didn't take any leftovers anyway.  But, price wise, the dinner for 2 is an amazing deal. If I ever go back, which is likely given our monthly Doc Soup at the Bloor, I'll go for that. As others  have said, the vegetarian dinner for 2 includes a beer per person, dessert, naan, rice, and 3 dishes!  One highlight of the night was the Paneer Naan we picked out. It was like ghee-covered Inidan Pizza! Fresh out of the Tandoori oven, I could have finished off 3 of those alone!~date spinach paneer pizza 
With the temperature reaching a seasonal low -25 last week, we decided it wisest to order lunch to the office. I combed the online delivery options available and developed a taste for Indian food. I thought a little spice would warm me up - I was starting to feel like Michael Keaton in the unanimously critically acclaimed film, Jack Frost (imdb rating: 5.0).  Based on the positive reviews here for Mt Everest, and being that I've never had Nepalese food before, I pushed to give it a try. We only ordered some garlic naan, plain rice, and two entrees:  1. Aloo Tama Bodi (potatoes, bamboo shoots, and black beans in mountain spices) 2. Malai Kofta (Cottage Cheese with vegetables in a cashew sauce)  The dishes were both tasty! I really enjoyed the Aloo Tama Bodi's flavour, and the Malai Kofta was also delicious.  Additionally, I was happy with the amount of Naan and rice we received in a single order. There was more than enough to cover both dishes. The ratio of bread or rice needed to cover a dish at Mt Everest is clearly 1:1.  Which brings me to why my review is only 2 star. The portions! First of all, the Malai Kofta only came with about 3 small cubes of cheese. Both dishes came in small, unfilled containers (sadly Instagram deleted our photo evidence) and compared to Indian portions elsewhere (and the price) we were disappointed.   Flavour-wise, I actually would recommend. However, it's likely that in-restaurant portions would be more significant and provide better value, so I wouldn't advise getting takeout.~garlic potatoes, bamboo shoots, black beans cheese cheese. 
I always love the food here.  The lunch buffet is the best, but dinner here is great too, clearly a little pricier though.  Even so, I go back to this place all the time when I am in the neighborhood.  I went again last night with some friends.  Only one friend was disappointed, he ordered the tandoori fish, he said it wasn't very tandoori and the portion was small.  (But it looked the best, arriving on a sizzling plate)  He was lamenting all of this after the meal.  Everyone else was well satisfied though.  One had the lamb and as another friend of mine did years ago, they both loved it.  One tried the first chicken option on the menu and he loved it too.  I had the okra dish, it was so tasty.   The service was fast, polite and efficient.~lamb chicken okra 
We waited for-ever.  Accompanied by a Nepalese friend we were here to try the Nepalese section of a mostly Indian focused menu.    The Choyela chicken appetizer was fantastic; nice to try a different spice flavor than the usual Indian spices we're now accustomed to.  Khasi Ko Maasu goat was the Nepalese non-vegetarian entree I went with.  The menu de-emphasizes meat and lists it second; how dare they.~chicken 
With as imposing a name as Mount Everest, you might think that this Nepalese restaurant would be a place of epic food proportions. But instead of table-sagging selections of meat, rice, and heavy sauce, we left here after dining feeling full but not overwhelmed by the experience. It's a good place to come for creative and well-crafted North Indian food that will not leave a mark or make too heavy of an impression.    The dishes we ordered included a delicious portion of Aloo Tama Bodi ("Potatoes, bamboo shoots, and black-eyed beans cooked with mountain spices.") and a vegetarian tasting menu for two. The naan was excellent, as other reviewers have mentioned. The service was efficient, friendly, and elegant. The wine was an Argentinian Pinot Noir from Patagonia, pleasantly different from the norm. It fit well the food that was familiar but with a slight variation in presentation, spice, and flavor that made things interesting without being too intense.  I kind of liked the balance here. Nothing was overdone. Everything was savory and satisfying. It made for a very pleasant meal. And that's something to celebrate.~potatoes, bamboo shoots, 
This is an incredible restaurant for a delicious date.  The vibrant and subtle sauces, spices and flavors take you on a journey beyond the senses.  Especially if you're a student who eats elsewhere normally, the dinner for two special at about $30 is remarkably filling and memorable.  High rating but it is not an expensive place for power suits or celebrities - although you can feel like one if you dress like it.~date. 
Went to this place with my wife last Friday based on all the positive reviews that I read on Yelp. I have to agree with most Yelpers, this is definitely a gem of a place.  My wife had the Matar Paneer and I had one of the chicken dishes. Both of them were  very delicious and well prepared.  I'm only giving this place a 4 because we had to wait a few extra minutes for the waiter to get our orders. Otherwise I would have given this place a solid 5.~paneer chicken 
I was desperately in need of mexican food one day at lunch or else I was going to rip someone's face off... it was just one of those days and luckily I drove by this place.  Definitely 5 stars for Maria, who I gather owns this place, as she was really nice and inviting. I needed to get my food to go, which wasn't a problem and I ordered a carne asade burrito which came with a side of beans and rice - oh I also got a bag of chips and salsa too! That was a plus, especially since I wasn't expecting it.  When I finally got to sit down and eat my food it totally appeased the burrito beast inside me. There was a lot of food and the rice was delicious too. I think I spent around ten bucks...not too bad. Also, just a note - they only accept cards with a $15 minimum so if you plan to spend less than that, bring cash!~burrito chips salsa burrito 
This is a locally owned mexican restaurant that definitely has some good dishes and salsa.  However in these times I think that you need to excell on each level.  A restaurant can't rely soley on the food.  Located on the northern side of Bell Road in a newer strip mall the outside looks very inviting.  As you walk in the decor is neatly situated and the atmosphere gets you excited for some possible good mexican food.  After your initial look around when walking in a little confusion may settle in. No one will greet you at the door and you wonder if you should wait to be sat or just seat yourself.  With more observation you'll notice a sign far away from the front door saying "Please seat yourself."    So you look for a clean cozy table and seat yourself, which is not a big deal at all.  Next you have to wait for someone to give you a menu to see what they actually serve.  You would think that menus would arrive very shortly, but I found out that on two occasions it took upwards to five minutes for them to arrive.  I am an understanding person , I can see the place is busy,and I love mexican food so I patiently wait with a smile.  I could go and on about how long it took for my experiences here.  What I found out on two lunch visits that the owners are the servers as well.  No problem at all with this if you are good at what you do and are speedy.  However when each server has over a ten table section and can't get you in and out in a timely manner then it's time to hire some help.  Or maybe change your concept of the restaurant while having customers go to a window and order their food.  I'll remind you that the food is really good, but everything takes forever.  My recommendation is to try takeout.~salsa. bell 
Maria was super nice and inviting. 5 stars for service and ambiance. This place was clean. The rest room was clean.   The chips and salsa were excellent, hot and chunky salsa.   Food: I had the two soft taco meal with rice and beans. I mixed the tacos one with Chicken and one with Beef. The beef was carne asada on two small corn shells. Topped with pico. The chicken was chopped into cubes and was "day old" at best. It was not fresh. Topped with pico.  The rice was good but I have had better, the beans were ok but really lacked flavor.   The "lunch" was about 10 bucks and I felt cheated. Maybe I am not a Jalisco style fan?~chips salsa salsa. taco tacos chicken beef. beef corn chicken 
Yes, sometimes the service can be slow. If you are in a hurry, I'm sure that there is a taco shop somewhere close to you. If you are looking for THE BEST Mexican Food restaurant in Phoenix, El Conquistador is it. I cannot recommend this place enough to everyone I know. The old location used to be close to my house, but we still drive 15 miles out of our way to come here every week. The food is consistently outstanding. My favorite is the enchiladas verdes con pollo. Delicious!!!~taco 
The only reason that I can even begin to imagine as to why reviewers say it's nothing special is because a) they were expecting the typical Mexican food. This is Halisco style food - not the same! Think of it as more of a gourmet style Mexican restaurant. And b) they ordered the chicken tacos. Admittedly, they sort of suck. I've been coming here with my family for years! After they moved across town to the new location, we followed.  Ambiance: It's a CUTE restaurant with an old town Mexican theme. Subdued lighting with eccentric and rich coloring.  Service: You are evil spawn if you don't like M&M. They work hard and are the loveliest people ever! They are friendly and remember you if you go there often enough. He looks angry but I swear he's super nice. She's so warm and welcoming and knows my order every time I go in.Thanks.  Food (and none of it is greasy!): + Pork chop/cube with green sauce: INCREDIBLE. OMYGOODNESS. They're soft. They're savory. They're moist. They couldn't be better. They make me want to sing my praises from the rooftops of Phoenix. + Chicken tacos: Skip them. They are kind of disappointing. + Chicken tortilla soup: AMAZING. Seriously. I have yet to find one that's better. It's spicyyy and will clear your sinuses! Mmm. + Refried beans: Fantastic. The best I've had, and believe me, I am well versed in Mexican food. If anyone knows beans, it's me. + Chips and salsa: The chips are freshly deep fried, so they're wonderful and crunchy. The salsa is great. One is chunky and mildly hot, while the other is super smooth and super hot. Both taste amazing.  And the best of all: their always-spotless utensils, plates, and tables make me endlessly happy. So clean :')~chicken tacos. pork chicken tacos: chicken chips salsa: chips salsa 
Had to stop by Big5 for a sleeping bag and saw El Conquistador on the way out of the parking lot. Figured I'd stop in and have a quick bite and be on my way.   When I walked in the door the first room was completely empty and there was a woman standing and staring at me. I turned to look at the sign and turned back around. She still said nothing. I asked if they were open and she said what did the sign say? I said it says open (but why the hell are you just staring at me like you are not). She finally says there is a large party coming in and to sit in the other room. I said sure. Both rooms are fairly small. The decor is pretty whack. Old office looking carpet and old booths. I'm a fan of tile in restaurants. Spilled food and drinks just don't come out of carpet and especially old office looking carpet. The tables are covered with that cheap vinyl red sticky covers that also never look or feel clean. The benches were old and had tears in them. There were 3 gentlemen in another booth and other than that the place was empty.   We were brought menus and drinks fairly quickly but no salsa. Another couple came in and sat down after us and were given chips and salsa immediately. Our waitress came back and asked if were ready to order. Still no chips and salsa. About 15 minutes into our "quick" lunch we were finally given a small bowl of chips and a couple of salsa. The salsa was ok. Nothing special. Same for the chips. We placed our orders and in comes out in about another 10-15 minutes.   I had the El Conquistador burrito. Its a pretty large burro filled with a chile relleno, steak picado, and guac. It was ok. Really nothing good or bad. For 7.50 I expect greatness in a burrito. The wife had a bean and cheese burro w/ enchilada sauce. They were very tight on the sauce and cheese. It was the overall theme of the place. Very tight. For extra chips and salsa it was 1.50 according to the menu.   The waitress came by another 15-20 minutes later and asked how we were. I said we were ready to go now. She didn't take our plates and she didn't bring our bill. Another 5-10 minutes goes by and I finally get up and walk to the man at the front and ask him if could pay him directly. Our waitress, who's now talking on the phone, with our dirty plates still on our tables and check no where to be found even after I asked for it, makes a statement to the man that I am ready to go. No b, I was ready to go 20 minutes ago when I told you I was done. Now I'm ready for an apron cause I've been here long enough to get paid.   From the conversations I heard the man and woman own the place. Good for them. I wont be back and don't recommend anyone else going back. I saw a newspaper article on the wall that AZcentral or New Times recommended it as a top 10 Mexican restaurant in town. Maybe it was good before they moved to this location. Maybe they lost some key staff members. Maybe they know something I don't. I doubt it.~salsa. chips salsa chips salsa. chips salsa. salsa chips. burrito. steak burrito. cheese cheese. chips salsa 
I'm giving El Conquistador 4 stars for the food but 1.5 stars for the service. I wanted to LOVE this place, I really did -- I know that it is a mom and pop place, and it has a fantastic review already on Yelp and in the AZ Republic. I thought I would be a cooler Phoenician if I could make this my new "my place."   Perhaps we hit on an off night (just a random Saturday), but our service was horrible. I was taking my neighbor out for dinner, and her comment was that "we could have died back here and they wouldn't notice." We waited at least 5 minutes before anyone came over to give us menus or take a drink order. We alerted them that it was our first time in the establishment and asked for recommendations, which were given but wtih minimal enthusiasm. We tried giving "the eye" or "the nod" and stopped short only of getting up to refill our own drinks during the meal.   On the plus side, the food was very good and I have been craving it since my initial visit! I had a combination plate that let me taste a yummy chili relleno, taco and enchilada -- all were fantastic. My neighbor got the special (seafood enchiladas) and raved about hers as well.   I will definitely visit again, but if the service isn't any better then maybe I'll turn it into my new special "my takeout place."~taco 
The food is great.  The green chile is my favorite (spicy).  The el conquistador tacos are very good too.  I hear that the Chile Relleno is awesome also.   I normally don't like mexican food rice however this is the best I've had.  The beans are just OK (nobody beat Rito's beans).  The service is spotty depending on who it is.  Mark normally serves and is a little tight with the chips! (Even though u pay after the first bowl).  Maria, on the other hand, is a fantastic server and quick.  The prices are a bit steep for a family style mexican food restaurant.  I've left there sometimes wondering how the bill was so high.  But the food makes up for it and my family goes there at least once a month!~tacos chips! 
So....You say you want authentico?? My family secret shhhh! This place is owned by a lady named Maria. We have dubbed this place just "Maria's" we have been going here for year's!! When the white folk's around me say let's go to Valley Luna I have to school them on what's real food. This food is pure Jalisco and it is what it is! If you want some good home style cookin' in this part of town I would stop in for a bite! You better believe that this place gets busy for dinner so plan accordingly or don't go at peak times for those who don't like crowds. This is a nice little place w a bar and tv's. My sibling's would live here if they could my sister swears by the green chili burro, not for the weak as it brings the heat. I don't eat meat so I get the norm cheese enchiladas, chile relleno, etc all super in my book. I will take pics soon in the meantime here is a recent write up about the place http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/2008/03/20/20080320elconquistador.html  P.S. Closed Monday's~white cheese 
Food was good, but $24 for lunch is a bit steep.  One burrito al a carte and a lunch special plus a beer and a soda..    Service was great.  I'll go back and try something else around dinner time..~burrito 
What a lot of people don't understand about El Conquistador is that it is on par with the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld. You do not go there for ultra-friendly and speedy service, you simply be happy that you are seated at a table about to eat some of the best mexican food in the world...maybe second to Los Dos Molinos, but hey that's all the way down by South Mountain. Mark and Maria are wonderful people churning out some incredible food. My all time favorite is the El Conquistador burrito enchilada style. It's filled with steak picado, chile relleno and beans and smothered in yummy green sauce.~burrito steak 
Based on the review on azcentral.com we decided to check out El Conquistador.  We we entered the restaurant it was busy but booths were open.  Once we sat down we must have waited around 15 minutes until we received a menu and ask for our drink orders.  Once we ordered it took around 35 minutes for us to receive our appetizer.  And dinner followed shortly there after.  Not once during dinner did anyone ask us how our meal was or refill our drinks.  We had to eat our entire meal without a beverage.  We tried several times to get someone's attention but were unsuccessful.  We must have waited another 20 minutes to receive our bill.    Our meal was adequate (chicken fajitas, kids quesa and a gringo combo platter).  The service was  poor and I would not go here if you are in a hurry.   Based on the reviews I expected more.  You would think after the reviews they would hire more help.    I would not go back or recommend this restaurant to friends or family.  Maybe the owners should read others reviews about service.  It might help them out in the long run.~chicken 
I would give this place 2.5 stars but I will round up to 3.  Very conflicted feelings.  I have gone here a few times when they were located on 32nd and Greenway. Every experience was a little different.  The good- -Sometimes the service was good. Maybe it depends on their mood. When it was good it was usually the wife who was our server. She kind of reminded me of one my aunts. Warm, slightly teasing, calling us "bambinos".  - I have always liked the food. I have had the chili relleno and enchiladas entrees. Both were a solid 7 out of 10. The beans are very tasty too.  The bad- - When the service was bad it was usually the husband. Not friendly. Slow. Wouldn't refill our waters and soft drinks. Yet seemed attentive and talkative to other tables. Made us feel like total crap. - Slightly overpriced. - Charged for extra chips and salsa. - My husband didn't like the food. - Probably my worst experience was when I called at lunchtime to place a to go order. She said they couldn't take the order because they had a huge table of people. Just flat out refused. Guess what I wanted? Just a bean burrito! It takes 30 seconds to make.  I didn't miss them when they moved across town.~chips salsa. burrito! 
I was new to Toronto when I visited Local 4 a few months ago.  They were on my radar of places to check out due to a reputation for craft beers and good food that I'd heard through a friend -- and, when they popped up as a Groupon, I jumped.  The menu and beerlist on their website really sealed the deal.  I invited a couple other friends who had never been to come along, one of whom is a picky eater (and, after looking at the site, was excited), the other of whom, like me, is always looking to try new beers.  So we get to Local 4...  and it's a huge let down.  The food was mediocre to bad.    I had the bison spaghetti bolognese, which tasted as though they forgot to salt the water when cooking the noodles.  The sauce was ok, but there was precious little of it.  When I order a pasta dish at a restaurant and it's $14, I expect it to be something more than I can prep, at home, with little effort.  I wouldn't have been ashamed to serve it myself, but I certainly wouldn't have expected any particular compliments after the fact.  Steak & Frites went to one friend, who's experience was similar to others here:  steak was dry, tough, bad.  Other friend had the chicken cordon bleu -- she finished the chicken, which was decent (but again, nothing special), then left the potatoes and vegetables as unpalatable.  I was incredulous, so tried a few...  and she was right.  But the kicker was the beer list or, more appropriately, the lack of one.  They didn't have a single one of the craft beers we specifically came to try -- we ended up ordering some Blanche de Chambley (a personal fave, but not one I was hoping to "try"), then stuck with cocktails.  They didn't have MacAuslan (either apricot or stout), Black Oak, or Stonehammer (dark or light).  Are you kidding me?  You're touting your craft beers, and your selections are mostly imports, Sleemans, and a cider?  And what you do have are the most common, usual suspects: Mill St, Steamwhistle, and the like?    We were bummed.  Add to this that the server had a rather uncaring attitude, was slow, and, when presenting the bill, just dumped it on the table.  Even forgot to factor in the Groupon, and seemed annoyed that I wanted him to adjust it.  (Now I feel like I'm ragging on the guy -- he seemed like a cool guy, just kind of out of his depth.)  In any case, I would hesitate giving a 1* rating to Local 4 if only because there's great potential there:  nice ambience, cool location, a menu that looks good on paper...  but they need to seriously re-evaluate what they're doing and their approach to food, drink, and service.  Judging by recent reviews, they're certainly not watching review sites for what people are saying, and that's too bad.~spaghetti pasta steak & steak chicken chicken, apricot 
I have a confession to make.  In the year leading up to my departure from Toronto, I spent FAR too many hours at this place.  I couldn't get enough of it.  In fact, I turned many of my friends on to it, and they're thankful for it.    Excellent food (the burger and falafel are two standouts), excellent beer (Black Oak Pale Ale), and friendly service.  The owners are laid-back people, and it shows in the kind of place they run.  Stop by on a Monday and enjoy their pint special.  Tell Theo that Nick says hello from California.~burger 
Pallucci is a quaint Italian restaurant located in the Mount Pleasant/Davisville area.  If you weren't a local, you probably wouldn't know it was here.  The decor is simple but modern and the servers are all very friendly.  The main colours of the restaurant are blue and red and the lighting creates a great ambiance, with lit candles lining the rear wall.  Upstairs houses 2 of its private dining areas which accommodate groups of 20-50 guests.     There is plenty of free street parking nearby - just one of the perks of being away from restaurants in the downtown core.  The menu has a good selection of Italian dishes.  I did fell however, that the entrées list was a bit small - especially if you weren't really up for pizza or pasta.  The house wine was courtesy of House Wine Co. featuring both the Red House (a blend of Shiraz and Cabarnet) and the White House (a blend of Riesling and Pinot Grigio).  These are both wines from the Niagara region, and I highly recommend them.  The server was even kind enough to bring over the bottle so we knew what it looked like before we head to the LCBO.  Wine purists may be scoffing at me, but I like hybrids!  The starter bread basket was warm, and probably one of the better breads I've had in Toronto.  For starters, it was warm.  It got a sprinkling of salted herbs and a dousing of balsamic vinegar.  It was hard not to devour the entire thing.  The bread was perfectly crusty as if it were fresh out of the oven.  We opted to share a Spinach Salad ($10) which was tossed with a halved egg, cherry tomatoes, red onion and shaved Parmesan cheese.  I found the leaves to have been awkwardly big, and the salad itself was pretty bland.  The saving grace were the freshly toasted walnuts.  For mains I opted for the meat special, a Peppercorn Striploin served with a generous portion of sweet potato fries (which I substituted in place of regular fries).  I loved that Chef Neil Siomra placed the steak on top of the bed of fries as the jus just trickled down and gave the fries great flavour.  The steak was cooked to my requested medium-rare, but unfortunately a bit lacking in the seasoning department.  The meat itself had no real flavour and relied heavily on the peppercorn sauce to spruce it up.  The sweet potato fries were absolutely divine, not too oily, and thin-cut just the way I like them.  I'd come here just to have these again.  My dining companion opted for the pasta special which was a Snow Crab Ravioli topped with grilled shrimp. The tomato sauce was very fresh.  I would've preferred if the ravioli were cooked just a tad more.  The crab was virtually absent or drowned out by the rich cheese filling as I couldn't discern any of the lumpy meat while eating this dish.  To finish off the evening we opted to share the Raspberry & Chocolate Tartufo ($7).  While it took awhile for the actual dessert to show up, it was well worth the wait.   The thin shell had a great texture to it - it reminded me of an Italian mochi with its slightly elastic exterior that was lightly dusted with cocoa powder.  The interior filling was dense and rich, with a raspberry centre.  Verdict:  The staff at Pallucci make you feel like you're in nana's house.  They're warm, and serve you with a smile.  They were always around if you needed something, and quick to remove your plates when you've finished.  I must also thank Chef Siomra for bringing us 2 separate plates of salad even though we were sharing.  The food here doesn't leave you feeling heavy, and is very fresh.  With that said, the food could benefit from a bit of flavour development.~pizza pasta. white spinach salad ( egg, cherry onion cheese. salad sweet potato 
Came for dinner, $70 coupon clutched in hand. One server--the owner--coping with a growing crowd and doing very well. House wine is cheap and good, appetizers (warm funghi salad) excellent, but my steak frites was way overdone and piled atop what looked like frozen fries. My wife's pasta ($17) was, she said, very good. Our shared dessert--a lime tart--was excellent. So overall, pretty good.~appetizers ( salad) steak fries. pasta ( lime 
What a gem!!  My husband and I LOVE Pallucci.  If you're lucky enough to get Chris (and most are) service is a 5+!  He knows his stuff, is happy to recommend, and sets a great pace for your meal.    Ambiance is cozy and comfortable - never too loud.    Food is excellent!  So much to recommend.  The sweet potato fries with balsamic glaze are a must.  The funghi salad is sooooo good, and my husband swears by the caprese with bocconcini.  Last time we went I had the tuna spacial and it was delicious!!  Everything is fresh and prepared to your liking.  This is a great neighborhood spot......give it a try!~sweet potato 
3.5 stars! I went here with my gf because she had a craving for risotto and I hear this restaurant made some good ones.  We started with the caprese salad and squid salad.  They were both excellent but the squid portion was a bit small. Still tasted fantastic.  Then she had a beef and mushroom risotto which was pretty damn good.  Dessert was also fantastic, the creme brûlée inside was custardy and the top crispy as it should be.  If you want good food they have it but my only issue was the lack of people, especially on a Friday night.~salad salad. beef mushroom 
Small, yet cozy relaxing place.  I thought it was a bit small, so if you have a group of 8 friends gettin together for dinner, i dont think this is the best place for you.  Food was pretty good. A lil' on the pricey side- $32 for Tuna dish-a price in which the server failed to mentioned- or maybe t'was my fault not to ask, or was I even supposed to be asking for the price? err....  My friend had some meat dish for about $34.. Anyways, the service was nice- didnt have to wait 2 hrs for the foods to arrive, so that was good. Although, my tuna came out somewhat too salty, but the dinner rolls made up for it. Their thin-cut fries were amazing- reminded me of the way my grandma used to make fries for us- home fried french fries mmMMmmm   Will I go back? um---maybe. And i will be sure to order the foods w/ the prices are shown.~tuna tuna fries fries french fries 
If you were lucky enough to see their show before Roy was tragically mauled on stage by one of his famous white tigers, you know what an amazing experience it was.  My own experience was enhanced by the fact that we somehow scored seats in the front row, right under the elephant's ass when it appeared out of nowhere in front of us.  Unbelievable.  How'd they do that? You can still hang with the famous felines and even meet the duo with a trip to their Secret Garden at the Mirage Hotel.~white 
I have only ordered delivery from this location. The pizza is great tasting, like any other pizza hut I've been to. My issues have been regarding my orders. More often than not they forget something in my order. Once it was a 2L bottle of pop, and quite a few times it's been my dipping sauce. I currently have a credit on my pizza hut account for free dipping sauce for the next time I order. I order here about twice a month and I can understand forgetting once or twice but it seems like it's every other time now. The food does arrive hot and on time though, which is a plus.~pizza pizza pizza 
Terrible service. I called to have a pizza delivered at 9:40pm, it is now 10:26 and we haven't gotten a call nor did we receive our order from this location. Worst service in the world!!!!!!!~pizza 
A bit expensive, but some of the best pour over coffee I've ever had. They also played the entire Acid Rap mixtape by Chance the Rapper which made my first experience here the best it could possibly be. I'll definitely be back.~coffee 
Wonderfully delicious!  Great pastries, great coffee, great everything!  Clean and contemporary atmosphere and very polite and warm staff.  I will definitely be back!~pastries, coffee, 
This place is fab. Great atmosphere, lattes and pastries! I grabbed an iced vanilla latte which is made with vanilla made in-house and an oatmeal pie! So yummy. The latte was incredible! Lots of space, which is good! Don't have to worry about not having a place to sit! Definitely recommend!~pastries! pie! 
If your very hipster and into the bike on table aesthetic this place is for you. I consider myself an advid coffee drinker. But this place...it was so gross. I didnt understand the menu at all. Under cold brewed coffees it just named a third world country. The staff was incredibly friendly and the sweets are delicious. Just dont go for the coffee. Its a place youd see in a weird indie film in the poetry slam night scene.~coffee coffee. 
Friendly staff but bad tasting coffee and equally bad tasting pastry. Wont come here again for sure...~coffee 
This is a relatively new place next to Einstein bagels and Sushi 101. The inner decor is very relaxing and spacious. Great place to work or have a snack. Their baked goods are awesome with the coffee. My favorites are the tiramisu and nutella tart.~sushi coffee. 
"Picks you up. Calms you down.  Coffee is the lifeblood that fuels the dreams of champions." ― Mike Ditka, Kicking & Screaming  Waltzed into Hazelrock on Opening Weekend and I think I ruined someone's video/picture.  Oops?  I came here because my dearest friend told me to so I did!  I had snooped on their website and blog the week before so I knew I *had* to try the Ferrero cookie on top of some other goods.  Between the two of us, we had a cookie, a lemon bar that was recommended by the friendly barista with the cool hair, a macchiato, and an iced tea.    The first sip of the espresso sent me straight onto Cloud 9.  It was rich, fragrant, and creamy.  It made Addiction stir and I was hooked by that vixen.  Girl, I will never give you up again.  The iced tea helped clean the palate as well as that super tasty and tart lemon bar.  Could this be fresh lemon juice?  If it was concentrate, it fooled me.  As for the Ferrero cookie, it was everything I imagined it would be and more.  It was crispy on the edges and soft and delicious in the middle.  Nutella and a very generous amount of hazelnuts decorated the top.  It got a tad too sweet with the ample amount of hazelnut spread but I imagine it being perfect with a foamy latte.  I wish they drew a tiny leaf in my espresso...  The coffee shop itself is very hipster industrial chic --- wood, steal, a bike, a marquee arrow, a mattress sans the cover and fluff, and glass bottles as lighting. It was very cool.  I like the concrete floors and all the reclaimed wood.  I could imagine a young Joyce sitting here with all her other art student friends, the WP Carey business majors working on their stuffy group assignments on the leather couch and arm chairs, and the regular Tempe resident grabbing a cuppa before work.  It's a large space with lots of chairs, stools, and tables for all.   And if the drinks and pastries aren't enough to lure you in... they also sell snow.  SNOW!  "Way too much coffee. But if it weren't for the coffee, I'd have no identifiable personality whatsoever." ― David Letterman  #Preach  #GiveMeThatBeanWater  *** Featured in The Weekly Yelp, October 14, 2015 - Coffee Talk~coffee lemon tea. tea lemon lemon coffee pastries coffee. coffee, coffee 
For as much as you pay at starbucks for sub-par coffee and over processed crap, skip that place and come here!! This place is pretty amazing. I have tried several different concoctions suggested by the staff. Their cold brews and pour overs are amazing. You must try their hazelnut milk! It is infused with dates! The pastries... OMG. Delicious! The only complaint I have is that they don't have any gluten free options or breakfast/lunch foods yet.  When they do, I will be in coffee heaven. The place is pretty low key and great to study as well! You must try it out!~coffee milk! pastries... coffee 
After reading numerous positive reviews here, I finally decided to give Hazelrock a try. My girlfriend and I arrived in the mid afternoon on a fairly slow day. The space was nice and open - this place would do well for those looking to study. I couldn't help but notice however the modern chicness of it all, which did come across as semi-contrived. But whatever, it still gave good energy.   The menu looked interesting and expansive. There were a few choices on there I haven't seen before, such as a coconut cold brew, or a hazelnut milk latte. After some questions about the various drinks, bean sources, etc, I opted to go for the hazelnut milk latte with white chocolate added. My girl had a Brazilian hot pour coffee coffee with hazlenut milk on the side. Tempted by the tasty looking pastries, we also decided to get a peach pie. It was a pie and coffee kind of day.  We noticed immediately that there was something off about the hazelnut milk. I was expecting something silky and slightly creamy, like good almondmilk can be. What we got tasted like wet chalk. Nasty. I had them remake my girl's coffee, and I stuck with mine. I wasn't content at all, but didn't want the hassle of them remaking two drinks. So hers came back, this time with steamed milk; but still, the coffee just wasn't good. I'm sorry - it wasn't. She and I both agreed that it tasted little better than Folger's. There was no depth, no fruit or chocolate notes, nothing. And this coming from a pour over! I can't imagine what a drip brew would taste like.   My latte, aside from the persistent chalk texture, also had no flavor. The white chocolate was non-existent. The espresso, barely distinguishable at all. It really didn't even taste like there was any in there. I've tried nearly every coffee place's latte in the Tempe and Scottsdale area, so I have a fair idea of what is good and what is not. Again, very disappointing, especially since the menu looked so promising. And the kicker to all this is the peach pie had no flavor, no life, nothing. It tasted like a frozen pie that had been defrosted and was sitting out for hours. This supposedly being a made from scratch pastry! Oh, and the barista forgot to even bring it to us, immediately after we ordered it. We had to remind her.   The people were fairly nice, and the space was inviting, which saves this place from being a one star in my book. But I know we will certainly not be back. That's a shame, because with the location, layout, and interesting drink selections, this place has potential. Right now though, it just seems all for show. A good artifice with no substance.~coconut milk milk white coffee coffee milk pastries, peach pie. pie coffee milk. coffee, milk; coffee white coffee peach pie pie 
The iced mint tea is very refreshing and the normal (NOT FLAVORED) cold brew is also very good. I tried the coconut flavored cold brew the first time I went and it was...weird. The flavors don't meld in a pleasing way. Their normal cold brew has a great flavor, it's not too acidic. I like the location, and it is a great place for studying, with lots of tables and outlets. I had been there a few times before and always had great service (one of the baristas, Emily, always gives good recommendations) but on my last visit, one of the male baristas was very rude and condescending. I probably won't be back, because I am uninterested in feeling judged for what I order. It would have definitely been my daily study spot this summer, had it not been for him.~tea coconut 
You guys...  They make their perfectly-piped pastries and almond macadamia nut milk in-house... That's just how I had to start this review.  But seriously, this place is a winner. The set-up is unlike any other coffee shop. It's open but you find yourself in your own world once you sit down. During our first visit, my boyfriend and I ordered a chai and banana bread. The chai was a 4/5 but the banana bread was so good, we went to order another one. The girl at the counter gave us another banana bread for half off and threw in a coffee cake for FREE... just because!  I've gotten a few lattes and drip coffees since, and they've all been pretty tasty! This is the spot for you if you're in your twenties, looking for a comforting baked good, need your coffee in a rush, or need a place to work/study. We probably come here twice a week now.   Highly recommended :)~pastries almond milk coffee banana banana banana coffee cake coffee 
First visit was just OK.  Felt like I was sitting in a garage building.  The coffee and pastry bar sits in a corner far from the entrance doors.  Owners/management: please put up better menu signs to allow first-timers and those who do not know what's available to choose, instead of feeling pressured to order something fast at the cash register- the menu was on plaques placed right in front of the register.  There were a few pastries on display, but the ones that caught my attention were on one of the guest tables.  Looked like bruschetta, but with nutella and chunky nuts.  Apparently, these were being tested for an upcoming breakfast offering.  I liked the cold brew tasting-- four cold brews of your choosing, for $6.  You then get to choose a 12 oz. pour of cold brew, or opt for any pastry/dessert from the case.  I chose Ethiopian, Apple Jack, Blackberry-Lavender, and Coconut.  Funny how the two I thought I'd enjoy the most (the last two) would be my least favorites!  I'd definitely order the Ethiopian cold brew again, and perhaps the Apple Jack with cream.  The blackberry-lavender was too tart, and I could only detect the berry, which was unfortunate, since I love lavender-scented anything: chocolates/truffles, ice creams/gelatos, shortbreads, soaps, and lotions, etc.  The house-made tiramisu was just OK.  Actually, I didn't eat much of it at the time, since I already had enough milk fat and sugar from the salted creme brûlée coffee here, and I ended up throwing away the leftovers at home that night, since most of the takeaway cup was filled with waxy cream filling.  The female rep here told the new guy that he must stress that everything here is made in-house, from the cold brews steeped with herbs, spices, and fruits the night before, to the hazelnut-chocolate spread and the caramel syrup and melted chocolate used in coffees.    I wished I'd gone with the huge chocolate chip cookie with the house-made hazelnut-chocolate spread, instead of the tiramisu...  I may come back for a second visit, but not before I check out all the other coffee shops I've bookmarked for years.  #770~coffee pastries apple coconut. apple milk coffee caramel coffee 
Had just gotten my hair cut and was headed to get bagels when I saw a sign for this new place in Cornerstone and thought "Might as well check it out, support local." Quite glad I did. Got a blueberry and lime iced tea and blueberry muffin to go. They were both excellent and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. Will definitely go back.~lime tea 
Nice little place close to ASU. Kind of a hipster-y spot, so I can see why it's popular with the college kids. Very spacious dining/lounging area. One complaint is that the furniture is super uncomfortable. It's a lot of hard metal and wood with no cushioning. So I don't think it's a place I'd like to sit and do my paperwork for too long. Definitely not a cozy feeling. But the decor is very modern, and a little industrial looking, with lots of dangling glass light fixtures. I would describe the decor as the city of Denver in coffee shop form haha! I ordered an oatmeal cream pie and a raspberry iced tea. The tea was on par with the quality of Starbucks, so pretty good. The oatmeal cream pie was BOMB. I had eaten most of it before I remembered to take a picture of it lol! I placed my order with a young girl who's calling in life is probably to be a barista. She was very enthusiastic, helpful, and friendly. Positive experience overall.~coffee pie tea. tea pie 
Loved the decor and vibe. Had the Salted Brulee latte and a walnut blondie per first-timers recommendation from the barista. The latte was great, though a little sweet for me- I loved the addition of the sugar to get that brulee 'crunch'. The blondie was good, but all too sweet for me... I'll try a muffin or coffee cake next time. Definitely be back!~coffee cake 
Seriously excellent cold brew coffee. The orange zest & vanilla was citrus-y & sweet. Infusing the cold brew instead of adding a syrup takes more effort, but makes for a superior drink. Can't wait to try the rest of the flavors.~coffee. 
Cool coffee shop, great coffee and the cakes and such are amazing too!  I had a cold brew coffee my first time and it didn't disappoint.  Since then I've tried a ton of drinks and have not been let down.  Lots of space and tables to hang out and an amazingly comfortable couch that simply invites a nap, although not appropriate it seems .~coffee coffee coffee 
I was very disappointed the first time I came here. I bought a SMALL iced soy latte and their famous cookie. The cookie did not live up to the hype. It was very sweet and the taste was all over the place. The latte was made with dairy. I know this, because a few hours later my stomach was killing me. These two things cost $9. Which is the most expensive I've paid for a pastry and small drink. The place itself is really nice with plenty of seating and outlets. So I decide to try it again. This time I got the berry iced coffee. It was $4 for large iced coffee. Again, not worth it. I'm not sure what it is supposed to taste like, but it tasted burnt and very acidic to me. Not good. Because I really wanted to like this place, I went one last time. Again, small iced soy latte. Tasted like watered down milk. It had no smooth coffee or even soy milk taste! Just like water. Overall I'm disappointed and would not recommend. Spend your money on better tasting coffee.~coffee. coffee. milk. coffee milk coffee. 
It's always great to support local businesses...especially those with owners who are ASU alums!!   Hazelrock was a stumble find as I was on my way to einstiens. I believe it just opened up just recently and I hope it lasts! I mean I'm always traveling for work and won't be able to frequent this establishment as much as I'd like, but it's a great spot in general for when I am back. The space is HUGE! I'm not sure if there is a bigger coffee spot in Tempe. The atmosphere is inviting with vintage decor and a friendly staff.   As for the tea and sweets, I tried this blueberry infused black tea. It was naturally sweetened by the blueberry but I'm happy that they don't normally add any additional sugar to it since I don't prefer sweet teas. It was very refreshing!! The snow-style shaved ice was really yummy too! The mango flavor was very tasty. I had it topped with fresh fruit, and it was a great combination. I haven't found many snow places here where the snow itself was flavorful so I'm (again) hoping this place is here to stay.   I intend to come back and try the other sweets because they have a whole display case of them!~coffee tea tea. mango 
Great place to kick up your feet and have an ice cold brewed coffee. Rustic/modern decor with couches so comfy you would fall asleep on if it wasn't for the caffeine.~coffee. 
This place has excellent coffee, good service, and very fresh modern design. I'm a fan! They could use more power outlets though.~coffee, 
Probably the best blueberry muffin I've ever had! Flavor/texture was perfect and it wasn't too sweet like most places make them. The barista was super friendly, patient, and helpful. Coffee was rich and flavorful. Can't wait to go back to try other pastries and some of their other coffee options!~coffee pastries coffee 
Cheryl B told me about a new coffee shop that's pretty close to where I live, I'm always up to checking out new places, so off we went to try out some coffee and sweets.  This place is spacious! Love the light fixtures, they are too cool, the wall deco is great too, I'm sure most would just come for the sweets & coffee, but this place has a nice relaxed vibe to it that you just want to go head and have your coffee there, and just relax for a minute.  After checking out the pastries on display I went with the chocolate vanilla bean cupcake and a salted brulee latte. The cupcake was heavenly, the buttercream frosting was just the right amount of vanilla, and the cupcake was moist and perfect. The winner though was the Salted Brulee Latte, oh that is a great latte, the torched of the sugar on top with the warm rich coffee below, it's a cup of heaven I tell you! Glad to have found a new coffee spot in my hood, I'm sure I will be back plenty of times~coffee coffee coffee, coffee pastries coffee coffee 
BlackBerry lime iced team is amazing and kid approved. The pastries are delicious and so far this is moving up to be one of my new favorite places.~lime pastries 
A little expensive.  The cold brew coffee is an experience.  I had the ginger coffee which had a nice spicy kick, very different from anything I've tried.  Their shaved ice is awesome and melt in your melt, really delicious flavor and perfect if paired with some fresh fruit or the fruit syrup.  Haven't tried the sweets, only brewed coffee and shaved ice.~coffee ginger coffee coffee 
Hazelrock was such a sweet surprise! Went in for the first time this morning and could not have been happier. I ordered the coconut cold brew which was sweet but not overpowering and not too acidic. My friend enjoyed the Sumatra cold brew as well. The barista was super knowledgable and friendly when explaining all of the different flavors and brews they offer. The space is huge and has large clean tables that are perfect for getting work done, and the ones along the wall has access to outlets. Overall, I can see myself coming here a lot to meet friends or post up and get some work done. Def worth a visit!~coconut 
Hooray for new coffee! Well, let me say, new coffee shop, as they use an established local roaster for their beans (Cortez I think). This shop is large, very large, and has a giant case of pastries. I have been twice, the lattes have been delicious both times (or maybe once I got a cortado?) and the pastries have ranged from omg amazing to very good. The first time we came, I got the espresso brownie.... took it home, ate it 1-2 days later.... I thought I had died it was so delicious. Just rich chocolate with walnuts and pecans.... trust me, it was great. The next time, I had the nutella pie, which was good, but heavy on the whipped cream and brought another brownie home. Ate it the next day.... not as good as the first go around, but good. I'll definitely be back.~coffee! coffee pastries. pastries pie, 
Good staff and knowledgeable baristas.   As I sit here, it occurs to me that I've only had the cold/iced drinks. They were good, but I'd imagine I'll enjoy the hot drinks even more, as they're made to SCAA (and soon to be SCEA) specifications.   Their Ferraro cookies are fantastic, and the tiramisu provided a good counterpoint to the coffee.   The music can be a bit intrusive for a subdued conversation, and there could be more comfortable chairs, but this is a place that seems focussed on small-batch, in-house food and drink, and they do these well.~cookies coffee. 
I won't ever go back to this place. I ordered a coffee flight, at 10 am and they were out of one of them. So I only received 3 for the price of four. They offered me a free pastry, which was nice, but since I had already eaten one, that was hard to stomach, wasn't at all what I wanted.  My boyfriend ordered the white chocolate mocha, which was served with spoiled milk. When I let the Batista know, she indicated that I didn't know what sour milk, tastes or smells like, and suggested that it was the real white chocolate that they use. (There isn't such a thing as real white chocolate) and surely it shouldn't taste like spoiled milk.   17 dollars later I left very very dissapointed wanting Dutch Brothers.~coffee white milk. milk, white white milk. 
Really glad to see this place open up, as since I work right in this area, I'm constantly running to the Einstein's next door for coffee. The coffee there is fine, but it's always kind of a weird, tense shitshow in there. I was glad to see that the baristas in Hazelrock were not fronting the  typical coffee-chain overhyped, aggressively sunny demeanor and just spoke like real humans. Thank you.  The interior is spacious, open, and extremely clean and polished. Great care was taken to design the menu boards and they're packed with information about their proprietary beans: tasting notes, production information, growing regions (today it was Brazil, Ethiopia and Cameroon). I personally was thrilled to see this, and excited about the prospect of choosing a bean (I went with the Ethiopian).  After ordering, I waited a few minutes and was given an iced coffee when I had wanted hot. The barista was apologetic and mentioned that she "just assumed" and I admitted that I didn't specify, either. However, I do think that if you don't specify, it should be hot. Isn't that the default? At any rate, I just ended up going with the iced coffee since I was in a hurry (and anyone who knows iced coffee knows that Ethiopian beans are the best for iced anyway.) No big deal. The coffee itself was great, by the way. Bright, vibrant notes, smooth and intense. Yes.   When it comes down to it, all the high-concept, coffee-as-the-new-wine, making-the-gourmet-the-norm is essential, and there is a market for it, and it's necessary to raise the bar and lift us from the depths of the bottom of Einstein's brown-stained coffee urn, but you also have to be able to take orders, and make drinks fast and not have your baristas short circuit and blow up when someone orders "just a decaf, please". I think the real mark of excellence in coffee comes from a certain subtlety: exceptional coffee that doesn't need to be dressed up and called out by a long list of pseudo-Italian terms. Good coffee can be served black, as-is, and stand on its own. And no matter how you market it, if it's a good roast, people will notice.~coffee. coffee coffee- coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee- brown- coffee coffee coffee coffee 
Ina Garten said, "You can be miserable before you have a cookie and you can be miserable after you eat a cookie but you can't be miserable while you are eating a cookie." I'm convinced Ina was thinking of the Ferrero Rocher cookie when she said this because this cookie....it is the real deal. Perfectly chocolatey, crunch and indulgent, this signature treat of Hazelrock's can easily be shared, but you probably won't want to.  The pastry case is a first come first serve situation, so once they are out of something, typically they are out of it for the day. Except for the Ferrero Rocher cookie. I've never not seen it in the case and I think its popularity demands that it's in the case at all times. I've also had the coffee cake which was an excellent, not too crumbly, not overly sweet pairing with our beverages. I really liked the Royal Tea latte that I had recently and it made a nice after dinner beverage.   Hazelrock is a big, beautiful open space with lots of tables and workspaces making it perfect for studying or meeting a larger group of friends.  I prefer the couches to the other seating because the chairs are for narrow college freshman whose metabolism has not succumbed to dining hall food and Boone's Farm.  Hazelrock is worth a look if you're in the area and worth the drive if you're not. Do it for the cookie!~coffee cake tea 
Pretentious and poor customer service. The only saving grace here is the coffee and atmosphere (when not dealing with the people who work here.~coffee 
So I've been back to Hazelrock twice since my first time and I can only bump it up one star.  On my second visit, I came with a friend. I ordered a latte (they don't do flavoured lattes and it's weird that the employee didn't suggest the salted brúlée latte that several people seem to be raving about in the reviews). The latte was OK. I think if you're a coffee person you might appreciate it more. My friend got a hot chocolate with cow's milk and he thought it was watery even thou it was made with whole milk. We also tried some of the sweets: the chocolate banana tart and the ferrero rocher cookie. I don't recommend eating any of these by yourself. Make sure you share it because they are hella sweet. Not a bad thing necessarily if that's what you like. The banana chocolate tart was delicious. It has real pieces of banana in there. No laffy taffy, artificial banana flavour. I enjoyed it. The cookie is a chocolate chip cookie with nutella and hazelnuts on top. Obviously it's delicious. On my third visit, I got an iced tea. I believe it was a berry black tea. I added a couple teaspoons of sugar to it and it was good.   I haven't been wowed by any drink from this place so I give them 1 star for that.  The two sweets that I've tried were both very good so I give them + 2 stars. That brings them to a 3 out of 5. I'm not keen to give another star for service because the employees always seem clueless about what they have. Anytime there is a girl at the register she has to ask the guy who makes the drinks what milk they have or what is in a particular drink. You should know what's in your product. Owner needs to train consistently.    I'd only go back to try the other sweets but I won't go out of my way to visit.~coffee milk milk. banana banana banana banana tea. tea. milk 
New cafe with delicious treats, good coffee and large open space. What more could you want?  Got a latte and a cold brew the times I visited and got the Ferrero Rocher cookie per Yelp's recommendations and thoroughly enjoyed it. The latte definitely gives you that kick of caffeine and the staff is always willing to answer any questions you may have. They do have a cool variety of cold brews where do steep certain ingredients i.e. cinnamon or coconut to infuse flavors and did their best to answer their methods and so on. The Ferrero Rocher cookie is for those with a killer sweet tooth! It's a soft, chewy chocolate chip cookie topped with Nutella and chopped hazelnuts ... what? I know! It's amazing.  The wi-fi is fast, there's tons of seating for groups, pairs or for the lone person. Interior is well lit, good amount of outlets and natural lighting from the windows and artificial ones over head. Never found it to be too loud either. The parking is not an issue and it's located in a plaza with other food spots!  Will be back for their cold brew tasting/flight!~coffee coconut 
I had been wanting to come here since it opened and finally had a chance a few months ago. My husband, my sister-in-law, and I came on a Saturday morning. My sister-in-law ordered an iced tea and I ordered a crème brulee latte and a blueberry muffin. The latte was delicious. I loved that they blowtorched some sugar on top and the added flavor was great. The muffin... oh man. Yum! It was super soft and full of blueberries. I shared with my husband - big mistake. He liked it just as much and it was gone much quicker!   The inside of the building is really fun and a little hipster/industrial. There is a lot of wood paneling, fun tables/chairs, a corner with board games, and seating outside. There is a large display case with treats and a long bar area for ordering and picking up your drinks. The building is huge and it feels open/spacious. If I was a student, I'd love to come here for a drink and to get some work done or just relax.  Overall, it's a great place. If I'm in the area, I'll definitely be back. Unfortunately, it looks like it might be closed? I hope not!~tea 
Went in today and got the salted brûlée latte which was very delicious. My friend got a cold brew with coconut milk I believe and that on the other hand was kind of strange tasting. Did not try their baked items but they looked very good. However I read one of the other comments that stated that they don't do flavored lattes, not sure if that is true but if it is that is very disappointing. All in all, I had a good first experience here but will perhaps update after further visits.~coconut milk 
I like this place. It's a welcome addition to the ASU area because I've been getting tired of the other coffee shop that's close by. It's nice and open with lots of seating, fast wifi, and they have yummy desserts. My only gripe is that they close at 9 pm AND they are closed for winter break. At least stay open until 10pm....this is a college town guys.~coffee 
Hazelrock is a relatively new addition to the Tempe coffee scene. They've parked themselves in a very fortuitous location, too - smart move, guys. Why don't we get right down to business:  PROS: Just about everything. Plenty of space, plenty of seating, plenty of *comfortable* seating, always bright and clean, a growing calendar of events (including, as I found out by accident the other night, magic shows!), a polite staff, a decent menu. Hazelrock quickly became an almost-daily go-to for me. I absolutely love the atmosphere. REALLY great place for hanging out, playing board games, studying - whatever. Good place for groups, good place for individuals. You really can't go wrong with this one.  CONS: Only one minor con, and I blame this on my snobbiness when it comes to coffee. I've noticed a pretty conspicuous inconsistency in product quality. Not sure what to attribute this to, but the fact is, Hazelrock has a lot to compete against in this area. If they can take just that *little* bit of extra pride in how their coffee is prepared, it would up my review from four stars to five.  CONCLUSION: All in all, a great addition to the budding coffee economy. Not the best coffee in the area (yet - they're still young!), but definitely one of the better locations and settings in the area. A very nice craft addition to an otherwise college area. If you haven't been, it's worth a go. You'll likely find yourself visiting often.  Good job, Hazelrock! Keep up the good work.  :)~coffee coffee. coffee coffee coffee 
If their Tiramisu cake is any indication of their other sweets, I'll be back very soon and often.  The cake was light and flavorful yet not too sweet and just the right balance of cocoa on top.   I can't wait to try their other sweets!   Thanks HazelROCK!!~cake cake 
Loved this place!! The atmosphere is very unique and fun. There was lots of art and interesting decor to look at! Customer service was great! Brandy was our barista and she was super nice! The coffee was great (vanilla latte) and so was the almond croissant that I had! I would definitely come back, I want to try everything on the menu now!~coffee almond 
Woah first review?! I guess this place is new. Overall summary: tastes as good as it looks!  Stumbled randomly into this cafe / coffee / bakery on a Saturday afternoon. Originally wanted an iced mocha but the sweets looked soooo good. Couldn't help myself!  Let's get the drink review out of the way first. Cuz I'm more of a dessert person anyway. Iced mocha was great. Light and refreshing. The manager said that the mocha had real shredded chocolate on it- nice touch!  Now. The baked goods! Mmmmmm. Tried the Ferrero cookie, chocolate banana tart, white chocolate macadamia cookie, and mango flavored shaved ice (is that a thing here?). Come with a group- these treats are pretty big but shareable so it was awesome that I could taste multiple things. My favorite is the Ferrero cookie (AMAZING. Great chocolate and nutty flavor. Soft and decadent) but all of them were pretty great.  Space is really big. Lots of tables and seating. Decor is kinda hipster/rustic look. They need to add some art though on the walls to spruce the place up.  The manager and staff were very friendly. Came to our table and asked us how we were doing and if we needed anything. Ultimately led to a conversation about coffee. I'm no coffee connoisseur but dude knew his coffee thing. Glad to see passionate people running local businesses.~coffee / banana white mango coffee. coffee coffee 
No no no no! Where do I start, perhaps slapping myself in the face for not having read the only other review on this place BEFORE crossing the threshold of the Clifton Fish Bar.   To cut a long story short, I ordered a pizza with salami, peppers, mushrooms and anchovies. Simple. 45 mins later I received a pizza with peppers and anchovies. On quizzing the (grumpy) guy behind the counter as to the invisible ingredients i had ordered and paid for, he told me they didn't have any mushrooms or salami left. "Then why didn't you tell me this small, insignificant fact at the time i ordered, or subsequent 45 mins whilst I was in your shop?"...no reply other than a look of get outa my shop. Appalling.   And how was the pizza you ask? Don't know, ask the rubbish bin not far from his shop.  If I could give 0 stars for this place, I would.~pizza mushrooms pizza mushrooms pizza 
This is a very tough place to review, seeing as I have only been there once and that was a good while ago and I found that it was like any other standard chippy. The chips were not great, but didn't taste like cardboard, which is a bonus, and the smoked sausage was fine.  However, Clifton Fish Bar was last year fined for poor hygiene during a standard hygiene test. On hearing this news, I felt a bit sick that I had actually eaten there as the test had found dead mice and mice droppings in the shop. However, it must be noted that subsequent to this, the shop has cleaned its act up and although the owner says that he was not aware of any mouse problem, he has put in measures to make sure that such an issue will not arise in the future. It must be hard for a business to regain its reputation after such an issue, but the best thing that it does do is give you confidence that the place is now clean.~chips sausage 
Biggest wantons I have ever seen!!! Broth is good too. The fried rice is amazing, the sweet and sour chicken sauce is thinner than most places but it's still amazing. The fortunes in the cookie need work thou.~fried rice chicken 
By far one of my favorites for pork fried rice and chicken and broccoli they have great egg rolls too~pork fried rice chicken broccoli egg 
This place has really good Chinese food everytime I go I order the sweet and sour chicken which is really good also the General Tso's chicken which is excellent and their boneless ribs excellent It's not expensive and the portions that they give you are pretty big. Their soups are good for wonton soup excellent. The staff there is very nice and the restaurant is very clean.~chicken chicken 
We can't stop here... This is cougar country!  Seriously, this is such a cougar's den. Not just that, but this place has the biggest infestation of douche bags. You need a gas mask just to cut through the Axe, bronzer, and fumes of hair gel that linger throughout the air. If you want a visual of what this place looks like on the weekend, take a gander at: www.hotchickswithdouchebags.com . Click it. It's a real site and it's what this place and its patrons looks like. If you model your style of dress and behavior after VH1 reality shows, drop in for a swig and some high-fives from your fellow date rapists. If not, just pray in thanks that Scottsdale is where it's at and everything you love is where it is.  There's a live band that plays and I'm not a fan, mainly because it's not my type of music. They play alot of butt rock and the like... basically stuff you'd expect a cruise ship band to have jam sessions to in about 20 years.  The only reason I'm giving this place 1 star as opposed to none (if that were an option) is that the staff is pretty good. They tend to see that everything is going good and do a good job of bringing what you've ordered on time. Lastly, I feel bad for alot of the waitresses. How they put up with a crowd that takes pointers from episodes of Rock of Love and Tool Academy, I will never know.~date 
I guess I was here twice, maybe a 3rd time, but there is some fog in between the memory and me. Barcelona was praised to me as the best thing since sliced bread, Blue Martini and Star Trek together (dont have to tell you they all s...).  As I am admittedly claustrophobic I enjoyed the outdoor space majorly. The drinks were good and strong, but I dont know about the prices. I was there with a Detroit crowd (I guess all of Detroit moves to Phx) and for some reason I didnt have to pay for anything.   Music was ok, nothing special, just the usual crowd pleasers and some people, mostly MILFS and GILFS (think about it) tried to dance. Gosh, please, white people, dont dance. I know, I am white, but there is a reason I date Latinas only! Mmm, what about if I am a woman and go there - how would I rate the guyz? - besides one really normal and nice guy who hit on one of my female friends - I would probably puke on the dance floor.   Overall scene: douches and DDs. Nothing special at all.  Btw: While girls go out to "DANCE" with their girls, we guys do not go out to just "DANCE" with our buddies!~white white, date 
Sutra no longer offers 50% off on Tuesday nights... but Barcelona does.  So, that's where we found ourselves meeting some friends tonight for dinner and drinks.  It was a beautiful evening, so we sat outside on the patio.  We went back and forth on using the heat lamps provided.  Chelsea was our server and she was sweet as can be but perhaps a tad bit on the ditzy side.  The guys seemed to admire looking at her (bustier) every time she leaned over the table, and I was nervous something was going to pop out.  Aside from that entertainment, the food was decent.  It was not amazing.  I had the chopped salad which was pretty good and big enough to share, followed by the sea bass (no surprise there) entree.  Jared had an 8 oz filet and Zack had a ribeye.  We all shared spinach and sweet potato fries as sides, and the guys each had dessert.  I didn't have any (ahem - wedding diet), but they seemed to be orgasming over the chocolate lava cake... the cheese cake and berry dessert also went over well at the table.  With the 50% off Tuesday special, this was $30 per person with tip.  For the amount of food we got, this was a deal, but had we payed full price? Not so much...   If I return, it will be on a Tuesday night for the 1/2 off special.  Other than that, I'm not really interested.~salad spinach sweet potato 
Bills itself as trendy, upscale supper club.  The food was good and the service so-so. The one thing that stands out was the "southwestern" lobster bisque.  No mention of anything other than regular lobster bisque, but was suprised to find corn in my bisque. Call me old fashioned but I don't like chewing my bisque.   My steak from what I remembered was decent. A little pricey for the atmosphere. Can't take the food too seriously when the music is blaring so loudly.~corn steak 
Damn, if this is not the perfect place to meet women. I read some reviews about cougars, well I like milf's. For one, for this fantasy to come true it better happen soon as, I am 36 years old, and the age I prefer to date for long term decreases by the minute. Anyway, this place has people of all ages that is what I liked best. I do wish they had a place of this caliber in the bay area then I wouldnt be single. Then, again, I never met a girl friend at a bar. Anyway, Arizona women are better than Miami. The jury is still out on Texas which most of my guy friends seem to say are the top of the states. Arizona women are amazing.  Okay, back to barcelona if you want to indoor lounge they got it, want to hang out outside got it, want to dance on the dance floor got it. Whatever type of person you are, this is a great place to go if you are the type who can make your own fun.~date 
Every bar I have ever walked into has had an alarmingly poor ratio of men to women (too many men and not enough women). I have often wondered if every bar has too many men, there must be one place where all of the women go. Where is that place? That question was once rhetorical. It turns out, in Scottsdale, Arizona, that place is Barcelona's.   We were seated early in the section that is cleared out to make way for a dance floor as later in the night Zooey Boey takes the stage. We started with a few appetizers, of which my clear favorite was the macadamia nut encrusted shrimp; they were incredibly good (I do not even like macadamia nuts). The portions were more than generous for each person at the table. I had the bone-in-ribeye which came with a Bearnaise sauce on the side that was very good. They serve a molten chocolate desert that was heavenly on a soft bed of ice cream. We all left extremely full and even more satisfied with the meal.   The place is a little pricey, but Barcelona's is easily my new "go-to" restaurant in Scottsdale. Attire is casual through professional.   Barcelona's is located on the Greenway-Hayden Loop east of Scottsdale Road.   I can't wait to get back.~appetizers, shrimp; ice cream. 
edited to add: CLOSED! GOOD!  my folks went to Barcelona for Valentine's Day and it was HORRIBLE.  First of all, they put the valet parking in the middle of the parking lot. WTF? I thought you paid for valet so you didn't have to walk!  The meal was terrible. Paella - shell bits in it. My mom got sick from the seafood, as soon as she got home she had terrible runs and felt horrible the next day.  My father likes pepper on his food. They asked for some pepper, a guy came by and gave a quick twist with the pepper grinder and BAM! he was gone.  Well he wanted more pepper so when they FINALLY flagged down the waitress, they asked for more pepper. She brought them a pepper shaker. :-(  The pepper shaker wasn't working right for my father, he could not get anything out of it, Danny himself came by and asked how things were. My father told him he couldn't get the pepper shaker to work. Danny said, "Great, I'm glad to hear it!" and left. WTF?  oh and when some apparent VIPs came in, my folks were completely ignored.  They dropped nearly $300 there! What a joke. If you want a good meal, AVOID Barcelona.~paella - 
Barcelona was a great restaurant years ago and had the best paella in Scottsdale. Today, Barcelona is supposed to be a club scene, but in actuality, it's fairly empty.   This place lost its focus and reminds me of Maestro's in the OC.~paella 
This place sucked. First of all, as an out of towner- I have never seen so many old fake orange women in my life. I felt like I was in an episode of The Real Housewives of Orange County: Scottsdale Edition. I am just bitter because I came here for a joyous occasion of a wedding VIP party, but I was denied access at the door because I was wearing tennis shoes. Gimme a break, my shoes weren't some  salvation army shoes. They were quite expensive "plaid original chucks" that had character and style. They still denied me in after I complained saying I have never had a problem in LA, SF, NY, VEGAS but clearly Scottsdale I do.    Anyways, after the $10 cover charge, they gave me a ticket for a free fish taco or something. Sick. I don't want to eat fish tacos at 11pm. This place reminded me of Cheesecake Factory after dark. Everyone is old. They don't have a DJ, instead they have a band that does bad covers of bad songs like "Wind it Up" and "Glamorous".   Worst part? I saw old guys wearing phat farm tennis shoes and mandals. How the hell are mandals allowed at a club but trendy kicks aren't?  Avoid this place at all costs unless you want to get picked up by a lonely horny housewife of Scottsdale. The themesong to this place should be Nelly's MANEATER.~taco tacos 
Don't quite think it's bringing sexy back....  What can't I say about this place that hasn't been said before?  Food:  they have a new chef, so apparently they heard others talking badly about the food.  I actually really enjoyed the food and our server was awesome.  Ridiculously expensive?  Yes.  Good to my tum?  Definitely.  We decided to try a little of everything so in our menu was the Seared Ahi, Chopped salad with bacon dates, Tenderloin empanadas, Mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes, and sweet potato fries.  Ahi was seared perfectly.  It had a slightly spicey musky sauce with it.  Very yum unless you don't like raw-ish fish.  Bacon dates are my new favorite.  Mmmm.  Empanadas were good, but you didn't really get much of a meat flavor.  Caprese was wonderfully fresh.  Sweet potato fries....god yes.  Price per dish around $9 to $14.  You're looking at about $25 for an entree.  Drinks were relatively decent in price...but $12 for a glass of wine.  My favorite Reisling is $12 per bottle, for crying out loud.  This place is AWESOME for people watching.  Young things with massive...melons of flesh, meat-head men trying to look cool, 50+ women trying to outdo the young things, and 50+ men ogling everyone creepily.  The singers on stage were quite cheesy.  Great choice in music, but I'd much rather listen to the DJ version than a upscale karaoke.  No dude, you're NOT bringing sexy back with those aviator shades and check shirt.  And whoa...the female singer...honey, you need someone else to do your extentions.  Wierd mix of dress code:  from prom date to stained t-shirts.  Ugh.  $9 for a pack of cigs (I don't smoke, but I heard) and you can order a drink in the bathroom.  Wha?  So you can drink and pee all night long and never have to leave the room?  Funny, funny place.  I'd probably go again mainly for the abundance of people watching.  This place doesn't get more than three mainly for the cheese factor and the prices.  At least sugar daddies abound at this place.~salad bacon mozzarella sweet potato 
Massive Scottsdale scene - fake rich guys and plastic women.  Went here for a business meeting and we both ordered steaks which came out extremely rare and had to be sent back.  The waiter forgot other stuff and the food was mediocre at best considering the prices.  The restaurant is run very strangely ... bouncer type guys with ear piece walkie talkie things come around every 15 minutes to make sure everything is going OK ... but in a harassing way.  This place may be heaven for some, but if gaudy large scale club atmospheres with an annoying crowd ain't your thang... stay away.~steaks 
Oh Barcelona, I visited you with low expectations - and you didn't disappoint.  A lovely young woman of my recent acquaintance invited me here recently for the purpose of attending a birthday party for a friend of hers. Neither of us would have come here otherwise.   If you're thinking about going, don't do it. If you care for the deets, read on. If not, stop reading here and.... go somewhere else. Please.   We show up at about 8 for drinks and dinner. I wasn't in a drinking mood, my date's Appletini was pretty Appley but the amount of liquor was tini. Must be why they call it an Appletini. Hm. Highlight was the bread brought to the table - the pretzel rolls were the highlight of the evening. How sad is that?  Now... the place is called Barcelona. Barcelona is a city in Spain. THe closest thing to a Spanish dish on the menu us Paella, otherwise it's a steakhouse menu with a few obligatory pasta dishes. Totally uninspired.  I ordered the ribeye, medium rare. It came out medium, and the glaze and whatever else they put on it were awful, save the two onion rings. I doubt this was USDA prime beef. It just wasn't that good, and the room was so dark that it was hard to see what I was eating. The shoestring fries side were a pleasant surprise - a giant mound of crispy potato.   My date had some kind of pasta with shrimp dish. The shrimp were overdone, the pasta was, ok. Denny's pasta is OK, too, and let's face it, so is Chef Boyardee... So don't read too much into the complement.   Barcelona. Spain. The place doesn't look that Spanish on the inside. There is a giant mural on the ceiling, dim lights, it reminds me more of Las Vegas cheese than Spain.   While you dine, there are two Scottsdouche (or is it Douchedale?) types crooning back and forth to each other on stage. Is this where failed American Idol contestants try to relive their moment of glory? I don't know. They made a reappearance later, singing along with a DJ to a selection of bad 90's pop music with the occasional 80's party jam.   The crowd is douchey. The food is awful and on the pricey side. The service, spotty.   If you're coming for the thing Barcelona is famous for, you'll find a lot of it. If not, stay away. Far, far away.~date paella, pasta onion rings. beef. fries potato. date pasta shrimp shrimp pasta pasta cheese 
Plain and simple this place sucks! The food was disgusting and the waiter wasn't able to give me any details on what was on the menu. This so called high end restaurant had some stuck up hostess and waitress. I ordered a steak medium rare, I was given a burnt piece of meat. I ordered lobster bisque and was given sloppy with butter in my soup and it was the saltiest thing I've ever eaten. This place can't do food or entertainment. The entertainment was called Envy. What a joke! They can't sign but apparently every overly tanned person in Arizona think they are wonderful. No accounting for taste. If you go to Scottsdale, take a pass on this place...its overpriced. What they spent on pretty building they should have spent on training staff and getting an actual DJ! Or and they should invest in a better chef.~steak butter 
Ok, so the atmosphere is great here in terms of being upscale, but there are some negatives.  1.  Cougars on the prowl - lots of hot, old women who are on the prowl for younger guys....they are full of botox and silicone.  I guess this isn't always a negative, as it does help boost ones ego, but sometimes the way that they are desperate is sort of lame.  2.  BBQ - If you're sitting outside on the patio, prepare to smell like BBQ chicken after you are done.  I don't know who designed this, but it was pretty poor engineering.  You don't build a BBQ in the middle of the lounge, so that your patrons get smoke in their faces.  3.  Fancy Cars - Sure I love Ferrari's just as much as the next guy, but the fact that they put them in the front is sort of lame....like they're trying too hard to make themselves look uber-cool.  4.  Lounge singers - they have had the same lounge singers, singing the same songs for years.  I thought that the girl was hot, but she's more of a Monet (good from afar, but all messed up when looking up close)  All in all, I give them a 3 for entertainment value (humor).  This isn't exactly the best nightclub in the world though.~bbq chicken 
Snotsdale at its finest! This place is a large bar/night club that was built by Danny, of Danny's car wash fame, who made millions keeping cars clean against the dust storms and monsoons of the Valley of the Sun, and needed a good place where he could go dancing with his woman.   It actually is a restaurant, too. The food is Ok. The Paella is huge and not bad. They try real hard to make this place the chi-chi joint for the hip resort/snowbird crowd. It is huge, with several dining areas and bars, a large patio, and a small stage and decent dance floor. They usually have live music on the weekends and intersperse with Disco DJs. On weekends you have cowgirls walking around with their "shooters" holsters and shot glasses thru the 4 bars. A lot of the waitresses (not just here, but in most of Snotsdale's higher end joints) are part time ASU coeds trying to make a buck to buy more short skirts and halter tops at the mall.   Everyone at night is pretty much trying to create an impression beyond their true reality, whether it is the young diggers or the old farts. If you are from Dallas or Calgary, you will probably like this place for its unapologetic panash for conspicouus consumption.    The food and drinks are overpriced; the eye candy plentiful; and reality is far, far away. Bring your Cheesehead friends from Wisconsin in November and they will be impressed.~paella 
I had stopped by The Blue Moon a few years ago during a drive across country.  I had gotten a $20 day pass,  and had a pretty good time by the pool with my friend.    At a time, there had been some porn stars frolicking in the water, they were making hamburgers (the staff, not the porn stars),  and the place had a sort of 80's, West Hollywood-camp charm.  Recently I headed to a trade show in Vegas, and for the first time my hotel room wasn't being paid for by my job, so I decided to try out the Blue Moon.  PROS:    For me, I like that it's off the strip. (Less traffic, not as many obnoxious tourists, etc.)  Also the biggest selling point for me is your proximity to your car.   (you are definitely going to want to rent a car if you stay here, in my opinion)  I absolutely hate the self parking rigamaroo  and subsequent trek through throngs of casino-goers and  miles a dreary, carpeted passageways just to get to your room that is the norm at most of the big hotels.   here you just open your car door and step inside.   it's an old TravelLodge,  so you get the idea of the setup.  Since it is a gay-owned and operated business, there are a few feel-good points awarded for staying here, and supporting the community.   stuff is generally very nice and the owner is attentive, and seems to get what people want.  There is a nice breakfast spread in the morning including  2-hour coffee, which is a bonus.  There is a steam room and  kind of seedy  porn watching area,  if you're into that.  CONS:     Don't go there expecting to meet a porn star.   I'm sure it happens, but this isn't the cast's quarters for Chippendale's, lol.    If you want to have guests at the hotel, you sort of have to go  down and let them in at night.   not a big deal, and it makes sense from a security standpoint, but is not as freewheeling as some other places.  If you are used to staying at the Bellagio,  and need to park next to a Bentley  to get yourself through the day,  skip this place.   as I said, it is campy and fun,  not glamorous or chic.   but at the end of the day, ask yourself... what is Vegas really all about?~coffee, 
Okay - went for the first time - and - well - It took me about 24 hours to really appreciate this place.  It is not right on the strip but holy cow you can drive up a side street - take a left and drive right into the Wynn and park.  For those of you used to lots of luxury - this is not your place to go.  I am a bit spoiled - but I appreciated the slow pace and the men's only atmosphere.   I enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere and the slow pace.    There are only a few things I would ask that they do.  1) have each room set up with a book that details the locations and areas of the different things for the hotel.  2) there needs to be an monthly updated calander in the each room  3) there needs to be a better list of gay clubs and venues as well as the times and locations,.  4)Towels need to be replaced and all the lights in the rooms need to work.  5) The coffee in the rooms needs to be free.  2 bucks for in room coffee is a pain in the butt.  Raise the room rates a smidge to help cover it.   This in an older hotel and I understand that - for those of you who can,..get a suite on the pool side of the hotel.  It cuts down on noise.  You can also peek at your car in the lot.  Staff is great - be prepared for the fact that most of us who can afford to vacation have worked our lives and are not so excellent looking,..LOL!  All in all - I would encourage you to try it - get the parlor suite - pool side view and dont go in with attitude. The convience to get to the strip is awesome if u have your own car.~coffee coffee 
I've been going to the Blue Moon for various events, from early Banana Hammock Sundays to Tuesday night socials and Sunday BBQ's.  I've also stayed here a couple of times before my last stay.  The other reviews are right on the money about the owner and the staff.  John Hessling clearly understands customer service. It is the reason why I booked a stay there a few days while the moving truck where I was relocating from was en route to Vegas.  There is also an unnecessary snarky side to the operation and seems to prevail staff-wide. Asking for extra towels or to let a guest's visitor into the property within a reasonable amount of time (was my brother-in-law, not a trick), is not an extraordinary request.  I can understand why one would feel bothered if the room was comped.  But it wasn't. I think the owner and staff have lost sight of the fact that guests are choosing to stay there rather than the Wynn (where it was cheaper for the time of my stay at Blue Moon).  When inquiring about certain clubs, I was told by the staff at the front desk they weren't allowed to promote some of them and were directed to send me to certain venues. Not illegal, nor a surprise. But pretty crappy way to deny a guest an experience.  Mr. Hessling also has a blog where he pens somewhat bitchy copy under the name PERSON OF INTEREST and runs a hook-up app called Bent, which, though I indulge in both, is probably hurting his attention to the details at the Blue Moon.   Sadly, it is unlikely I will come back here, nor recommend it, until it gets back into the the tip-top shape it once was--and can be again.  As for the neighborhood, this is all subjective. No one has ever been mugged, murdered, accosted (unwillingly, at least) in the area.  Hessling does put a premium on security, and for that, I have to give him credit.~banana 
Okay, let me state the pros up front just to be fair.   David is the owner and he does answer the phone, and gets up to the front desk fairly quickly when you walk in.    Be aware that the day pass is only good until 8pm, then light's out honey, on your way home if you are visiting without having a room there.    They do have a very nice pool with a waterfall shower, and privatized (walled-in jacuzzi).  It is clothing optional, so try to be nice to those who are over-endowed :)  Also, to be fair, the whole place looked clean.    Finally, decor and music are totally gay chic, good for him.   To be fair, I didn't stay in the hotel part, so you'll have to check for yourself on their quality.  Hopefully that matches the price.   Okay now the cons.  First it is really hard to find if you're not local.  Cab drivers haven't heard of it so bring the mapquest with you.   David is kind of a jaded indifferent queen in my opinion.  Okay to be fair, yes it takes one to know one.  But he did something no retail queen should.  I asked him where the towels were and he said oh by the blue tins at the pool - of course when I get over there all the towels in the bin are - you guessed it...WET.   Okay, could happen, he could be busy while supplies don't last, but then he got all huffy about having to get me a clean one.    Also, David, honey really do SOMETHING to upgrade that locker "room".  It looks like it should star in a scene of "OZ" - the one about the prison .  Also, he has that cell phone plastered to his ear.  And not the incoming calls asking questions about the place either.  I really don't like it when retail queens make waiting paying customers seem like we are interrupting their hot gossip session when they are behind the counter.   I know, he and others will say - it's  his place, he can run it the way he wants.  Well, attitude can be everything, and he needs to work on his.  We do keep him in business.  After leaving the interactions with him I only felt slightly welcome to come back, us customers can be SUCH a nuisance when he is trying to have a juicy cell phone conversation.     It's nice that he provides internet, although it's screaming slow to load, and definitely not Comcastic.    Finally, if you plan a massage, they are by appointment, so schedule ahead, their massage guy is really hit and miss.~honey, honey 
5 Stars in comparison to the rest of Uber Het Las Vegas.  It may not be as high-end or glam as Bellagio, but in Las Vegas it's the best place to stay to get away from all those playground breeders.   Friendly helpful staff. How many gay resorts have that, instead of attitudinal bitchy queens?   Attractive tastefully decorated common areas.   Continental breakfast enough to get by on.  Clothing-optional, yes.  Music by the pool is too loud. My friend said it was like bath house music. TIP: put pool towels over the green mushroom-like speakers and it deadens the sound a bit.  Finally, it's so nice to be with your own kind.~mushroom- 
On my on-going quest for reasonably-priced and delicious Indian food in the Chandler area, a friend and I checked this place out tonight.    The decor is sketchy, to say the least.  When we got there (just after 7pm) we were the only people there.  Paper place mats, folded paper menus, not necessarily the cleanest cutlery I've ever seen.  Service was poor.  The waitress didn't know the menu AT ALL, and was not so attentive.  Not the best prices, either.  $4 for veggie pakora appetizers, $10.50 for my channa masala and $11 for his chicken tikka masala, $3.50 for naan to share.  The food was pretty awesome.  The pakoras were delicious, and there was a big plate of them.  The chutneys were really good as well.  The entrees were spicy, but not overwhelming.  Very tasty!!  The rice was perfectly cooked, which makes such a big difference.  The garlic naan was definitely the stand-out dish.  Buttery and very garlicky and had a great texture to it.  I would go back and eat just that any time.    I probably won't come back here, although it was decent.  Still not exactly what I'm looking for.~appetizers, chicken garlic 
Alright here's the skinny: no beef (Indian cuisine!), lots of flavor in authentic and unique recipes, well-kept buffet fare.    Given a table and a chilled bottle of water I got started.. Two rows of food with an additional row containing some yogurt rice, watermelon, sauces/dressings and some meh looking fruit pudding.. Needless to say I kept focused on the main two rows.    As I feasted on several platefuls of delicious goat roganjosh, spicy 'chicken 65' - sometimes with the butter chicken sauce on top, and some excellent chicken tandoori I was pleased to notice several large Indian families come in to eat - aaalways a good sign. Some more highlights include their great egg curry with glazed onions and mango dahl...     The recipes carry an authenticity to them... 4/5 stars - Recommended for anyone in the area looking to get some Indian food for lunch. Would give a fifth star for a more competitive price (little high on weekends at $13+ per adult), a slighttlyyy bigger selection, and dinner buffet availability... (All of which can be found at the Indian Oven in Northeast Mesa.) But overall a good bet for lunch in SW Chandler.~beef ( chicken butter chicken chicken egg mango 
The food is pretty good here, especially the various biryanis they make. They change their items on the buffet each time, they told me.    My kids like the Tandoori chicken. They have melons/fruits for dessert, too, so the kids like that, as well. And the naan--well, the naan--what can you say about naan? mmmmmm. Naan is a type of Indian bread, in case you've not had it. and it's fantastic here. Waaay too much carbs when you eat here!!    I asked about the samosas--I have never been able to find small samosas since living in the middle east where they had Indians and Pakistanis on the streets with carts selling samosas (the small ones). I finally asked, and the guy told me they are a specialty item and hard to get. The big ones are easy to get. I don't care for the big ones.  The downfall to this place--the service isn't the best here. If you order water, they don't keep your glass full, and sometimes it tastes bad and you have to ask for a fresh glass of water. AND, they never know how much the kids are supposed to cost for the buffet. There's no sign for prices,and when you ask, you get a different answer each time!  A few times they didn't charge us for the 1-yr olds' buffet, and the last time we went, we were charged for both kids. I said, I thought he was free (indicating my 1yr old) and the kid serving us got the manager, who was an American female (no Indians to be found manning the floor) and she said there was a charge for each person's meal. Since they are so confused and can't be bothered to give menus or post the prices and ages, we probably won't go back often.~chicken. 
Its Friday night, and it's a 1st date night, so I got to pick the place, and I had already confessed my Yelp obsession, but really is it an obsession when you are continually finding the best of places within your area? Yelp hasn't led me wrong yet...but anyways, I had wanted to try Matka, was starting to see the reviews and thought oh it's time to check this place out! When I suggested it he said yea sounds good.  That right their gave him some points, cuz it's normally my girlfriends that I talk into going with me to try new ethnic cuisines.  So got their around 6:30pm, Date looked cute & fly! We walked inside and saw we were one of the 1st people there, the owner, who was present was very friendly and helpful with everything. The place is very cute on the inside; I think we were early, because we had decided on trying out the dinner buffet to try a little bit of everything, and the owner asked us to give him a few mins to get all the serving spoons out. No problem we stayed at our table and sat and talked,  then owner said its ready! Oh yea baby I was starving and ready to go!  I tried a cauliflower dish, don't know what it was called but god it was good! Spicy, smoky and just delish, had a potato dish too, think its called aloo methi? Man that too was packed with little bit of heat, but not in a bad way, those 2 dishes might even get me to be a vegetarian for maybe a hour or so, um maybe not because I then spotted the butter chicken in that creamy orange sauce and the chili chicken with big slices of jalapenos and though who can live on veggie alone! Both the butter chicken and chili chicken are white meat and so very delish, also had some of the vegetable biryani and nana bread too.  Meal and Date were perfect! It was a good night!  Also side note, my date tried the goat biryani and thought it to be spicy and told the owner, who tried it and said yea it's on the spicy side, will make up a new batch right now, now to me that's excellent service!     I hope to see Matka stays around because I sure do plan on coming back!~date date cauliflower potato butter chicken chicken butter chicken chicken white biryani date date biryani 
Tried this place on 4th of July, decent amount of folks eating there that day.  Had the Palak Chicken which was good flavor, green sauce with spinach.  We also ordered Poori bread, which had big bubbles that were fun to poke at.  Since it was fried, the kids loved the crunchy top.  Hubby had the Lamb Vindaloo which was spicy and really good flavor, red sauce with lots of good spice.  The food is a little spicy, but we like spicy!  One downer is that I had to keep asking for a water refill, instead of them automatically checking in on us.  Also had the sugarcane drink but it tasted bland, like it was poured out of a can or a gallon, not at all fresh.    Recently, I was disappointed to find out this restaurant received a D from the county's health service, big turn off for any future return.  We hadn't planned on it anyway because the bill was too high for 2 entrees, one extra side of bread and a drink.~chicken spinach. lamb 
Went for their lunch buffet this afternoon.  The floor of the restaurant had stuff strewn all over- a turn off when you're there to eat, and fail to see how they couldn't have the waitstaff sweep the place in less than 10 mins.  There was only 1 other family dining, so clearly they weren't swamped.   There were many dishes which included South Indian and North India.  The paneer was just not right, too much tomato sauce and store bought paneer doesn't amount to great tasting butter paneer.  The chicken dishes were average to below average.  The dessert was horrible - runny mango custard, tasteless fried sweet bread.  There was zero ambience.  It was very 'store like'. I wish all the restaurants around could take a cue or two from 'Chutneys' in Tempe.  They have excellent tasting food, great ambience (because they actually employed an interior designer to do up their restaurant) and great prices.  Their flavors are unmatched.   A $12.99 buffet needs to be worth that much, and I'm sorry, but Matka isn't worth it, but Chutneys totally is.~paneer tomato paneer butter paneer. chicken mango 
Saw an empty resturant from outside. Anyway went inside.. It was hotter inside than outside. Papad was cold and old..Sent it back. The food was expensive and BAD !! The is the worst restaurant that I have been in Chandler area.~papad 
I had the lunch buffet a week after it opened, and it was really good.  The owner told me he was going to have a Friday and Saturday dinner buffet and I tried it tonight.  Outstanding!  The food was fresh and the chicken and goat dishes were very good.  But for me, the veggie daals, byranni, lentil soup and the Indian eggplant (don't remember the Indian name) was outstanding!!  The owner told me he changes the buffet each day so the food is fresh.  At  $9.99 for a very large buffet on a Saturday nite, it was more than worth a visit.  I'm going back for that mango daal, the tamarind rice, and the egg plant (whatever it's called).  In one word...OUTSTANDING!  It really was that good!~chicken mango tamarind egg 
What most people don't realize about Indian food is that it changes from region to region. Most Indian restaurants in this country serve only Punjabi (northern food). Matka specializes in Hyderabadi food. The city of Hyderabad is known all over India for having the most flavorful food with influences from both south and north. I have not had authentic Hyderabadi food outside of Hyderabad until now. It's spicy and full of flavor. The signature dish is their Biryani. And the biryani at Matka is to die for. 100% authentic. They also have a a huge variety in their buffet with many delectable options to choose from. And dinner buffet on weekends. Food is fresh. You can taste the difference. Thank God for this restaurant. I have to eat here at least once a week out i start having withdrawals. Best Indian restaurant in the Valley hands down!~biryani. biryani 
You can change your name from Matka to Kamat to anything else but if you have to advertise that you are not "recycling" (which is re-serving one customers food to another that may have been untouched), and that all food is cooked daily, you have to seriously wonder!  Quality of the butter chicken was ok . The tandoori chicken was dry and old and they dont follow the online buffet menu: no kheer, only sooji ka halwa which in no way closely resembles a dessert.   I rate this as : "been there done that"  Naan was burnt but masala dosa was a nice touch. They also some how ran out of yogurt and couldnt make a Lassi. Thats like a wing place running out of wing sauce..~butter chicken chicken lassi. 
We had been there to the lunch buffet on a friday couple of weeks ago and the food was awful. The restaurant itself is very boring with no music or ambience and uninviting. I was hoping that we get some good food there. The papadum tasted horrible probably because of the oil. The Gulab Jamoons were torn apart in the buffet tray and not even a single intact piece was there. The tandoori chicken tray was empty. They did not care to refill the empty food trays. The owner was bit rude when we complained to him of the quality. The buffet itself is about 11.95 + TAX on the week end including friday. I don't mind paying 13 dollars for the food, but not for the food they offer. Chutneys on baseline is a lot better bargain in comparison to this restaurant though the pricing is similar for the buffet.  The only +ve experience was the bottled water they offered at no extra cost and the chicken biriyani. Anyways we decided not to return to this place.~chicken chicken 
I went to Matka for dinner and found that they have a buffet.  Food was below average to average.  First of all, the variety seemed rather limited, which is surprising for a buffet.  I'm not at all a vegetarian, but I usually look forward to Indian buffets for the vegetarian choices.  Not so here.  They do have the usual Aloo Gobi (cauliflower dish), Palak Paneer, and the pakoras.  The quality was ok, but nothing special.  As for the meat dishes, the butter chicken rather bland - shocking for butter chicken, I know.  Disappointing :(.  They also had a lamb curry (ok, but not as flavorful as most Indian lamb dishes should be), Chili chicken (actually pretty good!), Chicken vindaloo (average ) and a few other things that I can't remember since they were relatively nondescript.  The price was acceptable.  The decor was typical.  The service was pleasant enough.  I think they just opened - in a way, this means that you can give them the benefit of the doubt.  I probably won't though, since I already know of other Indian restaurants that are better.~cauliflower paneer, butter chicken butter chicken, lamb lamb chicken ( chicken 
We were shopping around the area when we noticed this restaurant and decided to go in for buffet lunch. The food was typical south Indian with not a lot of good options for Vegetarians.   Me and wife tried out a few dishes - Paneer dish was sweet, the Bagaire Baigan (eggplant) was way too oily. Veggie food only saving grace was sambhar.  I eat meat, so I tried out the chicken biryani which was average, other dishes were average too.  My wife's pregnant so she takes a bit long to finish her food, the restaurant server apparently didn't like that, she was trying to hurry us even though they were open for another half hour and had only 25% tables occupied.~paneer chicken biryani 
Thought of trying this out for lunch buffet today..We eat out quite frequently but have never been to this one.  Cons: a. The chef needs to know that Indian food needs salt . Food tastes like Indian hospital food if theresn't any salt.  I heard another person complain as well when I entered.. So am not alone. b. When this restaurant had a different owner , I thought I saw better ambiance inside.. Right now there is a mirror that is about it.. Just plain walls everywhere.. Booths did look very small and we didn't try it anyways. Interestingly , there was no music either .. c. Sambar is supposed to be a mix of Tamarind water, spices, Dal and vegetables like onion. In here only the first ingredient was present. d. When we entered , the Naan tray was empty. When I tried twice later on, they were empty. When I left , they were empty. The owner or manager was right there. But there wasnt sufficient Naan at all. I left without even having an opportunity to taste Naan. My wife who was fortunate to get one piece said it was good. c. Andhra Chicken was ok and so was the egg curry. Butter chicken tasted very dry and with no spice. d. What is up with the vegetarian choices - egg plant curry and zucchini curry.. Can u not come up with better choices for Sunday buffet? e. The served bottle water which was good but food should be good too which was absent. f. I thought the menu said vegetable biryani. I only saw colored rice. Didnt taste like Biryani. g. Food felt fresh as the website claimed . Only the chef needs to learn to cook better. h. I wouldnt go there for dinner . The owner needs to add some interiors to this restaurant otherwise it would compete only with the C-Fu next door instead of being a restaurant for dinner.  I would revisit to give them a fair chance at dinner this month.. But right now it is 1.5 stars..There are better Indian choices at the moment in the valley.~tamarind onion. chicken egg butter chicken egg zucchini biryani. biryani. 
Definitely good Indian food. Family came by and shared a few dishes. We had the Spring Vegetable Dosa for appetizer that was super yummy. For main course we split the Vegetable Biryani,  Chicken palak,  okra and tomatoes, and goat masala.  Everything was EXCELLENT and super TASTY! If you want good Indian food in Chandler come here!~biryani, chicken okra 
In short, tasty food with a great flavor. The chicken biriyani is by far the best i have had in phoenix. I have been there for dinner (ordered a la carte') and the lunch buffet which had impressive spread. Also, they provide bottled water at no additional cost.~chicken 
This has changed ownership and name and is now Kamat (an anagram of Matka, oddly) and is just getting started. This is the third Indian/Pakistani type restaurant in as many years in this location so I imagine it'll be tough going but they''ll have my business.  I've been to Kamat twice now and the food is just lovely. Lunch is buffet of course but for an evening meal they emphasize thali    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thali    I had a chicken biryani thali that came with rice, daal, naan, kheer and more....this was a takeaway meal,  when I unpacked it and sampled everything, it made me weak in the knees....so good!  I can't wait to go again and try the goat curry.  It's a small operation so be patient with the staff or try the lunch buffet. I could have given 5 stars for the food but it's early days yet.  I hope they can last.~chicken biryani 
This market is small now, but there is an awesome produce/fruit vendor, a local bread vendor, some specialty type items like honey, salsas, nuts, hummus, and a few other cool things. The guy who set this up owns chronic taco and is also helping with the tempe urban garden, he seems to be passionate about bringing back mill avenue and helping people have access to local fresh food. Ohh and did i mention the prices on the produce and fruit were killer, way cheaper than any organic grocery store. Defiantly worth a try.  Make sure to get some of the honey crisp apples. Amazing.~honey, taco honey 
The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market is the bantam weight of farmer's market's in the valley.    "Weighing in at 113 pounds, in this corner of the valley we have MILL mill AVENUE avenue FARMER'S farmer's MARKET market!  Let's get ready to haggle!!"  When we arrived around 9:45 am there were about 8 stalls, one with produce.  Diminutive comes to mind.  "The Mill Ave. Farmer's Market was reported to be rather diminutive, with only a smattering of stalls and little produce to be found."  Petite.  The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market would need a little padding to run with the college girls, know what I'm saying?  Pee Wee.  The Mill Avenue Farmer's Market had a very good game today at the Kiwanis Rec Center and is now celebrating over Gatorade and granola bars in the picnic area.  You get the idea.  We left to get some coffee and returned about a half hour later to find 3-4 more vendors.  There was a honey vendor, hummus, cookies, produce, a couple sandwich places, flowers...and the one place with produce.  I'll give it some time as they are new.  I'm hoping in a month or so they will have a better turnout of vendors.~coffee honey cookies, sandwich 
One star for lack of vendors.  I was really excited to hear that there would be a farmer's market but I'm not sure they should call it that just yet. It should be re-named to one farmer, some hummus and some honey market. Aside from the great smells from the roast beef sammy's there was nothing there that interested me.   Even the produce were lacking, maybe 10 apples a couple oranges. You get the idea. It took me a minute to see all that the market has to offer. Let's not advertise this until you get about 20 vendors or so. It was a huge disappointment.~honey beef oranges. 
The "Little Engine That Could" should offer a lesson to the Tempe Farmer's Market. Because it isn't what is claims to be. Aside from the token produce stand, the token honey stand and the token olive oil stand, this place really doesn't have a leg on which to stand. That's a shame. But, that's a college town.   When I found out this farmer's market has been existing for about four weeks, I was truly disappointed in the turnout, because a dozen vendors do not a farmer's market make. While there is a great potential for this to be a great destination, I question whether or not Tempe--downtown Tempe at that--is an appropriate location for such a market. I'll keep my judgment to myself in the meantime and continue to shop here. At least there are alternative shops abroad.~honey olive 
Yuck. (And I'm not one of the people comparing it to how it was in the 70s either - I am a 21 year old college student that thinks it is yuck.)  Mill Avenue is not the hype people give it. It is disgusting. It's dirty and grimy (and not just because it's old). There are homeless drug addicts everywhere you turn, that will harrass you if you don't give them change, and scare the crap out of me when I have to walk past. I will NOT walk down Mill after dark alone.   Full of wasted college kids here every weekend night of course, and it is a terrible atmosphere if you're not 21-24 looking to get hammered and lucky.  Good luck finding parking, it's all metered, expensive garages, or free 3 blocks away at Farmer and 5th, but that's usually full of students' cars.  EDIT: No more free parking, ANYWHERE! 5th and Farmer is now "Permit Only" until 6 pm. So if you want to get lunch or hit happy hour, you are SOL on parking. Gee, Mill Avenue, guess you really must not be doing well, that you have to take more and more free parking away every few months.  The stores are all corporate garbage, except for Old Town Books, Hippie Gypsy and a couple independent (at least I think) restaurants/bars. How exactly is a giant PF Changs, Urban Outfitters, and Starbucks conducive to "local flavor"? The rent in the area is outrageous, hence why the mom-and-pops can't stay in business.  And if I didn't hate Mill Avenue enough, the fact that they had a cute mom-and-pop ice cream sandwich store (Cookiez) and then allowed "Slickables", a big honking backed-by-tons-of-money store selling the EXACT SAME PRODUCT with Dreyers ice cream to move in across the street. That was just in poor taste, especially since Cookiez is now out of business.  Take your venture to Old Town Scottsdale instead - way more variety!~ice cream sandwich 
Best Feature: Ambiance  I'm gonna have to be brutally honest with you, Mill Avenue is not the coolest place in Tempe.  In the old days, Mill was more of a bohemian paradise, with hippie street performers, people walking in the street and a cookie shop that opened it's doors and wafted the smell of cookies through the air.  Today, the Mill Avenue District (Isn't "District" a bit lofty of a word to describe a two mile strip on one street?) has been more commercialized.  Now, that's not necessarily a bad thing - look at 3rd Street Promenade in Santa Monica, that's commercial and fun.  But Mill is home to several bars, 3 clothing stores and a mixture of expensive and inexpensive restaurants.  If they had truly thought out their expansion, they would have branched out a while ago and made an "arts district" a "shopping district" etc.  As it its now, they have no idea what it's supposed to be, but they slapped the "Mill Avenue District" name on it to give people the feeling they're living in a real city.  Mill's real problem now is that the buildings are too expensive for anyone not representing a giant company to afford.  Even if they somehow afford one, the rent and the lack of people buying things usually drives them in the ground (Swell Clothing RIP).  However, Mill is not without it's merits.  If you ARE looking for a place to get drunk, it's very convenient, especially for ASU students.  Slices is a great no nonsense pizza by the slice joint.  Occasionally, there are events like the Arts Festival, which end up being fun.  Overall, Mill is better than nothing, but it's got a long way to go.~cookies pizza 
Mill Avenue District is the place to be and be seen in Tempe.  The corollary is that it is a good place for people watching . . .  if you like seeing drunk college students.  Yeah, it's Tempe, and it's a college town.  Shopping, dinning, drinking, strolling, and froyo, Mill District has it all in spades.  The new family fav is Canteen.  The fam has also been known to stop in for pizza at Mellow Mushroom and La Bocca.  We've tried the foyo and bought some shoes.  The side walks are wide, the traffic slow, the decorations come out during the holidays, and the parking isn't bad if you know where to look.  Mill has a character and charm all of it own.  And who knows, it might even have a light rail station one day.~pizza mushroom 
Many date nights on Mill Ave while trying to make the most of Phoenix night life scene.  Located in Tempe and close to the University.  It's a snippet of the kind of night life I'm accustomed to.  But if you happen to find yourself in Phoenix and wondering what to do or where to go.  Start here.  There's a variety of restaurants and bars to try.  It's walkable and beats sitting in your hotel room watching t.v.  You'll be in college area territory so things can get interesting.~date 
I love this place.  My husband introduced me to this place.  We come down here a lot to eat, drink, dance, and walk around.  I enjoy Fuzzy's Taco Shop, Slices, Five Guys, Fat Tuesdays, Third Thursdays, Art Festivals, New Year's Eve Block Party, street performers on all the major corners, and night life.    I highly recommend coming out here for New Year's Eve Block Party, if you are 15 and up.  It's amazing.  Tons of people but didn't feel crowded at all.  Security could have been a little better.  Some teens like to light people on fire with fire crackers.  Come on peeps!  There are kids out there in the crowd.  I do not recommend bringing out your young kids to the block party even though they had a kids corner.    If you are a night owl, this is a great place to hang.  During the week, places are open late, but kinda quiet.  Weekends are packed full of music and fun.~taco 
Too bad this Mill Ave. district reviewing isn't separated into different eras.  I preferred the pre-Millenial Ave. days, such as the early 90's right when the expansion started and it was "the place" with fresh shops that were all OPEN, and fewer of those annoying homeless people asking for money or tampons.   This was when the Coffee Plantation was locally owned, had coffee carts on campus at ASU, and the coffee was actually somewhat good.  Mill had so much traffic of people cruising that the police had crude anti-cruising measures set up to reduce the traffic.  Even though I never ate at Long Wong's and a few others that are gone, it is sad to see them not there.  No... SLICES and THE LIBRARY don't cut it for me.~coffee coffee coffee 
Mill Avenue is an interesting place.  It reminds of a downtown area, but smaller.  This place is popular because it is within walking distance to Arizona State University and has a ton of stores.  Many artists/performers like to come here and play their instruments on the streets on certain nights (I believe often on Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays).  There are so many different type of stores throughout these street that meet a variety of needs.   There is a store called "Hippie Gypsy" that has tons of unique items you would think a hippy would use, but it is overall just a fun store.  There is all kinds of ice cream places, restaurants, bars, clubs, convenient stores,  high-end clothing stores, boutiques, and even a piano bar.    For me personally, I get scared sometimes here because they are homeless  people sometimes that asks for money, but they haven't given me a problem.  I still personally would never go alone as women, but that's just my opinion.  If you are a visitor, I would hit this place because it's unique for Arizona. :)  If you want to see all the stores here, here is the link http://www.millavenue.com/directory/shopping~ice cream 
Purchased tuna sub which tasted par for the course being from Subway. However, one of the two cookies with my combo had a hair baked into it. Unfortunately I did not notice until I had eaten half the cookie. Very disgusted and disappointed in this location.~tuna cookies 
I like this Subway location.  It is always clean and the staff has been consistent for quite a long time.  They are quick in preparing the sandwiches and are somewhat patient when customers don't know what they want.  You may know my pet peeve, flies, I don't recall any problems while visiting this Subway.  I highly recommend this location for a health sandwich when you're in the neighborhood.~sandwich 
It's Subway, so you know what to expect. However, some Subways are better than others, and this is one of the better ones. It's always clean and the owner seems to be on the ball. And they always have those chocolate chip cookies ready (not the case for every Subway.)  The only reason for the four stars opposed to five is the constant turnover for employees, which can make ordering slow at times because someone new is often being trained.   Overall, if you're looking for a clean and reliable Subway, this location should be considered.~cookies 
This Menchie's is AMAZING! The fro yo was delicious (and I'm really picky about my fro yo) and the staff were super efficient and friendly. Try the cake batter and fluffy marshmallow flavors, they are magical ^_^ I'm so glad this place opened, I'll be back weekly for sure!!!   Ps: you must get the popping boba as a topping. Trust me.~cake 
The pluses - they serve beer and have sport on screens at the bar; you'll be glad to get home.  The minuses - food is nasty (think very bad school cafeteria); wait staff we had were pretty rude; it doesn't come cheap which is actually a blessing as you are less likely to order; and if you want quick this isn't the place.  Asyou can see not the best of establishments.  I cannot see going back any time soon.~sport 
Reincarnated from "Wok on Yonge", this restaurant has very basic decor, and a huge menu of both Thai and Chinese dishes. My favourite dish is the cold spring rolls appetizer, and I often get the mango salad and Tom Yum (thai lemongrass) soup. I've found the Thai curries vary from tasty to meh, and the Pad Thai is just okay, in my opinion. On the Chinese side, I really liked  the Crispy Ginger Beef - it reminded me of Calgary Ginger Beef, which I sometimes miss! Definitely not the healthiest choice, though.  Service also varies, though it's usually pretty good. More often, I get take-out. Prices seem average given the amount and quality of the food.~thai mango salad thai lemongrass) thai thai ginger beef - ginger beef, 
Phuket Paradise....what can I say about this place?   Well...one thing is that it's definitely far from paradise..hahaha...It's a pretty basic place...looks like it's from the 90's.  For the lack of Thai restaurants in Richmond Hill I have been to this place several times...sometimes to pick up take out and sometimes for lunch.   Some dishes like their cold spring rolls are pretty awesome and the tom yum soup is good. However I'm not really crazy about anything else in that place. Their main dishes like Pad Thai and other noodles and rice dishes are just okay... too much sauce or weird sauce flavour....I ordered stir fry veggies and it was practically raw, the sauce they used was kinda gross, so I didn't even eat the dish.   Bottom line...I don't think I will be back...unless I get an order of take out of their cold spring rolls...They are pretty awesome , like I have mentioned! ;)   The service is fast and good...nothing special.~thai thai 
2.5 Star   If I going to rate Phuket Paradise based on their Chicken Pad Thai, It would deserved a 1 star...   Lunch Special from $6.99 with soup or spring roll. The selections are quite good with both Chinese and Thai fares... Maybe that is NOT a good sign? If a Thai restaurant serving chow mein..??   Both the Coconut Soup and Tom Yum Soup were really tasty, especially the Coconut soup which tasted good without being creamy. The Tom Yum is on the sour side, but my Yoga classmate seemed to enjoy that.   Green Curry Chicken which suppose to be 3 chili spicy lack the spiciness, but I was surprised with all the veggie and the use of white meat in the dish.   Pad Thai... stay away from Pad Thai.... the only thing is good about it is at least Phuket Paradise didn't use ketchup. But the Tamarind sauce they used tasted blend and the dish is kind of lukewarm not hot from the wok!   Deco is nice but the whole restaurant smelled like bleach. But maybe I should feel assured that they scrubbed the floor really clean??!~chicken thai, thai thai coconut coconut chicken white thai... thai.... tamarind 
The possibility of puns shined bright in my head, but I restrained myself.  Paradise, it ain't, but I went to Phuket, and I liked it.  The place is very non-descript. It is clean, welcoming and bright. The menu is primarily Thai, but they also feature a large number of Chinese dishes.  I had a Thai Coconut infused seafood soup. It came quickly, was nice and hot and had a nice balance of flavour. This is at the core of Thai food, that blend of tastes with the lemon grass assertively tweaking the mix.  As an appetizer, we indulged in the cold rice paper rolls. The dip was very tasty, hut the rolls fell flat. They had an unexciting melange of vegetsbles with cellophane noodles, and not the usual shrimps. I regretted not listening to my wifenas she urged me not to order 2 serving of the appetizer.  As mains we ordered a Green Curry with heef and a Seafood and chicken Pad Thai, with a bowl of steamed rice. The Pad Thai was authentic and good, with a good amount of tamarind to arrive at the right taste and colour. The Green Curry was delicious, with an ample serving of delicious and tender slices of beef. This was a 4 star dish.  We drank Jasmine tea with our meal. Overall the food was good, the portions large and the vibe OK. At $52 before HST it was a bit pricey.This maybe due to the fact that we were charged for 2 teas.~thai, thai coconut thai lemon shrimps. chicken thai, thai tamarind beef. jasmine tea 
Amazing value for afternoon lunch that can't be beat. Huge portions that include either a spring roll or a soup. Surprising the coconut chicken soup was really great and definitely made for a good appetizer. If your looking to get the best bang for your buck in thornhill, this place is it.~coconut chicken 
2.5 stars.   It's very obvious that this place is Chinese run, given that they don't realize how funny their name can be, and that they have many Chinese dishes on their menu. Even their receipts have Chinese printings. That should raise some flags in your mind about how authentic this place is. But being the only choice for Thai food in the area, you don't really have a choice. After my first visit, I don't think this place is all bad. Some dishes were a hit and some were a miss.  We ordered a Thai combo for 4 for take out. They said the food will be ready in 10 minutes and they weren't kidding. I arrived about 10 minutes after I placed the call and the food was ready and packaged and sitting on the counter. We took the food home to eat and it pretty much confirmed my suspicions on authenticity. I'll comment on each item.  Red Curry: Best dish of the night and tastes authentic. The dish is loaded with flavor and chicken pieces.  Phad thai chicken: I've had phad thai at many places and there seems to be a wide range of difference. PP's phad thai feels like Chinese stir-fry to me. It seems to be missing some key Thai ingredients. Too light on the fish sauce, not enough eggs, and I think they used onions instead of shallots.   Basil Beef: I don't feel the basil. It kind of tastes like regular Chinese stir-fry beef with veggies with an added spiciness. Compared with the red curry, the there's a lot less meat in this dish. Not bad, but doesn't feel Thai enough.  Tamarind Shrimp: I never want to eat this dish again. This is not tamarind. This tastes like Chinese sweet and sour sauce, and not a very well made one.  Their prices aren't cheap, but not outrageously expensive either. The portion size is generous. I would come again, but I'm definitely going to stick with the curries. I suspect this place uses powders for some dishes. I don't see how they could have prepped my meal so quickly otherwise. I'm most disappointed by the Phad Thai and the Tamarind shrimp. But I wouldn't mind ordering a curry again.~thai thai chicken thai chicken 
My favorites: coconut soup, green curry shrimp, ice tea latte thing they make, and mango salad.  Big portions!~coconut shrimp, tea mango salad. 
I like this place. The food is decent enough, service is not so bad considering it never gets that full (that fact should tell me something) The only reason I come here is because they have a chicken version of szechuan szechuan's crispy ginger beef which I really like. This has to be the only reason I visit.  I've had several other dishes such as pad thai, mango salad, green curry beef and each one has been pretty average. Not great but not bad. Come to think of it, I'd give a 2 for most dishes~chicken ginger beef thai, mango salad, beef 
I have a girlfriend who goes to Jessica and I was going to Cherry Lash Lounge where I wasn't really happy. My girlfriend got me a full set by Jessica for Christmas and even made my appointment for me. I went to see Jessica and after asking some questions she did the necessary removal of my old lashes and put on my new set! All I can say about them is, wow what a difference! They are full, thick and long! I absolutely love them and she is my new regular lash girl!! Thank you, Jessica!!~cherry 
Allgemein Also ich nur das Beste über dieses Restaurant sagen. Die Pizza Ruccola war wohl die Beste die ich bis jetzt gegessen habe, und auch die Größte. Bedienung waren an dem Abend der Chef und ein Angestellter, beide sehr nett und aufmerksam. Ging alles sehr zügig und professionell. Ich kann das Restaurant nur weiterempfehlen und 5***** geben. Danke nochmal für den schönen Abend und Gruß aus Bielefeld Bernd H. P.S.: Herrn Grube kann ich nicht verstehen Bedienung Bedienung sehr aufmerksam. Trotz das das Restaurant gut besucht war haben die zwei Bedienungen es ohne Probleme geschafft Das Essen Pizza Ruccola, mit italienischen Schinken und gehobeltem Parmesankäse. Die Pizza war größer als der Pizzateller, super !!! Das Ambiente Gemütlich Italienisch, absolut OK. Der hintere Bereich war frisch renoviert und modern. Man hat also die Wahl Sauberkeit Alles sauber und ordentlich, auch die Toiletten~pizza pizza pizza 
I dined here with a group of friends for a Valentine's dinner.  We ordered a steak, a prosciutto with melon platter, caprese salad, and a calamari. The calamari tasted phenomenal, as did the prosciutto. The steak was covered in gravy sauce, but the steak itself was not as good in flavor nor texture.  "Dinner for two", which also included a soda, bottle of water, a tiramisu and cappuccino costed 72€, plus my voluntary tip. I probably wouldn't have tipped if I knew what was about to happen. (I always tip generously at restaurants, except when the waitstaff treats us cheaply.) We overall enjoyed our experience at the table as a group until the end when the waiter tried to charge one of the couples in our group for additional items which they did not order. It seems as if somebody else's meal had not been paid and our friends were being pressured to pay it. During the meal, we were pleased and everyone thought it was a good place for special dinners, but after the problem with the check, we all changed our minds.  The waiter had the audacity to tell one of the ladies in our group that paying it would not make you poor.  He's right, but we're also not stupid. What an insult. So from a 4.5 star experience, with the 1 star treatment in the end, they get a very generous 3-star. (Only a sincere apology from the owner to our group would change my rating to 4.)~steak, salad, steak steak 
"Ich habe die Lokalität bisher viermal besucht und war noch nie zufrieden. Die guten Bewertungen im Internet, welche das Restaurant als bestes in Sindelfingen darstellen, sind teilweise Gefälligkeitsbewertungen, wie sich schon am Schreibstil leicht feststellen läßt. Zudem sind 25 Bewertungen von Personen, welche nur eine einzige Bewertung veröffentlich haben. Doch der Reihe nach: 1. Besuch- Weihnachtsfeier unserer Firma- (ca. 25 Personen). Personal und Küche total überfordert. Getränke liefern funktionierte sehr schleppend und bis das letzte Essen kam, waren über 3 Stunden vergangen. Während sich ein Teil der Kollegen unten auf der Kegelbahn vergnügte, saßen andere da und warteten und warteten und warteten. Dabei war angekündigt, daß wir nach dem Essen gemeinsam die Kegelbahn nutzen wollen. 2.Besuch- abends mit 3 Personen- Gaststätte relativ leer, dadurch Bedienung in akzeptabler Zeit, allerdings das Essen nicht übermäßig üppig. Da ich meine Frau und einen Bekannten eingeladen hatte, empfahl ich eben noch einen Nachtisch zu nehmen. Jetzt zeigte sich etwas, was in anderen Bewertungen im Internet schon sehr häufig beschrieben wurde, die familiäre Atmosphäre des Restaurants. Der Kellner setzte sich zu bekannten Gästen an den Tisch. Der Rest des Lokals wurde ab dem Zeitpunkt ignoriert, was sowohl Speisen, als auch Getränke betraf. Nach einer halben Stunde wurde es selbst dem Koch zuviel und er kam in die Gaststube, um den Kellner darauf hinzuweisen, daß seit 30 Minuten unser Tiramisu auf die Abholung wartet. 3.Besuch -2 Paare- Im Sommer mal wieder ein Besuch. Restaurant relativ gut gefüllt und wir saßen auf der Terasse. Das man beim Bringen der Karte gleich die Getränkebestellung aufnehmen kann, war dem Kellner unbekannt, daher auch diesmal wieder lange Wartezeiten auf Essen und Getränke. Das Essen war nicht schlecht, aber so wenig, daß nicht einmal die beiden Frauem satt wurden. Unser Bekannter meinte dann auch zu seiner Angetrauten:"Eigentlich hätte ich gern mal bei Dir gekostet, aber als ich die paar Stücken auf Deinem Teller gesehen habe, habe ich mich das nicht mehr getraut.". Diesmal haben wir es dem Kellner auch mitgeteilt, daß niemand satt ist. Er empfahl uns noch Bruschetta oder Pizzataschen zu nehmen, was wir auch taten (natürlich auf Rechnung). Die anschließenden Ramazotti nach dem Essen waren natürlich brühwarm und der Getränkenachschub wie immer schleppend. Wir waren allerdings gut gelaunt und wollten uns dies auch nicht verderben lassen, so nutzen wir die Zeit um mal mit zu stoppen, wie lange die anderen Gäste so auf ihr Essen warten. Bei 2 jungen Burschen neben uns waren es anderthalb Stunden. Ein weiteres Paar fiel leider aus der Wertung, sie hatten zwar die Speisekarte erhalten, entschlossen sich aber nach ewiger Wartezeit auf die Bedienung zu gehen, daher mußten wir sie leider disqualifizieren. Irgendwann haben wir übrigens angefangen, unsere 8 leeren Gläser von Hefeweizen, Wein und Ramazotti am Tischrand in einer Reihe aufzustellen. Der Kellner verstand diesen "dezenten" Hinweis nicht. Das beim Kassieren das Weizenbier teurer war als ausgepreist, passte ins Bild. 4. Besuch-4 Kumpels- Ich wollte mit 3 Freunden und dem Zug in den Schwarzwald, also entschieden wir uns vor den 4 Stunden Zugfahrt noch eine Pizza zu essen. Es war Freitagmittag und die Gaststätte mittelprächtig gefüllt. Nachdem die Bedienung wieder auf sich warten lies, ging ein Freund zur Theke, um nachzufragen, ob wir in einer Stunde und 15 Minuten 4 Pizza haben könnten. Dies war laut Kellner nicht möglich. PS. Im Eiscafe Firenze am "Berliner Platz", wo wir anschließend hingingen, war dies trotz mittlerweile kürzerer Zeit kein Problem. Fazit: Obwohl es nur 100 Meter zu fuß sind, nie wieder "La romantica"!!!!"~pizza pizza 
Allgemein In einen Wohngebiet im Sindelfinger Westen liegt der bekannte Italiener "La Romantica". Die Ambiente ist südländisch und man kommt sich vor auf der terasse vor, als wäre man in den Ferien am Gardasee. Bedienung Wir waren die ersten Gäste an diesen Abend, aber der Kellner war höflich und kompetent. Es gab keine Empfehlungen aber die Speisen und die Getränke kamen nach kurzer Wartezeit.  Das Essen Da es keine Empfehlungen vom Haus gab, haben wir die sehr umfangreiche Standardkarte eines Italiener vorgenommen. Es wurde geessen: 1x Meeresfrüchtesalat,  1 Spaghetti Carbonara, 1x Saltimbocca Romana, 1x Scaloppine pizzaliola, Dazu Mineralwasser, Pinot Grigio und Chianti. Das Essen war außer dem Meeresfrüchtesalat lecker aber nicht sehr viel. Das Ambiente Die Ambiente ist in dieJahre gekommenund bräuchte eine Renovierung. Sauberkeit Sauberkeit ist I. O. Die Toiletten wurden nicht besucht.~spaghetti 
My waiter was great!  The food was outstanding and they have Bitburger on tap. From the salad to the entree, this place has it together. I was visiting Patch and this place was recommended by a lady at the Marriott. On both nights I went the waiter, one was hot, gave me great service and no issues with my bill. They use the correct amount of arugula in their dishes, which is hard to do. Super! I'll be back when I come to Sindelfingen.~salad arugula 
Allgemein Esse gerne und oft, überall auf der Welt! Das La Romantica begeistert mit der Frische, insbesondere der selber gemachten Nudeln. Die meisten haben "frisch" gekaufte Nudeln aus der Packung. Gemüse war knackig, die Idee des Baybspinatsalates kreativ. Pizza , suchtgefahr wie beim Pizzabrot welches kostenlos gereicht wird. Für die Umgebung(Arbeiterstadt) gutes bis sehr gutes Preis/Leistungverhältnis. Weinauswahl sehr gut und die Preise sehr Human. Unserer Kostet in einem StuttgarterRestaurant 30% mehr. Gehen sicherlich mal wieder hin! Bedienung Wir waren Mittagessen und haben dieses Restaurant nun zum 3 mal aufgesucht. Die Bedienungen waren jedesmal unterschiedliche Personen, jedoch Zackig und freundlich. Das Essen Babyspinat Salat mit Avocado.... Alle 4 Daumen hoch. 2x  Nudeln mit Gemüse(vegetarisch) klasse. Pizza sehr üppig und wurde teilweise mitgenommen.Fleisch well done , wie bestellt und sehr weich im Schnitt und Biss. Nachtisch , Testaktion, ohne Worte lecker! Das Ambiente Teilweise wurde zum letzten mal renoviert und dieser Raum sieht sehr Einladend aus. Der Rest sieht eher alt aus und sollte getauscht werden.Wahrscheinlich desewegn der "Schmudellige" Eindruck der keiner ist. Toiletten sauber! Sauberkeit Keine Beanstandungen!~pizza avocado.... pizza 
Amazing fresh cooked meal, homemade pasta, and a friendly environment where you are treated like an old friend. I spilled my sambuca and he instantly brought another.~pasta, 
Ich war dort zum Mittagessen, da es Angebot über mittag war," Pizza und 0,3 getränk für 5,50" haben wir uns dafür entschieden. Die Pizza hat sehr gut geschmeckt, ich muß ganz ehrlich sagen ich habe noch nie so eine Große Pizza in mein leben gesehen.Ich bin überzeugt das es ein Person das nicht schaft.:-) es ist wirklich nicht übertrieben.~pizza pizza pizza 
Das Restaurant liegt zu Füßen des Wasserturms auf dem Goldberg in Sindelfingen. Wir wurden sehr freundlich begrüßt und an unseren Tisch geführt. Der Gastraum ist zweigeteilt und es gibt eine große Terrasse. Der Gastraum ist wenig einladend, dafür war der Service umso besser. Lediglich die weißen Handschuhe beim Servieren waren dem allg. Niveau nicht angemessen. Eher Pizzeria als Gourmet Italiener. Die Pizzen die wir gesehen haben waren RIESIG!!!  Die Speisen (Tomatensuppe, Antipasti, Pasta) waren sehr schön angerichtet und lecker. Der Vorspeisenteller war mir pers. zu "wurst-lastig" und zu wenig Selbstgemachtes. Die Pasta von der Tageskarte war sehr lecker.~pasta) pasta 
Allgemein An sich ein schönes Lokal. Wir waren die einzigen Gäste. Macht einen leicht schmuddeligen Eindruck.. Sollte dringend Grossputz gemacht werden - damit das ganze wieder einladend wirkt. Ich bewerte selten - möchte damit den Besitzern helfen das Ganze wieder in den Griff zu kriegen.  Bedienung war flink und freundlich.. Allerdings denke ich er ist sich bewusst dass es nicht perfekt ist - wir wurden zB nicht gefragt ob es geschmeckt hat Bedienung Sehr flink und freundlich. Essen wurde zügig serviert - sonst gibt es dazu nicht viel zu sagen Das Essen Pasta gut.. Pizza ist riesig. Geschmacklich allerdings hatte ich schon bessere Pizzen. Vorspeise Tomate mit Mozzarella  für 7,50 konnte ich nicht fertig essen - der Käse war zu weich !! Richtig unangenehm beim Essen.. Wahrscheinlich zu lange gelagert. Das Ambiente Eingedeckte Tische sauber und ordentlich - Boden, Fenster brauchen Reinigung. Alle Tische auf der an sich schönen Terrasse sind nicht sauber - macht einen sehr schlechten ersten Eindruck. Sauberkeit Frühjahrsputz nötig: Fenster - Boden vor der Theke, Fensterbänke und Gartenmöbel~pasta pizza mozzarella 
This place is a godsend for guests at nearby hotels who would otherwise go hungry or live on room-temperature snacks for the duration of their stay. I was just involved in a conference at which many of the attendees might have perished in the Canada wind if it weren't for Subway. I had a veggie sandwich, which was delicious and life-affirming, considering the circumstances.   Thanks, Subway!~sandwich, 
Yes. 4 stars for a Subway. Why? First of all, it's in close proximity to the Toronto Airport hotels. Secondly, and probably the most important, it's 24 hours. This is huge for late night eaters who don't want to wander all over Toronto to get a meal.  The place itself was really no different than any other Subway I've been to. The service was prompt, friendly and accurate. What more can you ask for in fast food? I was very satisfied.   The Indian gentleman that crafted my sandwich added a certain ingredient that made the sandwich wonderful and unforgettable--yes my friends--LOVE.~sandwich sandwich 
I went there yesterday after buying a "Now" deal via Groupon. I got $20 groupon for $10. I went with three kids and found that the groupon is not worth buying UNLESS its just two people going. For example, the groupon is not valid for their "kids eat for 99 cents with each paying adult". Not to mention the food is over priced for the quality as well! Also, the have All-you-can-eat fish Fridays for roughly $10 but we couldn't get this because we had a groupon. The waitresses there are VERY rude. I told her I was waiting for the groupon to load and it would only be a second be cause we were not expecting to come and her response was "so do you want a seat or what?" the place was not that busy for her to be so rude...anyhow, I never complained and eventually after being sitted the waiters kept walking by like we didn't exist until the supervisor (I believed him to be) came over and took our order and he was nice. The environment and the way they treat their customers is rude over all and I've been there 3 times over the last 2 years. The fried pickles were barely battered this time so my kids didn't enjoy them as much.....Oh and don't ask the wrong person for help because they will tell you that they are not in charge of your table and will walk away.~fried pickles 
Visited today with two grandchildren, ages 2 and 7. Fries that came with children's menu mac 'n cheese were overdone, too brown & crunchy. Mac 'n cheese was too hot for the baby to eat at first, but he wolfed it down eventually. My scrambled eggs were overdone and lukewarm. This place does not know how to do scrambled eggs. Waitress asked if I wanted my bacon crispy and I said yes - it came out almost burnt and cold. The toast was so smeared with butter substitute that it was soggy and cold by the time I got to it. Husband's order was wrong - eggs over easy turned into scrambled eggs, and his eggs were overdone too. He enjoyed his sausage and pancakes though, and I thoroughly enjoyed my hashbrowns. They were delicious. Granddaughter liked her kids' menu French toast and ate most of it. My coffee was good, but I had to bring my own flavored creamer - all they have is plain cream and sugar.  Our waitress asked when we first were seated if we'd been there before, and we said yes. She breezed by 15 minutes later and asked the same question again. We said yes again. She seemed very rushed, distracted, and not terribly friendly. The place was busy, so maybe she was overworked, but we ended up feeling rushed too.   Our waitress brought two loyalty cards with our bill, both with one stamp on them - she didn't ask if we already had a loyalty  card. Did she miss the part where we said yes, we'd been there before? When I presented my loyalty card to her and asked her to put the two new stamps on my card, she said (with attitude), "We don't combine cards!" I had to explain that she didn't even ask if I had one, and that I simply wanted her to stamp my card instead of giving us two new ones. She gave me one stamp on top of a spot that was already stamped, and when I pointed it out, she just gave me a new card with one additional stamp. We never did get that second extra stamp, but by that time, we were done with her. We left a minimal tip.  Today's experience is pretty typical in terms of food quality. We go only if we have coupons. Unless I have a really great deal, like a Groupon or a two-for-one, I'll never visit 5 and Diner again. It simply doesn't impress me with its service or its food.~fries cheese brown & cheese bacon butter sausage pancakes french toast coffee 
Garbage! This place was not "Classic 50's style" at all! The burgers were so dry and flavorless, I'm amazed people still would even go here, you might as well go to Carl's Jr, Wendy's, or Jack in the Box instead of this place! Don't waste your time or your money. If you want good classic 50's style restaurant go to Chase's Diner in Chandler waaay better!~burgers 
Woohoo! This particular Five and Diner is as good as it gets for a Five and diner!!!   The owner, Val, is wonderful. Boy, she works hard and cares about her customers and her staff.   Much of her staff has been at this location forever, and Val has owned this restaurant for 13 years. Sometimes she has an awesome magician there.. and I usually hate when those magicians come by our table when I'm trying to enjoy my dinner.   So.. I love the people who work there, and I love the fun, festive atmosphere most of the time (depending on my mood). I love the music - though sometimes it's too loud. Again, this is probably due to whether I'm tired or my daughter is bugging me too much or I happen to have a headache, etc. I'm sure Val would turn down the music if you asked her to do so. She REALLY aims to please.   The food - sometimes very good and sometimes ho-hum, depending on what you order. It's what I would expect for a Five and Diner, which is why I give it four-star rating over all. What can I say?  I'm very picky about my food and my staff and my atmosphere.   The fries are great when you order them extra-crispy (which is how I always order my fries if I happen to get them). The club sandwich is great and HUGE - an excellent value. My husband ALWAYS orders the club sandwich, which he loves.    I order a variety of items whenever we go there, and I've found the breakfast items for dinner usually suit me the best. Tip: get the biscuits and skip the toast or tortilla, or hash browns, etc.. My daughter loves their macaroni and cheese and all their other kid items. I believe kid menu items are 99 cents when an adult purchases an entree on M-F. If not M-F, I know for sure kids are 99 cents on Fridays.~fries fries sandwich sandwich, cheese 
The decor is great. There are little jukeboxes at every table. The service is good. But the menu is a little too Denny's-like for my taste. There is a good selection of burgers and breakfast items, but nothing terribly unique or too reminisent of a 50's style diner. A bit pricey too. Overall I was pretty disappointed.~burgers 
When I visit Phoenix, this is the best place for burgers and fries.  They do some unique soda flavors.  I love their Vanilla-Cherry Coke.  Breakfast is good too, but I am not much of a breakfast person.~burgers fries. cherry coke. 
This place was awesome - Val our waitress was super nice and very helpful.  Place is a cool looking diner with a MASSIVE menu, was all most too hard to decide what to eat.  I had a reuben and the kids both had pancakes (mickey mouse shaped - so cute) - the best though was my husband's a double burger - I can't remember when we had anything so good, yes - I had to eat some of it!!~pancakes ( burger - 
Incredibly polite and efficient service.  Plus, no wait on a Sunday afternoon, which is the exact opposite of, say, IHOP.  We came for breakfast and were bowled away by how great the service was - the waiter had every possible configuration of questions on how we'd like out food, and even offered salsa as soon as the entrees came out.  I wasn't planning on salsa for my Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs but sure, what the hell.  Well, the salsa was delicious with the perfect amount of kick - I ended up dousing my buttery hashbrowns in it and going to town.  Eggs and chicken fried steak were both tasty and the toast was thick cut and good to sop up the extra gravy.  My husband had an omlette which he seemed to enjoy, though the portion looked just a tad small.  Truly a yummy 3-star meal, though the great service just bumped things up even more.  They were just SO nice and so insistent that we come back, I'm wondering if the location (in the Arizona Mills parking lot) is making the business struggle a bit.  I hope not, because I definitely will return.~salsa salsa chicken steak salsa chicken steak 
Salads are very iceberg-heavy.  Not bad, just old-fashioned.  Nothing remarkable.  My daughter commented that the lettuce tasted almost frozen.  Chicken Pot Pie ( "NEW" ) is not much more in quantity than the $3.50 frozen Swanson version you can cook at home.  Nothing remarkable here either.  French fries were hot and crunchy and good.  Best part of the meal.  Worst part:  The AWFUL chicken strips.  You know those mass-market wholesale version strips that are 90% thick, heavy breading and leave you about a 10% chicken portion?  Yep, they use those.  There is a layer of impossibly hard and tasteless breading on the outside, then a little thin moist layer of unfried breading under that, and then in the small remaining center a smidgen of real chicken.  NEGATIVE 500 STARS on the gross chicken strips.  I only went there because I had a BOGO entree' coupon.  Not worth it at all.  P.S.  I have eaten here several times (mostly because of coupons) and they all fell below 3 stars.~salads iceberg- lettuce chicken pie ( french fries 
My wife and I needed a place to grab some lunchtime breakfast food over the weekend, and seeing as how we couldn't find anything better, we stopped by 5 and Diner. I've never been overly impressed with 5 and Diner in the past, and I have to say, they met my mediocre expectations this round as well. My wife ordered the pancake sandwich with two eggs and I ordered a side of biscuits and gravy with raisin toast. None of which was better than what you can make at home, but it wasn't disappointing either.  Overall, the service wasn't too slow considering how busy it was and I didn't have any trouble getting refills. However, here's where the problem comes in. When my wife ordered the pancake sandwich the server asked my wife "do you like bacon or sausage", to which she replied "bacon". Normal question when ordering breakfast right? Well, when the bill came, little did we know that the pancake sandwich didn't actually come with bacon and the server put a dollar charge on the tab for adding bacon. When I confronted her about the dollar charge she said "the pancake sandwich doesn't come with bacon, that's extra". Well, we weren't informed that answering a question as to preference would result in an extra charge. We weren't informed that she was in fact adding things to our tab to inflate the price without telling us. I put up enough of a fuss that she removed the charge, and  I could tell that she knew she had added the charge in a duplicitous manner and she was just hoping we wouldn't catch on. The food was decent, but I have a big problem with dishonest servers and that's what knocks this place down from being a decent breakfast joint to just another bump on the road of mediocre cuisine.~sandwich raisin sandwich bacon sausage" bacon" sandwich bacon bacon. sandwich bacon, 
5 & Diner.  Why do I keep coming here?  No, seriously.  Why?  Okay, it's the sweet and sassy waitress.  She can sell me anything.  Even dessert, when I am not hungry.  The food is mediocre.  I recommend sticking with breakfast items.  On this last visit, we ordered dinner.  The pot pie was okay and included a big dinner salad for about $8.  Not bad.    I somehow ended up spending $40+ for two adults and two kids on my last visit, even though kids were supposed to be 99 cents with the purchase of each adult entree.    Part of the inflated check was that the aforementioned waitress upsold the dessert to us at $3.99 per slice of cake or pie.  Let me review that dessert now.  Carrot cake?  Nearly inedible.  With two people splitting a piece, 1/3 of it got eaten.  It tasted like it had been in a freezer.  DH, who loves carrot cake and could eat a whole sheet by himself could barely swallow a bite.  The 9 year old girl who ordered it said... "this does not even taste like carrots."  I thought it tasted like a dry spice cake that had been frozen for a few months and then defrosted on the counter overnight.    Cherry pie?  YUCK.  I split a piece with DD on her insistence.  I ate two bites.  I have to admit I am no pie connoisseur, but this was NOT good.  It was too-sweet, canned cherries in a tasteless crust.  Every cherry pie I have had before has had tart cherries.  I don't know how they got these that sweet, but it was just disgusting.  If a 4 year old who is usually never allowed sweets cannot finish off dessert, there is a problem.  Still, the atmosphere is cute.  The decor is interesting for the kids.    But if I ever remember that the food is blah, I will avoid this place.  I just don't ever seem to remember it until I am sitting there eating it!~pie salad cake pie. carrot cake? carrot cake cake cherry pie? pie cherry pie 
I have been to other 5 & DIner restaurants and enjoyed my meal, especially the one at the Scottsdale Pavillions. However, I have now had two disappointing meals at the diner at the Arizona MIlls in Tempe. Today's lunch was a terrible affair.  We arrived at about 12:30PM and there was maybe only two or three tables occupied. What we'd hoped would mean quick service was anything but. It took forever to get a waitress to take our order, and then a very long time for our meal.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger (was not asked about how done I wanted it, what kind of cheese or anything -- just boom, bacon cheeseburger, NEXT) and my fiancee ordered the chicken finger appetizer.  My burger was beyond well done, and dry, but greasy from the cheese and sauces. Furthermore the burger was cold -- and not just from the lettuce. I was hungry and waited too long to bother sending it back. I choked it down with the aid of some decent fries.  M'lady's chicken fingers were mistakenly upgraded to a dinner plate, which included fries, corn on the cob, a biscuit, and gravy! So we basically paid double for an order for too much food because the waitress -- or cook -- didn't get the order right.  Overall I'm extremely disappointed by this location. I now understand why there were so few people eating there as well.~bacon cheese bacon chicken burger cheese burger lettuce. fries. chicken fingers fries, corn 
We love the feel and the food of a genuine 50's diner. My wife and I went to this one last night. It was just okay. Not even quite okay but just BLAH. I ordered the sliders. Here's my opinion folks for what it is worth: Whenever I have ordered sliders ANYWHERE in the country the sliders have always come THREE to an order. This one was only two small burgers with a mountain of fries to compensate. The fries were good don't get me wrong. The sliders were okay. There was only meat and cheese on them. The onions and tomato were on the side and they were raw instead of cooked onions. Traditional sliders come with chopped grilled onions on them. Also my wife ordered a chocolate malt. It wasn't malty. It tasted more like a chocolate sunday instead of a malt. Service was just okay. We had to wait an inordinate amount of time to be served and also for our check to get out of there. Biggest complaint: It was WAY HOT in there and we had to ask to have them turn on the A/C. They turned on the ceiling fans without the A/C and we were still uncomfortable but it was somewhat bearable. I would strongly recommend that if you want the look and feel of a genuine 50's diner with food and service to match that you go elsewhere.~burgers fries fries cheese tomato 
Breakfast. Go for Breakfast! -choose one of the innocuous seeming egg and potatoes breakfasts, w/ biscuits and a side order of gravy.  It's $6.75, and you may think it will all fit on one plate. However, you'll quickly note that there's twice as many hash-browns as anywhere else, and the food is incredibly fresh. Everything home-style. There's no way you'll finish it or find a place that tops.  ...service and coffee is great too.~egg coffee 
I've been here a LOT. I live down the road.   To start...the food here is pretty much all good. The only thing I would suggest avoiding is the nachos. They load them up but so much the chips turn soggy real quick. However they have odd things like deep fried pickles which are delicious and their breakfast foods are super delicious.  The staff is wonderful and we are never left for wanting to say the least. Some of them actually recognize us by face which is nice.   The restaurant itself is really nice, some of the seats are a bit beat up but otherwise it's always really clean and they have mini juke boxes at each table and you get 2 songs for a quarter so bring your change! Unless you hate 50s music that is. It's also all 50 decor inside so if you're looking for a nostalgic place, this is the place to go.  As for the shakes, everyone is right in saying they are awesome and they're HUGE. I can almost never finish them.   Over all, I'd highly suggest this place and also you can ask for the discount cards so if you get 7 meals, you get 1 free. It's not very pricey either which is a plus.~chips fried pickles 
This is one of my favorite breakfast and lunch spots in the Valley, and I am surprised by many of the negative reviews it has received. They serve great breakfast burritos and pancakes, and a wide variety of omelets. Their coffee is good enough. For lunch, they offer a wide variety of excellent sandwiches. Here's a useful bit of information for my fellow Chicagoans: 5 & Diner serves Vienna pure beef hot dogs. My personal lunch favorite, my main reason for giving them five stars, is their veggie burger, which I order with green chile, no cheese, and a side of french fries. Be sure to ask for the Cholula hot sauce. This is a great casual dining spot with a classic diner motif and golden oldies playing regularly to accompany your meal. This location, set outside of Tempe's Arizona Mills, is my favorite location.~burritos pancakes, coffee beef hot dogs. burger, cheese, french fries 
My boyfriend and I stopped in to 5 & Diner after he picked me up at the airport and I was starving for some breakfast. They had all your diner favorites and it looked like they served the entire menu, even at 10 AM. I forgot the exact name of my dish, but it was bacon and eggs with biscuits and gravy. MMMM all of my favorite foods on a plate. The bf had the same, but with a chocolate milkshake! I hate boys and their fast metabolisms. The biscuits were nice and fluffy, but the bacon could have been a bit crispier.  It's a nice Denny's/IHOP alternative. Good, quick service, but it was fairly empty at 10 AM on a Wednesday.~bacon milkshake! bacon 
Went here for dinner using a Groupon. We were sat right away and drinks came soon after. Then we waited. And waited. Several employees walked by, each time seeming to look the other way. As if to say,"You're not my table".  Finally a guy came over (may have been the manager) and said,"what can I get you?" That's it. No "Hi" or "are you ready to order?". I was a little turned off at that point. I would've left since I was already annoyed at how long we were ignored for (I've done that before, you can tell when you're about to get crappy service) but the kids were "starving".  Anywho, my patty melt was ok. I've had better. Fries were pretty good.  Service continued to suck. Needless to say I won't be back. My family likes to eat out as a treat once/twice a week. When we find a place that has great food AND great service, we come back. That's where I'll spend my hard earned money. Not at 5 & Diner.~fries 
Came here this morning  because I had a meeting in the area so I stopped in for some breakfast.  I have not been to a 5 & Diner since my single days of stopping in at 1am....back when bars closed at 1am.  Anyway, I order the breakfast special for $4.99 which is basically bacon and eggs and it was great, the hash browns were brown and crispy, eggs cooked perfect, bacon crispy, and the toast was like what I used to eat when i was a kid...the small bread.  Yep, i was pleased and the service was fantastic.  The atmosphere and decor is very casual and its 50's style with the music and all.  I am not a fan of Mill's mall but this place worked out nice this morning.~bacon brown bacon 
My boyfriend and I are super broke right now, so we're taking advantage of our Groupon credits.  We were hungry, and 5 & Diner was one of the Groupon Now! options.  I was originally thinking fries and a patty melt when we decided on going there, but when we looked at the menu the breakfast food looked extra delicious, so I went for the waffle with strawberries, and my boyfriend got the country fried steak and eggs and a vanilla coke.  As I'm writing this, he asked me to specifically mention that the vanilla coke was super yummy, so I'm doing that now before I forget.  (I had a sip, and I can verify that he speaks the truth.)  My waffle hit the spot, it was a nice texture and the yummy sweet strawberry topping was just what I wanted.  My boyfriend cleared his plate, as well.  Our server was super attentive and friendly, and even gave my boyfriend his last refill to go so we could take it on the road with us.  All in all, a very positive experience, especially considering this type of diner usually has mediocre food.  We'll definitely be returning soon.  As a side note, I had been here once before a long, long time ago, and had the patty melt and that was awesome as well.    As a side side note, I don't know what the person who said the dining room smells like a bathroom is talking about.~fries steak coke. coke 
First time here. Decided to eat with friends after watching Harry Potter.  Cana Latin Kitchen bar dishes are served just like Firefly restaurant, in small servings so one dish will not fill you up. It's set that way so you can have the opportunity to taste other things on the menu without getting full.  Stepping inside, the atmosphere was dark and intimate, a good place to take out a date to talk and drink wine together. The LCD tv at the center of the bar kind of ruins that mood a bit though. Monday night football was on and no one was really paying attention to it because everyone was involved in their own intimate private conversation and having one tv in this type of setup just doesn't blend in well.  Despite having only one server that night, she was very attentive to everyone inside. I'll give the service a good review. I ordered the mixto ceviche (shrimp, scallop and calimari). The tortilla came separate with it which were served in potato chips size pieces.  Taste was ok but thats because I prefer my ceviche with a heavy lime taste.  I also ordered the fish taco which came in 3 small pieces.  I tasted my friends tuna ceviche too which I recommend to anyone that comes here. It was the best dish we had on our table.  So if you're ever around town square at night and on a movie date, stop by this place after. Great way to end a night if you don't feel like partying in the neighboring bars and just in a mood to have a quiet place to eat and have a conversation.~date shrimp, potato chips lime taco tuna date, 
I went for happy hour (5-7pm) on a Sunday Night. The sugarcane sangria is delicious($5 on happy hour). The original Mojito on the other hand was not! I had the habanero pepper jack and cheese, it was VERY SMALL and tasted not too much different than Kraft Mac&Cheese. I heard a lot about "TRUFFLE CHIPS" but all I could taste was the truffle oil. The ceviche was okay but overpriced. Overall, the restaurant is beautiful and the patio is great as it looks over townsquare park. I would possibly go back for sangria but nothing else... Definitely not a place to enjoy a nice meal or even some appetizers with a drink.~habanero cheese, chips" appetizers 
A nice location sandwiched between Bar Louie and Blue Martini at Town Square. I have to say that this should be "the" spot of the summer (for drinks). It has a central location, Miami-ish décor, balcony that overlooks the Town Square park, and two additional balconies on both sides that are all perfect for people watching. Additionally, throw in the mojitos and tapas and we have the perfect summer spot.  However, there are a couple things they need to work on.  The servers were amazing. The bartenders were a little slow and unresponsive but seeing the work it takes to make a mojito, I understand.   What was strange was the managers that stood around and did nothing. No hi, no bye, nothing, just stood there taking up space. At first, I figured that maybe they were customers but later found out they were managers who just got in the way of the servers and the customers. It'd be better if they would of had personalities. Hopefully, that'll change as business increases.  The sangria was amazing ... and I don't even like sweet drinks. But the food was very subpar. It's nothing special and was very mediocre compared to a place like Firefly. As a matter of fact we ordered about ten different items on the menu and maybe the only thing that stood out was the mushroom ceviche and the dates with bacon (even though Firefly's is better but how do you mess up something with bacon wrapped around it anyway). Everything else was ... eh and will not have me running back there to eat. With places that have waaaaayyyy better food within walking distance (Johhny McGuire's, Yardhouse, Bar Louie, and even Cadillac Ranch) I'd rather eat somewhere else and afterwards go grab a couple drinks at night here.~mushroom bacon ( bacon 
I love Cana's mojitos which are muddled with fresh fruit and real sugar cane. I've also tried the caparinha which is also really good. Every time my friends and I come here, we either get the empanadas, beef tenderloin, slider dogs, classico ceviche, tuna ceviche, or the fish tacos.  Happy Hour prices are amazing. You can eat pretty well for fairly cheap. The service has ALWAYS been excellent here.~beef tuna tacos. 
My review is a little late coming but I really enjoyed Happy Hour when I was in Las Vegas for the final days of my campaign.  My work colleague and i decided to try Cana because of the 1/2 off mojitos.  I probably could have drank like 10 of them.  I tried the strawberry, original, cucumber mojitos.  DELICIOUS!  I had two strawberry. The small plates were also delectable.  Each had their own personality.  And we even ordered the churros for desert.   The waitress was awesome and one of the chefs even dropped by.  If I ever go back to vegas, I will definitely hit it up again.~cucumber 
I'm surprised this place is getting such great ratings. They market themselves as a ceviche place, and the ceviche is terrible.   This was my experience. I called in the afternoon to make a dinner reservation, and I was told I don't need one. Should've been a red flag. After much persistance, I convinced the host to just reserve me a table anyway. When I arrived, my party wasn't there yet, so I took my table because the bar was full. I wasn't offered a beverage for quite some time.   When my friends arrived, they received warm water with no ice in a sticky glass. My sangria took a very long time to make. We ordered 3 dishes after waiting quite some time for our waitress. After about 20 minutes, the waitress told us that the chef had just informed her they were out of salmon... We were starving! Did she wait 20 minutes to put in the order? People around us were getting food.   The first dish to arrive was mini chorizo corn dogs. Flavor was terrible, no spice at all. The texture was even worse. Next we received the item that we substituted for the salmon, which was a crab ceviche. Completely over salted, and was more like tuna than crab.   Finally our 3rd dish arrived, the hirame ceviche. When the waitress described it to us, she mentioned it was the special of the night which came with a salad. There was no salad. No greens. Nothing. This one was at least slightly tasty compared to the others, but it wasn't amazing. I contemplated dessert, but couldn't justify giving this establishment another cent.   I was very glad that some of the people I was planning to dine with couldn't make it. I would hate for them to suffer through this meal. It was awful. Service - poor, food - poor, drinks - poor.   I will say, however, that the place is decorated nicely. Wouldn't be bad to stop in for a beer before or after a movie. I just wouldn't eat. Not sure this place will stay open long, it was pretty empty when we went, and, in the words of the hostess, reservations aren't really needed.~salmon... corn salmon, tuna salad. salad. greens. 
A friend and I went to dinner here, and while the experience was brief, and the conversation was enjoyable and longer than the meal, I had a good time.  I didn't try much of their menu, save for their beef empenadas.  I found them to be tasty and well cooked.  Since I stuck with that, the pricing was respectable.  I had also tried their "Fire Water" drink based off the name alone, and I found it to be enjoyable as well.  A bit of a small glass, but the flavor was good.  I don't want to rate it any higher on the grounds that I only had one menu and drink selection, and they were more of a quick snack than a full meal, but my friend and I enjoyed our individual meal selections, and the overall vibe and view were pleasant.  Perhaps in returning at a later time, I'd be able to make a more concrete decision on where I want to place my enjoyment factor, but the first impression was pleasant enough to want to check it out again.~beef 
It was my first time trying ceviche so, it could be like Beatles, Sgt Peppers being your first album.  But if you do not love this place you are missing a key part of your "foodie" DNA. This restaurant is the answer to every time you've said "I wish I could try 5 plates".  Tapas is small plates of each. Needless to say, when I got back to NY, I looked up a ceviche place within 24 hours.  If you are going once I'd recommend trying the ceviche, piggy back dates in goat cheese mouse, shrimp in chicharran sauce, short ribs and save room for homemade churros or that chocolate kiss with sea salt and chipotle sauce (?!?!?)   - Hamachi ceviche - for those rookies like me....this is like sashimi/fish "cooked" in citrus by the acid. I've never had pickled hot peppers but its like sweet hot tangy awesomeness. (is it obvious I'm not a professional reviewer?)   Shrimp in chicharran sauce - crispy shrimp (they use 3 flours) with a little bit of pop.   Short ribs -- one large short rib in guava glaze. Its probably the best bbq sauce with rich, slightly tangy, but smooth flavor. The meat was fall off the bone tender.   Piggy back dates -- a must have. dates wrapped in bacon with an almond inside for some pop and then in a bed of white mousse. Come on!  I could eat these on the coach all day.  Best dish. A must have.   - Mojitos - I have to admit I didn't have but was with 10 people and the mixed drinks and variations on the mojito shocked people. "Not as sweet" as most.   Lastly, service was perfect as you'd expect the timing for each dish to be difficult.   I want to sit outside next time but it was packed so that wasn't possible but they seem to have the best view in town square.   Gun to my head I'd say I didn't like the chicken skewers but it turned out they were missing the rum glaze so that was the reason.   I think what I loved most was just the variations on every dish. Yes they have corn dogs but they have chorizo. Yes the have mac and cheese but its has habanero in it. Piggy back dates with almonds and white mousse? Can you picture what that taste like? There's something for everyone here. Ceviche, mac and cheese, shrimp, pickled jalapenos, bread pudding. Not joking this place reminded me of dishes at Nobu and as I said to a friend, "I'm not just saying this, but this might be the best meal I ever had" I felt like I was trying to find something I didn't find mindblowing to seem credible when I told friends about it. I was asking locals at the malls if they had been. I'll wait for Cana NYC to open up.~cheese shrimp hot peppers shrimp shrimp ( guava bacon almond white chicken corn mac and cheese 
3.5 stars.    Both my wife and I wanted a small dinner and this was a perfect place to do it.  Went with the hirame ceviche which was was done w/ lavender, lychee and lime.  Interesting mix for a ceviche and tasty but I just prefer the regular stuff.  We also ordered the beef empanadas and the cuban sliders which were both very good.    While the menu was fine, my wife kinda wished there was a larger selection of stuff but it wasn't that big a deal.    Atmosphere is awesome.  Great place for drinks and this place is gonna rock when the weather gets warmer.~lychee lime. beef 
Really wanted this to be a great place.Sure looks good inside & I have to say the service was great. However I found the food way over priced and the portions small (Yeah I know Tapas are small plates) but from $12-$14 give me some meat. Drinks were tasty & I enjoyed the white sangria over the red but again pricey. Nothing really blew my top which is sad and I don't think I will be back I'm sorry to say. Lower your price or increase the portion size. I'm not cheap by any means.~white 
We stopped in on a Saturday night after seeing the sign.  We were going to grab some sushi but hadn't noticed Caña before and wanted to try it seeing as we're fans of tapas.  Lots of small plates meant to be shared.  We ordered a salad, meatballs, hamachi ceviche, crab ceviche, churros, Cuban sliders, ahi tuna flatbread, and several drinks.  Drinks were great.  Food was excellent.  However, the ceviche isn't really ceviche if that's what you're looking for.  The hamachi was sliced sashimi style with an delicious dressing.  Crab was more like a crab salad and had a metallic taste as if it were canned.  The crab ceviche was the only dish that wasn't excellent.  Service is good.  Definitely a good place for groups.  It's rather noisy so be warned.  Can't wait for the weather to warm up so we can try the outside patios.~sushi salad, tuna salad 
Went here on a Friday night- very nice vibe, sangria and mojito were yummy (should've listened to our waitress and got a pitcher for $28 since we ended up ordering that much in drinks anyways!)  We liked the decor and feel of the restaurant- made us kinda feel like we were back home in SF at the XYZ Bar at the W Hotel.  We ordered beef tenderloin, lamb chops, mac n cheese and halibut ceviche.  The beef tenderloin was good, portion was fine for the two of us.  The mac n cheese was REALLY good.  The lamb chops were perfectly cooked and great flavor.  The ceviche was fresh and came with a shot glass of sauce that you can put the halibut in or on.  Overall, service was good we would come back for happy hour next time since we ended up spending a little over $100 for two...~beef lamb cheese beef cheese lamb 
My new favorite bar /hangout spot in the city of Las Vegas ! I know everyone on Yelp is obsessed with Firefly, but I can now confidently say I much prefer Cana! Before I get onto the main review, a few reasons why this place kicks Firefly's butt:  *Well crafted, DELICIOUS drinks. I know we all love those sugary mojitos at Firefly, but the flavorings are all just powders and artificial. The fruit mojitos here are muddled with real fresh fruit - they used a half pint of blueberries on one freaking mojito that I watched them make! I much prefer real fruit to powdered mixes, but to each his own.  *Service is exponentially better. The bartenders will actually take the time to get to know you and make sure you love your drink. My mojito gets thrown at me with no hello at FireFly  *Atmosphere. I love the sexy lounge/patio they have going! Happy hour is till 7, instead of ending at 6 PM like it does on FF on Paradise.   --------------------------  I've said it once and I'll say it again - the drinks are awesome and they are why I come here. The mojitos are muddled with fresh fruit, and they have some awesome martinis. I do have to give the edge to Firefly on the sangria, however. They only have one kind at Cana and it's just oK.  We've tried half the menu and love nearly everything we've tried. I think the low point is sadly  the ceviche. We tried their best selling yellowtail ceviche and while it was fresh, I don't like their funky new style. If I want ceviche I want small pieces of fish, not 4 huge ugly slabs. It was sloppy and uninspired imo.  On the flip side, we really loved the beef empanadas. They aren't traditional, but wow the puff pastry dough is good. The mac and cheese is great as are the sliders. The flat breads and shrimp are both great and hearty portions to boot. I think our favorite was the short rib. A pretty damn big slab for $12 and covered in the most delicious sauce.   If you're a Firefly regular - give it a try. It's more sophisticated and the drinks are way better! You might just like it .~beef mac and cheese 
Happy Hour: Daily 5-7PM, 12-2am 26 items $5 or less (food and drink)  The Peach Sangria was great, my girflriend immediately tried to recreate it at home.  There are many different type of ceviche here, which are a bit different than ceviche I've had in the past (closer to sashimi), but really good.  I think I had the Miso one.  In my previous review I had mentioned that they good, but a bit too expensive. I also suggested that they needed a happy hour.  Well, the owner messaged me on here to let me know that they have one now, with 26 items $5 or less.  With $5 plates, it definitely puts it into my price range, and I plan on coming back.~peach miso 
6 of us came out here tonight, a Monday night for happy hour, and we were happy.  We sat out on the patio to enjoy the nice night and because they only allowed happy hour specials at the bar/patio.  However, we would rather sit out there because it was just too dark in the dining area.  These are the tapas we ordered: -Mac and cheese with the habenero:  We all liked this very much that we  doubled the initial quantity.  The habenero gave this tapa a lil kick and was a wonderful compliment.  -Beef empanadas-this was everyone's favorite.  Was light and fluffy with ground beef and other spices in the middle...yum  -Chicken empanada-not as good as the beef empanadas, but is aight.  -Spicy tuna ceviche-one of us doesn't eat sushi/sashimi, but she thought this was delicious.  I honestly thought it was a bit too fishy while everyone else liked it.  -Hamachi tiradito-the citrus brought out the flavor of this fish.  Was light and refreshing.  Was one of everyone's favorite.  -Cuban Sliders-ham on top of pork, was kinda boring to me.  I like cuban sandwiches when there is a dipping sauce.  This one doesn't come with a dipping sauce.  -Crispy Shrimp-one said that this reminds her of honey walnut shrimp, I didn't care too much for it.  The shrimps were tiny.  -Beef taco-Better than the fish, not as good as the chicken taco.  The portion seem to be tiny for the amount of pickled cabbage given.  -Chicken taco-Taste the best out of the three kinds of taco.  The pickled purple cabbage and a slice of jalapeno tasted very good with this chicken taco.  -Fish taco-least favorite...the fish was BORING.  Didn't taste like much.  -Churros-Everyone loved this desert.  It was so soft and fluffy, with a nice vanilla sauce (I think) drizzled on top of it.  Not a typical churro that one would get at El Pollo Loco, which I like too btw.  Sopapillas-Eh.  Whatevers.  A rectangular baked dough on a dish of honey and powdered sugar.    Sugarcane sangria-This was GOOD.  Even for non-drinkers as myself.  Was very fruity with fruit pulp.    Blackberry mojito-Was on the tart side.  No one liked this pitcher very much...  So, happy hour is definitely the time to go to try out many different tapas and drink the sugarcane sangria.  I will come back!~cheese beef beef tuna pork, shrimp- honey shrimp, shrimps taco- chicken taco. cabbage taco- taco. cabbage jalapeno chicken taco. taco- honey 
went to cana for happy hour and they had some really good specials, $5 mojitos and beers. the mojito was EXCELLENT. we also got the mac-n-cheese with habanero seasoning, nice size portion, and it was very good. the ceviche was really good also but small portions for the price, we got the trio ceviche spicy tuna (great taste), scallop (with mango and pomegranate seeds), and the mixit (shrimp & octopus) they were each like 2 - 3 bites and it was like $30 bucks, not worth it for the price!!!if you like sangria they have a special sugar sangria that is SPECTACULAR!!!!!! will definitely go back. also a mix crowd, all ages and groups will feel at home!!~cheese habanero tuna ( mango pomegranate shrimp & 
Last night was my second time trying Cana, and quite frankly its not worth the money. My boyfriend and I got a pitcher of mojiots, empanadas, and a sorry excuse for a flatbread which was basically three slices of pita bread with a little smudge of melted cheese in the center... no sauce, no flavor. This cost us $75 after tip. We left still starving after a day of laying by the pool in the sun, and grumpy for wasting money.  The only reason I gave two stars as opposed to one, is because I saw the bartender totally hook it up in our pitcher of mojito. He probably used half the bacardi bottle on us.  But, needless to say, we met up with friends right after this, and immediately walked over to Brio for some hearty pasta, breads, and salads.  Seriously, go to Firefly if you want tapas, this place is only good for drinks.~cheese pasta, salads. 
Nice, vibrant environment.  The server was very friendly in telling us what we should try and most were accurate.   Everyone raves about the pork sliders, but we found them to be very dry...needed a little more mustard or BBQ sauce in my opinion (cough cough...another drink please!). Maybe that was their intent...  Drinks were great as she made sure we never ran dry.    Only bizzare area was going to the bathrooms.  There was a 16 year old texting on his phone when I entered the omni-sexual configured bathroom.  Felt strange, like he was supposed to be my wiper. Bizzare.  Overall, great place!~pork 
This spot is not right down in the Strip... My guess it will be more locals, and shoppers as the restaurant is located in the very nice Town Square (http://www.townsquarelasvegas.com/)  About the Restaurant: Mojitos... Great. Tapa style plates.... Great. I tried:  The Ceviche: Lychee/lime/lavender The flatbread pizza: Grilled Chicken/mango/cilantro/queso blanco The Mac & Cheese: with Habaner jace (my favorite) The Lamb Chops: with mint chimichurri (okay, also my favorite) Tried two of the three desserts: Bread Pudding with banana/rum sauce and the Chocolate Kiss, with Chipolte Foam... was not a fan of the foam...  Service was outstanding, this was the second night they were open... so i hope they keep this up. Very friendly.   Atmosphere was nice/modern/chic, I could use a brighter candle on the table... i had to use my iphone for light to read the menu... but they noticed right away, and said they would be working on it.~pizza cheese: lamb 
I'm not sure if I'd give this place 4 stars or 3 stars. I really wish we could do 1/2 stars.   Went here for DINNER last night with some friends.   Ambiance:  low lighting, dark woods, modern feel, one big open room with tables plus outdoor patio seating which looked like it would be a great way to go in the Fall and Spring... they had cool (I thought they were cool) paper-like, scrunched lanterns hanging from the ceiling   Menu:  2-page menu.... 1-page for drinks and 1-page for food  What's cool is that they keep it simple but it's not a far reaching menu like some other tapas places I've been to... and if you're vegetarian this is NOT the place for you... I think there were 2 items on the menu that did not have meat or were meat based   Downside: (and this is why I'd give them 3 stars) they were out of a number of items  - out of all but 2 wines  - out of 2 of the 8 beers  - out of the short rib tacos and some other dish that I can't remember   Taste:  Excellent... everything we ordered was very tasty and well executed with a flair for presentation.  Note: the portions are not super big.... so each plate is good for 2 people... we often ordered multiples.   Enjoyed the Tuna Ceviche... Chicken Empanadas (now these were on the big side).... Chicken Tacos... Fish Tacos... Crispy Shrimp   Dessert:  WOW! If you like bread pudding... or even if you are just mildly interested.... try their Banana Bread Pudding.... YUM! It doesn't look like much when it comes out... but then you take a bite. Oh MY! :)  We also ordered the Churros which were more like Cinnamon twists.. nevertheless... very good as well and I dipped the churros in the sauce the BBP came in... oh Yea!   Service:  Our waiter was cool.... super busy as it seemed like he was only 1 of 2 guys taking care of all the tables and it was a pretty busy night... almost all the tables were filled plus a big party of 10  The hostess was ... I guess... I'd say indifferent... she wasn't mean but she wasn't friendly either so....   Drinks:  I ordered the raspberry mojito... and to me ... it was way too sweet... I personally think it needed more rum and less sugarcane but that's me. Plus they muddled the heck out of it so that there weren't pieces of fruit swimming around as I had expected... I like the chunks of fruit in my muddled mojito... I know... I'm strange.   The white sangria however was FABULOUS... it too was sweet but in a different way. I know... that doesn't make sense... so let's just say this drink would be perfect for sitting by the pool .... refreshing and delightful.   All in all... we'll go back... it's different from the norm and I want to try their Red Sangria.~tacos tuna chicken chicken tacos... tacos... shrimp banana white 
The hamachi ceviche is my favorite. The dates with goat cheese mousse were awesome too, along with the sangria. Wow. Best sangria I have ever had. We asked for the dates sans bacon and they were delicious--crisp and perfectly baked. Much better than Firefly where the dates are served soaking in a bowl of bacon grease (although I have to admit that Firefly introduced me to this dish so I shoudln't complain).  The best part about my experience was the service. John is an amazing bar tender. All of the bartenders are very friendly and focused on the customer. They were genuinely interested in whether or not we liked our food and drinks. John introduced us to Cory, the owner, who is also a friendly, genuine person.  I don't think you'll find better service anywhere in Vegas, really. I have been going to Firefly for years and have never left feeling like the employees knew me or cared about my return. It's the opposite at Cana.  I can't wait to go here when the weather gets nice too--large windows open up to the bar--it's a great indoor/outdoor space. Even though it was rainy and cold this Saturday, it was a fun place to be.~cheese bacon bacon 
overpriced tapas.  Compared to Firefly they can't hold a candle to it.  The only redeeming food they have is the mushroom ceviche.  That was delicious but, so itty bitty for $8.  If the happy hour is cheap I'll go check it out and give them a star if it's a good deal.  Remember, we are in a recession.~mushroom 
We hit this place really late, sometime after 11PM.  Prior to that, we were at the Blue Martini, so this place was a real nice break from speakers that 'go to eleven'...  Not a lot of people here but it's only been open a few weeks; hopefully that changes.  The bartender's were great!  Awesome mojitos and really great food.  We had the chicken skewers, meatballs and churros.  Everything was really flavorful and unique.  The bartenders were extremely nice and friendly.  I wish I remembered her name but she was gorgeous!  A really nice break from the usual 'Strip' stuff.~chicken 
Since we had time to kill before a flick we decided to eat here.  After all, tapas is a nice way to eat lots without feeling like a pig.  We ordered a plethora of dishes, and I have to say that this place is pretty good, but not great.  The only thing I really loved were their short rib tacos, but the meat was overpowered by some serious guava jelly.  if they just held back a bit on the jelly, that dish would bump my review up to a 4 star.  I did break a glass on my way out, but they were nice about it.  I can't say much about this place because the dishes were pretty but not memorable, with the exception of their short rib taco.    Would I go back?  Maybe.  I'll give it 6 months.~tacos, guava taco. 
Recently got to try this place out. I always end up comparing Tapas restraunts to Firefly because Firefly is so good and I love going there. For example, when I went to Johnny Smalls in the Hard Rock it was a huge dissapointment. So much more expensive and not half as good as Firefly. SO when I sat down at Cana I thougt I would end up dissapointed again..it was the complete opposite of a let down. I loooved this place and it was not as annoyingly busy and loud as Firefly.   We got spicy tune ceviche..amazing especially with the chip thingys they bring out with it, beef emenadas..the crust is super flaky and yummy, mac n cheese..SO good and surprisingly spicy, and the meatballs. Oh, and of course, a pitcher of Sangria..the red one. Our waiter even gave us a sample of the white sangria which was also good but we were all more into the red. I can't wait to go back here and try some more things on their menu!~beef cheese.. white 
Just received a nice message from Cana management:  "I just wanted to take a moment and say thank you for taking the time to write a review of my restaurant, Caña.  I really appreciate it and I hope to see you in Caña again soon.  Please introduce yourself so I may say hi.  Regards,  Cory"   I replied that there were some request for new / additional drinks...      Since Cana uses Rum and Sugar Cane in the majority of their drinks,      why not add some Polynesian drinks? A Mai-Tai made with Sugar      Cane as sweetener would sound deliciouso right about now!      One of the best Iced Teas I've ever had was at a restaurant in      Sacramento where the Iced Tea (not the Long Island kind) was made     with Sugar Caner.  Man... that sounds good in the Summertime in      Vegas!~tea ( 
I recently revisited Cana and I'm glad I gave them a second chance.  I was very impressed with the waiter and the owner who were so welcoming and impressive with telling of what they enjoyed and the care that went into food preparation.  I had far more food that I normally do but was glad I tried out so many things.  I'll list it out since my eyes were very hungry that night.:  Hamachi - fresh and zesty Duck Empanada - delicious unique butter crust and sweet to bite Mac N Cheese - so bad for you but so good when it hits your lips Calamari - crispy and peppery and using the dipping sauce really adds to the flavor Pork Chops - Loved the marinade, tender, and full of flavor Bread Pudding - This hit all my senses as soon as it hit the table and really lived up to expectations Churros - Best churro I've ever had, arrived warm and hot and the glaze just really made the flavor jump in you mouth.  My friend had the white wine sangria and was very satisfied which is quite the compliment since she's very discerning.  I had a faux-jito, which was equally flavorful and fun.  Overall it was a great experience, nice ambiance, great service, and a welcome spot for friends, dates, and even business dinners.~butter cheese - pork white 
Cana has some tasty food, but it is expensive.  Most dishes hover right above $10, and the portions certainly do not match what you're paying for.  Last night was my third visit here, and each time I've been sure to stop by during happy hour.  Happy hour is from 5pm-7pm daily and gets you the following items at discount price (discount prices are listed below, and are approx. ~50% off full price, plus or minus $1):  Beef Empanadas, $6.00 - It's alright.  Ground beef with some veggies inside pastry bread.  I'll eat it but it's not my first choice.  Comes with two empanadas, each cut in half. Mac & Cheese, $4.00 - This is some tasty mac & cheese, using white cheese, cheddar cheese and some habanero.  The kick from the habanero makes this something that I would order every visit.  Portion is good for two, maybe three less-hungry people. Cuban Sliders, $6.00 - These are delicious little burgers!  Made with ground pork, with a little ham thrown on top just because.  They've been juicy and full of flavor every time I've ordered these (which happens to be every time I've been here).  Order comes with three sliders, which are small to begin with.  Not worth full price. Crispy Shrimp, $6.00 - Yes, it is pieces of shrimp.  Yes, it was probably crunchy at some time with some sort of breading.  But no, it is not crispy when it arrives.  Last night was the first time I ordered it, and the sauce it comes with (panko?) made the shrimp soggy.  It had a citrus flavor and wasn't bad, but I can't see myself ordering it again.  Portion was decent enough for two to share. Chicken Skewers, $? - The fifth and final food item on the happy hour menu.  The menu is small to begin with, and only five items are offered with happy hour pricing!  I *think* I had this during a previous visit but I'm not sure.  I didn't order it last night. Sangria, $5.00 - I think there were a couple varieties offered during happy hour, each being $5.00.  It's not my favorite drink so I didn't order.  During my visits it seems that on average people are paying roughly $15-$20 per person depending on who gets drinks.  When I go to Firefly with a group it's usually about $20 per person and the food is tastier, with more generous portions.  Cana's food is good from what I've tasted so far, but the prices are scaring me off from trying the other items, no matter how good they look.~beef beef cheese, cheese, white cheese, cheese habanero. habanero burgers! pork, shrimp, shrimp. shrimp chicken 
The mojitos here are delicious... I love the original and the cucumber version.  The food is decent.  I've tried the mac-n-cheese (a bit spicy, but yummy), the flatbread (kinda bland, nothing special), the bacon wrapped dates (yummy, but you can only eat a couple before they are just too sweet), and the papas (very tasty).  My only complaint is that the place has been pretty dead every time I've been there... sure I don't like super crowded places, but I would literally be the only one talking in this place at times when the other 5 groups of people that were there would collectively have a lull in their conversations.  I don't know if people just haven't heard of this place or what.  The mojitos will keep me coming back, and hopefully a following will build for this place so it's a little more lively in the future.~cucumber cheese ( bacon 
Oh, Cana...how I LOVE thee...  I'm telling you, every thing about this place is amazing.  Not only the food is delicious, the drinks are unique and yummy, the decor is modern and comfortable, and the staff is very helpful when it comes to explaining the menu and giving suggestions.  I was introduced to this place in November 2010 and have been there 6 times.  This says a lot, because my boyfriend and I eat out often and it's hard to find a place that makes me want to come back time after time.    Cana's tapas are ALL delicious.  Beef empanadas, halibut, tuna ceviche, tacos, CHURROS!!  Oh my goodness, I need to go there for dinner!  LOL!  Anyways, their drinks are also amazing.  Fresh sugarcane...lime...DELICIOUS and consistently good every time!!  Cana truly is a gem!  Go!  Now...do it.~beef tuna tacos, lime... 
I'm a sucker for tapas (or bocadillos in this case -- although I used to think bocadillos were sandwiches, which shows you how much I know, but I digress...). So, when I saw this place in Town Square I had to check it out.  First of all, there are 2 entries for Caña on yelp. Both refer to the same place but one has the address wrong. The correct address is 6599 Las Vegas Blvd. I'm posting my review under both.  Now for the review... Caña is located in the spot vacated by Louis's Fish Camp and they did a great job of remodeling the space. Louis's had a small bar and the entry way was a little odd -- kinda felt like you were walking in through the back door to get into the restaurant because of the small door, walking by the bathrooms and getting a glimpse of the "behind the bar" area before getting to the dining area. With Caña, the doorway is larger and more inviting and the bar is pushed back, adjoining the patio areas. The interior of the place is much darker and intimate as well. The bathrooms are in the same location but are not as pronounced.  As for the food... ehh... it was ok but not great.  Not even "really good" either.  - Hamachi ceviche -- as other reviews have mentioned they are not traditional ceviches. They're more like sashimi slices laying on a streak of citrus sauce. Hardly enough citrus to 'cook' the hamachi. It didn't taste all that fresh and lacked flavor.  - Short ribs -- one large short rib in a deep pool of guava glaze. The meat was very tender but didn't have much depth in flavor. A few more spices would have given it some kick and made this a great dish, but the meat all on its own was a little dull.  - Piggy back dates -- It seems like every tapas/bocadillos place HAS to have bacon wrapped dates. I guess I should be glad that this place did, because it was the best dish of the night. Great textures (although the amount of goat cheese mousse was overkill) and great flavors.  - Beef empanadas -- the outside of the empanadas was flaky and a little crispy. The inside could have used more beef. Almost every bite was pastry with a hint of beef. The beef tasted pretty good, I just wanted more of it.  - Crispy shrimp -- decent flavor, not as crispy as I would have liked.  - Sangria -- while it did taste good, it wasn't strong enough and was too sweet. It wasn't what I was expecting.  We sat at the bar on a Saturday night and didn't have any trouble finding seats. The service was very good. Our bartender was on top of things and we didn't have to wait long for drinks or food even though he and the other bartenders were very busy (all those mojitos take a while to make). Our bill came out to about $88 including tip for two people... not bad. However, I doubt I'll be back for the food. Caña might be a cool/chill place for happy hour but there are better places around town for tapas. I'd give them 2.5 stars if I could, but 'm rounding up.~guava bacon cheese beef beef. beef. beef shrimp -- 
My boyfriend and I wanted to try something new this weekend so we went to Caña. We've lived in Vegas for a year and this was the worst food for the price we've had so far. We ordered the scallop ceviche, chicken flat bread, bacon wrapped dates, salad, and meatballs. The scallops were chewy and fishy and the ceviche's ingredients had a bad mixture of texture. The chicken flat bread was sparse. The salad was served the same way as coleslaw and bacon wrapped dates were greasy (goat cheese sauce tasted like sour cream). The meatballs dish was the only dish that we liked. I also ordered a glass of wine and it looked like it was two ounces. Our meal ended up being $74 and we were beyond disappointed. Cana should change it's layout into a lounge instead of a restaurant because it's more about the ambiance and view. The service was excellent and we tipped her accordingly but we will never go back.~chicken bacon salad, chicken salad bacon cheese sour cream) 
I really, really, really wanted Cana's to be amazing and give me a new place to go for tapas...Fail. I went with a friend and sat at the bar to eat. We had to get the bartender's attention after being seated for about 5 mins, he was busy chatting with a friend at the other end of the bar. We ordered cocktails and our food, we ordered their Meatballs, Spring Rolls, Mac & Cheese, and the Dates. We ordered these because they're are favorites from Firefly so we could compare. And we thusly found out there was no comparison. Cana's offerings were ok, but nothing outstanding. The food really felt like someone was reading receipts out of a cookbook and attempting to add their own "flair". And along with the mediocre food was the mediocre bartender, he literally left us with empty glasses for 10mins until we could get ahold of his bar back and had him actually make us drinks.  Firefly is still the king of Tapas Eateries in Las Vegas for me, Cana's was a disappointment.~cheese, 
So, this was like our 10th time going to Cana (in what I thought was 6 months but is really 2) and I have to say I have not been disappointed yet.  The drinks are consistent, the food is so fresh and flavorful..each and every time!  The weather is warming up so we are definitely looking forward to some warm nights on the patio.  They have a little lounge patio area with a few cushy seats that almost seems like my own private little living room.  Perfect!  This visit Cory (owner) stopped by the table and he gave us some previews of drinks he is creating for the summer menu. (Which by the way is a selling point to this ADHD foodie...new stuff on the menu is a big plus)  I can't talk too much about the spicy, savory, tasty drinks we tried but let's just say one of them bit me!  There is also a new Sangria on the menu which is so refreshing and not too sweet.  Made with a Malbec and citrus juices (and Bacardi O) it is going to be the perfect complement to a warm Vegas breeze, swaying palm trees and ceviche.    Speaking of ceviche we tried the Mushroom Ceviche.  I think it was made with Beech Mushrooms.  Those were new for me.  They were soaking in a citrus marinade that made raw mushrooms absolutely tasty.  We also had the Spicy Tuna Ceviche and the Mixto made with shrimp, scallops, and calamari (they have an 'choose 3' offer that we couldn't resist).  The 3 of those along with the Hamachi was almost enough for us.    But even before the ceviches were ordered I could smell the aroma of truffle coming from the table next to us (and NO I am not sick of truffles yet)...so what did we have to try? The new Truffle Chips.  Um, HELLO, I need a whole bag of those right now!  Thin crispy waffle cut potato chips with grated parmesan and truffle oil.  You know how some of us like the really brown potato chips and pick them out of the bags? Well, these chips were like those on steroids.  I think I ate them all, but sorry, my eyes were closed and I was in Heaven so I don't really remember.  Things to try: the Watermelon Ginger Margharita, the new Sangria, and the freakin' awesome Truffle Chips!  And thanks Cory and GM (Ben I think?) for making our visit so entertaining, educational and above all...FUN!~mushroom mushrooms. mushrooms tuna shrimp, chips. potato chips brown potato chips chips ginger chips! 
Ate here on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Nice easygoing ambiance with bold yet comforting modern decor of reds/browns/and touches of green. Attentive service and delicious tapas dishes. Highly recommend the Spicy Tuna Ceviche and the Cuban Sliders.   Note: check-in on 4square for a drink special !~tuna 
I'm extremely optimistic that this place will earn 5 stars on my next visit when I intend to order off their regular menu!  My father and I arrived for happy hour at 6 and were told it had just ended! Luckily the cordial manager Mike let us indulge in happy hour since their yelp ad lists happy hour from 4-7pm.  First off, their happy hour prices are so inexpensive!! I posted pictures of the menus- beer $3, Cocktails 4.50, and a glass of wine for $3.50? Absolutely awesome.  The watermelon gazpacho was pleasing, but the flavours weren't really intermingled well. One bite would be incredibly delicious, and the next sort of bland. I definitely wouldn't write it off though.  Our cocktails were the highlight; my father had Fire Water which was a really unique concoction that included Ctristal Aguardiente, a Columbian liquor. The Diablo Dulce was exactly that, spicy and sweet- and utterly satisfying. The Sugarcane sangria was really good, and really sweet; I asked our waitress and from her description of its ingredients, -maybe it should be called High Fructose Corn Syrup Sangria. Sierra Mist is the contributing sweetness : /  There was also an interesting selection of South American Beers!  Their Hamachi Tiradito was a winner, and entirely cooked as opposed to raw. Raw might have been more delicious, but sashimi isn't exactly tapas.~corn 
These are two perplexed stars because several people that I respect have given Cana lots of stars. My preliminary explanation is that people love sugar cane in their drinks; they love it so much that they are driven in a sugar frenzy to giving 4 or more stars. I can respect this. I didn't have any sugar cane drinks. I had a glass of wine and some food.  The atmosphere is dark and sexy and suave, and I do love a good atmosphere, but at Cana you pay for the atmosphere. The food was expensive for tapas. We had a ceviche, which was decent. I had no real complaints there, but some of my friends did not think it was the freshest. Then we had an $11 chicken flatbread. For $11, I expected some mega-chicken and assorted toppings, but there were maybe 9 little cubes of chicken and close to no mango that was promised on the menu. Not cool. The yucca frites were not too special, and the "crispy" $12 shrimp were not crispy at all. They were a bit soggy. Plus, most everything came to the table not hot. I hate not hot tapas.    I am willing to grant that perhaps I came on an off night. There was a manager type who appeared to be running dishes, when generally that is a task reserved for the waitstaff. If I am at Town Square and someone wants to go back, I wouldn't be a party pooper. However, for now and based on the other reviews, I would say go to Cana for the drinks, but eat at Firefly. The food at Firefly is 50% cheaper and 100% hotter.~chicken chicken chicken mango shrimp 
I was a bit disappointed with this place. A bunch of us girls decided to go for happy hour and it was just a huge let down. First of all, only certain drinks and food are happy hour priced. Why would we want to come here, when Blue Martini is next door with happy hour on everything?! We decided on a pitcher of the Sugarcane Sangria. The server told us that it was cheaper getting the pitcher, but beware this is full price during happy hour. We also ordered the Mac and Cheese and the Chicken Empanada (this is not a HH item). I thought both were decent, but I definitely would say I wasn't impressed. Overall, I felt disappointed and we left to go to finish Happy Hour at Blue Martini.~mac and cheese 
So this is my first yelp and I have read reviews on this site for quite sometime....one thing you will always get from me is an open mind and minimum negativity unless it is truly called for....for cana latin kitchen I will start first off by saying that this....raquel was our server....she was the only one on the floor and kept us happy.....her reccomendations we welcomed with open arms....go see her and I'm sure you will make a night of it for you....  We started first of course with some drinks. My boo ordered a strawberry basil margherita....when I asked her if she liked it she simply replied "this shit is hella good, I'm getting another!!" I order a cucumber mojito...I like a stiff drink but mine was a little rough....I won't judge it on that as I'm sure every other one they make is excellent. I sent mine back and had it replaced with the diablo dulce. It was different it had some rum pineapple juice habenero and garlic....I'm sure there was some other stuff but I'm a little fuzzy writing this at the moment. We went on to order the chicken empanadas....they were excellent....get them....they were the perfect amount of flaky and crunchy....not too much oil....after that we had the spicy tuna chiviche....it was good as well....big chunks of. We had the "hamachi" as well...that was excellent....cut like sashimi but cooked in citrus juice. We were up for more....we decided to ask rauqel what she liked....she said the dates....I said no thanks we are already on one haha (that was corny but who cares its fun)...we ordered the dates and calamari.....the dates were awsome...super sweet and wrapped in bacon....that calamari was just calamari....not too special...we finished off with the short rib tacos......if you decide to visit caña order those for sure....they are good....we were stuffed.....good food, good atmosphere,  and pretty unique drinks......its all reasonable tapas pricing too....go to townsquare and try it if you haven't before. You will be pleased.~cucumber pineapple garlic.... chicken tuna bacon.... tacos...... 
Had some time before a movie so we decided to try something other than our usual American fare at Town Square and Cana looked intrigueing.  Small plates of food give more chances to taste something different.  Order was: Hamachi  Chicken Empanadas Beef Empanadas Chicken Skewers Piggy Back Dates Crispy Shrimp Fish Tacos Short Rib Tacos  The Empanadas and Piggy Back Dates were the best things out of the selections.  I would come back just for those.  Everything else was ok but I wasn't feeling the Short Rib.  Cool place to try if you're looking for something a little different from Yardhouse or Cadillac Ranch.~chicken beef chicken shrimp tacos tacos 
A friend recommended this tapas spot and I absolutely enjoyed the apps we got except for one.   We ordered the meatballs, hamachi, beef tenderloin, calamari and they were all great. We also ordered the Cevichi mushrooms but that was the only fail out of the things we ordered cuz it was very citrusy and a bit sour so we had it sent back and the waitress recommended the spicy tuna and it was very good!  Met the General Manager and he hooked it up with their special dessert that evening which was with ice cream, fried bananas and chocolate and like some waffle haha, IT WAS AWESOME!  It was a bit pricey for the portions that came out but its a nice place to take a date out to and the atmosphere was really chill...   Over all I was pretty impressed myself... I would highly recommend this place as a date spot! :)~beef mushrooms tuna ice cream, date date 
First, it is dark and you can't tell if it is even still in business when we were walking up. They need some sort of sign of life out front. We went here on a week night thinking it was Happy Hour menu. There were 3 of us. We ordered a ton of food wanting to try it all. And thinking Happy hour pricing. The server was training someone. You could tell they had both been drinking already. There were 3 tables in the restaurant and it was freezing in there. I wore my winter coat through the whole meal and still my teeth were chattering. The dynamic duo weren't sure if the the Beef Tenderloin Tiradito was available. We ordered Ceviche, tuna, dates, sliders, and short ribs, plus the beef tenderloin which we did not know if it was coming or not until it arrived. Usually tapas comes a few things at a time. Here it took forever and then BAM, it was all on the table. I have to say everything was delicious. I refused to share the beef tenderloin. The Sangria was very good too. After we ate we couldn't take anything as it doesn't travel well. So, don't overorder. The check came and we were surprised at the amount. My daughter had just been there the week before and they had Happy hour pricing at the time we were there. We asked the waitress what was going on with the check. She gave a long winded story about new specials and hours for Christmas shoppers. And went on forever, about lunch specials. Finally, we think she said they had changed the Happy Hours and we had missed it by 5 minutes. I know, we should have asked. But it is also good customer service to say "sorry you just missed Happy Hour". Especially since it changed from the previous week. We would have ordered the same anyway. It's the point that of all the 1000's of places in Vegas, we went there for food and Happy Hour. I am undecided if I will return. The service is the lowest. But the food is really good. For sure it won't be until summer. I hate eating in a winter coat. Maybe by summer they will have better service and people watching?~beef tuna, beef beef 
We were passing town through and stopped based on the Yelp reviews. Mediocre suburban tex mex; not authentic Mexican which we prefer. Chips and salsa nothing special. Others in my group ordered burritos, which were ok. I ordered the Mexican salad and asked the waitress to add steak. It came as a nice mix of greens, covered in warm, melted Kraft cheddar cheese, no steak. The waitress that brought our food was different from the one who took our order, so seemed confused when I pointed out the steak was missing. However, she came back promptly with a big plate of steak to add to my salad and said it was ok, because my server had it down right but the kitchen missed it. The way she said it made me wonder what would have happened if the waitress had gotten it wrong . . .  Anyway, nothing terrible but I'd probably stop somewhere else next time.~chips salsa burritos, salad steak. greens, cheese, steak. steak steak salad 
The blackened chicken quesadilla is amazing!! While the green salsa was a click too spicy for me, the flavor was unreal! I didn't have the margarita, but my sister did and said the taste was great! (It was small, so order a large if you want more)  I'm a big guacamole fan and this one again was great. Still too spicy for me, but if you can handle a little heat-you should love it. (BTW, I can barely handle any heat at all, so it's probably normal for most people ;) I say, grab some friends and try it out!~chicken salsa 
Update:  Allegedly this place is closed.  Obviously they did nothing to improve my on my previous review.  The owners of this place own several places in town, some great and some ok, so they obviously could care less what I had to say.  It is about the food!  If you make great food then people will come.  I am a sucker for trying every new place around, despite the countless bad reviews I read.  Cabo''s was the latest of the new places I've tried.  Was the food horrible?  No, the food was not horrible.  Was the restaurant dirty?  No, the restaurant was actually very clean and nicely decorated..  Was the service bad?  No, the service was ok.    If nothing was horrible then why the two stars?  There are countless Mexican establishments in Champaign/Urbana and I've eaten at every one of them.  I would go eat at any of the good ones before going back here. The menu didn't contain 200 items like many of the other establishments, which I found kind of refreshing.  However, the prices were crazy high for Mexican food.  They charge $13.00 for a Fajita and $3.00 more if you want meat such as chicken or steak on it.  That is $16 for a Fajita that would be $9-$12 everywhere else.    The food was not horrible, but it was bland.  The fajitas lacked flavor.  I had to salt and pepper it to make it taste like something.  When have you ever had to add salt and pepper to a Mexican dish after it has been served?  If the answer is more than zero then you've likely eaten at Cabo's or another bad Mexican restaurant.   The service consisted of countless college aged students of European decent.  I scanned the staff and didn't see one person that appeared to come from a Mexican background.   This is usually a worrisome sign for me at any ethnic restaurant, particularly at a Mexican restaurant.  This place could be Mexican-American owned and operated, but I doubt it.  The employees I encountered were pleasant, but the experience was nothing special.  Before you bash me as some white hating individual I must disclose that I'm white.  I also believe that my fellow fair skinned man can cook good ethnic food, but rarely is it ever as good as a person from that particular ethnic background (in this case Mexican).   With all the other Mexican establishments in town why would I eat here again?  I won't, I'll take my business and money elsewhere where I can get a better meal for less.  If you must try it then go ahead as it won't be a horrible experience, but don't say that you weren't warned.~chicken steak white white. 
This place is great!! First time dining here but I will definitely be back. We ordered the guac, chicken/fish/shrimp tacos, and a chicken crisp and everything was great! The shrimp tacos were a little spicy, but good. The chicken was my fav! Had a tasty drink too...a blackberry/basil margarita. Highly recommend this restaurant.~tacos, chicken shrimp tacos chicken 
I needed a place for an office lunch of about 20 people and decided upon Cabo's. John, the general manager, was professional and very friendly upon my initial inquiry and throughout the meal. My group ate in the small area to the right just inside the main door.  The service? It could not have been better. Angela and Joy spoke with me prior to the arrival of the other guests to make sure that everything was set up properly and to make sure that the guests would get the best possible service. They did a great job of getting drinks and food orders, offering suggestions, and generally having fun with the diners. Chips and drinks were refilled quickly and all the service was with a smile.  Everyone enjoyed their meal. We ordered quite an array of entrees from tacos to fajitas. My meal, the stuffed poblano pepper, was excellent. Angela suggested adding spicy pork to it, but I was determined to have a meat-free meal today. The next time I will definitely try her suggestion. I thought the queso we ordered for our chips was outstanding. People gobbled up the fresh guacamole, which I personally thought needed just a bit more heat. The other suggestion one person made was that his meal also could have used a bit more heat. Needless to say, everyone left quite full and satisfied.  After lunch, a few of us relaxed at the bar, making for a great ending to a wonderful experience. Great food, great service and reasonable prices: quite a combination for a Mexican restaurant on the southwest side of Champaign. I have a feeling that several of my group will be returning very soon.~chips tacos poblano pork chips 
How does this restaurant only have 3 1/2 stars?? I've been here twice and the food was excellent both times. The steak enchiladas are fantastic, with high quality meat and fresh sauce. The service is good, with friendly and attentive staff. I'm really glad there's a Mexican restaurant out this way and ecstatic that it's this good.~steak 
Guacamole was dry, we even mixed in salsa but didn't help. Most of the time you find yourself eating your grac, fat b/c it is good...We surrendered and sent it back...sad, this is off to a bad start.  Ok, wow the chips are out of a box...and nasty....Oh no....~salsa chips 
Really wanted to like this place, as it's convenient to our home, and I love good Mexican food.  Salsa seemed canned, not very flavorful.  Chips thick, obviously brought it.  My husband had the mixed fajitas- amazingly, hardly any flavor.  It came with no more than a teaspoon of guacamole and pico de gallo.    I had the stuffed poblano.  Nothing special.  Just mashed potatoes in a roasted poblano.  Service was okay, but food was sub-par at best.  We didn't take the leftovers home, and will not be back.~salsa chips poblano. poblano. 
Muy bien! In a town with more Mexican restaurants per capita than Tijuana, Cabo's certainly stands out above the rest. The decor is way better than El Toro or Dos Reales and I don't get the feeling that I might get salmonella at all.   Dos XX Ambar on draft Bad Ass Pork Tacos Chicken Enchiladas Delicious rice with corn in it  It loses one star for just ok service. Some confusion with the wait staff and kitchen. Other than that the experience was excellent. Way to go Cabo's!~pork tacos chicken corn 
*** UPDATE 10/1/2014: Sadly, Cabo's Cantina is now closed.  It was great while it lasted.***  We stopped in for an early dinner. We left filled and satisfied.  The food was very good and we will definitely be back. We had cheese curds as an appetizer. They were tasty, but they are breaded and then deep fried and served with a sauce. The sauce was a wonderful tomato-jalapeno-fruit sauce (can't fully identify the fruit), and it may have some roasted red pepper.  Truly good sauce.  The curds themselves were unexceptional. Too much breading, but that seems common in this part of the country.  (We prefer curds warm and "naked" with a spice "rub" rather than a sauce. But I'm not complaining. They were good.)  The main courses likewise were really good. The pork tacos had ample seasoned pork, cilantro, onions, and (oddly) sour cream. But the mix of flavors was very good, and I added the green salsa (that came with the chips) to mine.  The squash tacos were a real surprise, especially at a restaurant like this. They were spicy and perfectly done. Both taco dishes came three to a plate on soft corn tortillas.  The crisp was billed as a Mexican pizza-- a flour tortilla filled with cheese and toppings. Not quite a tostada, so Mexican pizza is probably as good a description as any.  It was piled high and easily shared. And, most important, it was delicious.  The chips and salsa were good. The salsa, in fact, was very good. Especially the hot salsa. It was a tomatillo salsa but with lots of peppers but still not really hot.  The red salsa was billed as mild, and it was. None in our party found it exceptional.  The chips were warm and very salty. I couldn't tell for certain, but I don't believe they are made on the premises.    The menu is relatively large and broad, ranging from tilapia to steak to tacos and burritos. And there are many choices in each category. Carnivores and vegetarians both will find things on the menu, though vegan vegetarians may not find much.  It isn't really Mexican; if you are looking for authentic Mexican you should go to Maize or El Charro. The food here is Mexican Inspired. I'm not knocking it. It is delicious. The steaks and seafood with Mexican spices were amazing, and they have a greater variety of tacos than do the more authentic places. The chefs may have worked in a steakhouse as they really know how to cook the steaks.  And the spices and sauces add to the flavors rather than smothering or overwhelming the meats or vegetables.   The place has one other feature that many of our Mexican style restaurants lack: a lovely decor. Although says Cantina and Grill on the sign, this is a sit-down restaurant if you want it to be.  On the side away from the bar it has normal tables, while the bar area has service at the bar and at those "tall tables" that require high chairs to sit at.  The decor is simple but very nice, the music was quite low and we could easily talk over it.  There are several TVs and I suspect it serves as a nice sports bar on game days.    The wait staff was wonderful. They would explain any dish you might have questions about, and they make recommendations if you give them guidelines about what you are looking for in a meal.  Very professional and amazing given that they've only been open for a week.    Parking is ample and we were seated immediately. The waitress took our drink order less than five minutes after we were seated, and the drinks arrived promptly, as did the chips and salsa, and both were refilled quickly and without our needing to ask.  All in all, I think this place is off to a great start in Champaign! I suspect it will become one of our regular stops.~cheese tomato- jalapeno- pork tacos pork, cilantro, sour cream. salsa ( chips) tacos taco corn cheese pizza chips salsa salsa, salsa. tomatillo salsa salsa chips steak tacos burritos. steaks tacos steaks. chips salsa, 
What a lunch!! I cannot wait to come back here for dinner, this time with my husband. When I took my first bite of the pork taco, there were so many flavors bursting in my mouth! It was spicy and juicy! Pork was cooked so perfectly! My mouth was definitely in heaven. Next, I had the most amazing spinach salad. There was a mild curry flavor and the tangerines and onions made it so crisp and fresh! That has been the best salad I have ever had. But I have to say, that the winner of it all for me at least is the sauce that came with the cheese curds. I am calling it the "Magic Sauce". I hope the owners would start bottling that sauce and having it for sale. I would definitely stock my pantry up with it.  What I liked most is the variety they had. I even had a fabulous burger that was mildly spiced and had a cumin type flavor to it. Unfortunately for me, it was lunch time and since I had to go back to work, I did not have a cocktail. Looking forward to going there again soon with my husband and getting some cocktails as well. I hope this place never goes out of business. Great location too!~pork taco, pork spinach salad. salad cheese burger 
I went to Cabo's the first time for dinner because Billy Barooz (same owner,same strip mall) was on a wait list. It was marginal, but had only been open a short time.  We had tamales, stuffed chili, a burger and pork tacos.  Tamales were all dough with a bland salsa verde.  The tacos are described as spicy, and they were - way hot cayenne.  Service was OK, rushed, but everything got there.  The second trip was way better, service was friendly, and relaxed.  They were not as crowded.  We had burgers, and steak tacos.  I had the Black Jack burger with fried jalapeno, cheese, and two beef patties.  It stood about four inches tall and had a great beef flavor.   A side order of cheese curds was way overcooked though.  This place will continue to get better as the staff settles in, and the kitchen gets sorted out.~burger pork tacos. salsa tacos cayenne. burgers, steak tacos. burger jalapeno, cheese, beef beef cheese 
First let me say that I love Mexican food and really wanted to like this place since it is very close to my office.  I went there for lunch with some co-workers.  The man who seated us seemed to be annoyed that we came in.  The bartender has to come wait on us because the rest of the staff just stood around talking.  Overall the service wasn't that great.  We were then brought two kinds of salsa that we were told were made "in house so they are extra yummy."  The salsa had no flavor.  Was very unimpressed and disappointed.  They have no lunch menu.  Everything is one price/one size.  This was disappointing.  I ordered the chicken burrito.  My co-worker had ordered the spicy pork burrito, and the third person decided not to eat because she was so put off by the who situation.  The burrito came out and looked good, but boy was I wrong.  They use black beans, which tasted like they were from a can and not washed off.  They tasted like they had been sitting in some sort of brine solution.  There was rice, which had no flavor either.  The rice they serve seemed a bit over cooked, had corn in it, and was very bland.  Basically they take a couple tortillas, spread some cheese on it, then rice, beans lettuce and the chicken.  They then "grill" it.  The lettuce was wilted and soggy.  Gross.  I cut the whole thing in half to eat the chicken.  It was the best part, but that's not saying much.  The chicken was salty...VERY SALTY.  I took the rest home thinking that I might be able to salvage it or give a bit to my dog, but it smelled so incredibly bad that I just threw the whole thing out at home.  Don't waste your time or money.  I prefer to support locally owned business, especially restaurants since I worked in the industry for a long time, but this was just overall a very bad experience.~salsa salsa chicken burrito 
My girlfriend and I came in around 5 PM on a Saturday. Wasn't too busy and we were quickly seated. The waitress brought us chips and salsa. She was very prompt and helpful. Throughout our visit she was very quick to refill our drinks.  After quickly looking over the menu we both decided on getting the chimichanga. (My personal favorite) It seemed like the food took a bit longer than we were expecting but not too bad.  Once our order arrived, it looked delicious. However, that was not the case. As others have mentioned, the black beans have an off taste. The rice is pretty bland and underwhelming. Both the rice and beans were cold. The chimichanga is filled mostly with rice and beans which didn't help. Unfortunately, the entire meal was just rather mediocre.  Although the food wasn't the greatest, you do get large portions. My girlfriend and I decided if we tried coming again, we might just split an entree. She said she would give the restaurant 3 out of 5.  Honestly, I couldn't recommend going here. The food just wasn't that good. Hopefully, they can improve and perhaps we can try it again.~chips salsa. black beans 
Champaign is full of middling but not terrible places for Mexican food. You get your food in seconds, but it's pretty much just the same ingredients shuffled around in different combinations, and each component is not all that great. Not BAD, but not great. I think this is the first truly great place for Mexican I've eaten at in Champaign, which is why I'm throwing caution to the wind and actually giving it a full five stars.  I just started going a few weeks ago, and I've been there three times since. I've always found the wait staff to be really pleasant. They do get pretty busy during dinner, but I've never had a terrible wait and usually get seated right away. It might help that I tend to eat dinner a little earlier, if possible.  You get chips and salsa, of course, to start at no charge. Their chips were fresh and light and warm. Nothing is a bad sign like bad tortilla chips at a Mexican restaurant. I have tried the guacamole and the queso. Of the two, I preferred the queso as an add-on dip for the Nachos. The guacamole was okay, but it could have used more lime, and I prefer my guac a bit chunkier.  Possibly the best thing on their menu are their crisps, which are like little mini-pizzas on a tortilla-based "crust." The crust of them is perfect. Delicate and flaky and crispy, which you'd hope based on the name. I've had bites of two different crisps-the pork and the red pepper varieties. I preferred the pork overall, but both were full of flavor. Their cheese and sauces seem of a very good quality and are very flavorful.  I've also tried their pork tacos. The tortillas uses for their tacos (white corn, I believe) are great. Soft, with a little bit of texture and tooth to them. I did think their pork could used a tad more heat, but other than that they made a good lunch portion with the chips.  Desert-wise, you must try their fried ice-cream! It's the best I've ever had. It seems like a hard thing to mess up too badly, but plenty of Mexican places that bother to offer it, do. It has a sweet, flaky crust and delicious chocolate drizzle. It might be nice if you got two coated, smaller scoops of ice cream instead of one larger one, just to balance out the crust and ice cream proportions a bit better. Still, it's delicious.  As far as drinks go, I have had two of their Margaritas. The first was a Blackberry and Basic concoction, and was my favorite of the two. I didn't get a ton of basil from it, but there was enough there to make it interesting. The other was a pineapple and coconut Margarita. This had a great taste, though I didn't get much coconut from it other than the toasted coconut on the rim of the glass. Neither skimped on the alcohol.~chips salsa, chips tortilla chips 
So let me first say that I REALLY REALLY wanted to like the place-- especially after so many positive reviews.   Food: HOLF SH*T SALTY. I mean SALTY. Like hey, want some food as a side to your jug of morton's salt with that? Now, I am not one of those people on a low sodium diet, where you body goes into shock consuming salt. I consider myself having a pretty normal diet. The guacamole was salty. Black beans couldn't even taste beans because it was sooo salty. Rice was mushy and had no flavor at all. I tried my husband's chicken burrito, and it was salt with chicken essence. We wouldn't even bag it up for our dogs to eat. I had the cheese enchiladas. HORRIBLE. It was like a really bad quesadilla with some red sauce on it. No use of Mexican cheeses-- just really shitty kraft cheese that my knife wouldn't even cut through.   Service: Meh. Had to ask the bartenders for menus as no one was coming to our table. Server was new and didn't know the menu when we had a couple questions. When she saw that I only ate a bite of my food, she didn't ask if there was anything wrong or how she could fix it. Big no no. I was a server for 5 years and you just know when something isn't right with your customers.   Drinks: Meh. I had the blackberry margarita, which tasted of only blackberry syrup. Needed to be cut with fresh lime juice.   We left with both of us wanting to throw up and head to the sauna to sweat out the salt. Seriously eating bad Chinese food and a bunch of sunflower seeds would still be less salt than this place.   Basically if you like suburb quality Mexican food that uses frozen and not fresh ingredients come here.~black beans chicken burrito 
Great dining experience with the food and service. The margaritas are tasty and the veggie burrito, in particular, is fantastic.~burrito, 
I went there for breakfast this morning and the food was great. I had the steak and eggs. The service and atmosphere were also good.~steak 
Went here Saturday afternoon around 1:30 and the place was dead.  It took forever to be waited on.  Once we ordered then we waited what seemed like a very long time to get our food.  The food was not edible.  The black beans were chalky and cold and had a funny flavor.  They serve the Chimichanga with rice and beans on the outside and on the inside.  I ordered a chicken Chimichanga but all that was in it was rice and beans and not very good rice and beans either!    I ordered a classic margarita and it was good but it's about a 4 ounce glass and cost $7.  Get real!!!!  The inside is really nice (just like Smoke Que and Brew) but the service and the food suck!  I will not go back for a second try to this place.  I would have had anyone working there really cared about anything but they did not.  They didn't even have the Illini game on until we asked them to turn it on.~black beans chicken 
I was so anxious for this place to open and when it did I was thoroughly impressed! I work and live nearby so having a place to eat good Mexican food is a must!   The menu is just great.  Lets talk drinks first.  I'm definitely a margarita lover so having Cabo's wide selection was awesome! Instead of regular sour mix they make fresh lime juice and organic agave nectar! How cool! The Roasted Blackberry and Basil Margarita by far is delicious. This combo goes great together.  However, my personal favorite is the Platinum Margarita. Instead of Triple sec, this one calls for a high quality and tasty ingredient called Grand Marnier--it makes the flavor so much better!  So food. To start off, the chips and salsa must be good at a Mexican place, and this place surely scores a 10 by me! The stuffed poblano is really what hits the spot for me, but I do love a good taco! And this is definitely the place for that!  Overall this place is a winner for me. Everyone is so nice, food is great, and the drinks are awesome! I really can't wait for warm weather so the patio is open!~lime chips salsa poblano taco! 
Very nice golf courses,  the front 9 are killers. A bucket of golf balls will run you $9.  The clubhouse has good wraps and burgers for lunch and is open to the public for dinner.  They have all you can eat fish on Fridays. The food is okay,  but the bar is better.~wraps burgers 
La Maison Du Patriote is your home away from home, with one exception: it's a crazy party home over the weekends (the home every teenager dreams of). The first thing you notice as you walk up the stairs to the hostel is the homey atmosphere of the place. It actually feels like a home - the tiny kitchen with the wooden cupboards and drawers, the "chill room" with the musical instruments, and curtains just hanging in the 22 bed dorm. The place is kept very clean and tidy.   The crowd of people who stay there were also pretty awesome. Some people were playing the instruments, others were playing card games, while others were cooking up delicious meals. It's a great place to meet some people to chill out and/or to explore the city together.   The staff were also very friendly and approachable. They don't actually have 24hr reception there though, but they leave instructions in front of the door so you can get in the house any time of the day.    The hostel was located right in the heart of the Old Port of Montreal, where most of the tourist attractions there. The Old Port is a gorgeous place to wander about at night.   One bad thing is that the Internet was extremely slow when I was there (and it didn't work half the time), but this is something they may have fixed since then. There is also a pretty decent coffee shop down the road with Internet, so it's really not a big deal.~coffee 
Best  pizza crust in Vegas! The service was fast, friendly and orderly. Ordered the Canadian bacon with pineapple toppings, just as great as every time I've eaten. Also ordered the side Caesar salad and Mac and cheese. yum o. recommend for tasty fast food in between the gambling and movies.~pizza bacon pineapple salad mac and cheese 
Ah, Sbarro: the mainstay of every mall or food court since I can remember. With their large pizzas, variety of sides, and large drinks, how can you not like this place?  On my last trip here, I came with some friends to get some food in our systems before/during/after beers. We all three ordered the meal which consisted of a slice of pizza, a delicious side, and a drink. In my case, I got a pepperoni pizza, toasted mini potatoes, and a Pepsi. I should mention that they had like 5 different kids of pizza ready to serve up (pepperoni, ham/pineapple, cheese, sausage, jalapeno, stuffed...) which they warm up for you really quickly before serving it. As for the quality of my pizza? It was good. It was nothing to write home about, but it was good. I think the crust was kinda bland, but otherwise I was happy with it. The little potatoes they served me were pretty good, too. My friends ordered the pasta on the side, and they were happy with their food selections as well. As a matter of fact, they were happy enough with their sides that they ate them before the pizza and said it was a 5-star meal, though I was erring on the side of 3. (Thus the four-star rating)  Service here is always pretty quick and simple. Prices are ok (I paid like 7.80 for the meal, which is pretty good for the amount of food!) I'll keep coming back here when I'm in the Texas, for sure!~pizza pepperoni pizza 
Okay, to be honest, I don't like Giant Eagle in general. I think it's an enormous rip off, and I do not shop here for my usual grocery hauls. However, this Giant Eagle is right by my house, so whenever I need to run to the store for a random item or two (usually 2-4x per month), this is where I go.   This Giant Eagle is very clean, well stocked, and has a very good selection. Their bakery, sushi, already prepared foods (like rotisserie chickens), salad bar, and wine selection are really nice. They also offer a lot of items that I have a hard time finding at other stores (a certain yogurt, bread, etc.)   The employees at this location are split about 50/50. Half are nice and/or competent, and the other half are either rude and/or don't know what they are doing. For example, I was in there one day in the 12 items or less line, and this lady was trying to buy individual clementines. The cashier said they didn't sell individual clementines and wondered where she got them. Two other employees were also there (one was checking out, and another was from the self checkout area), and no one knew where these clementines were from. So theyre just holding up the already long line trying to figure it out when I informed them that they're the free ones that are for kids while parents are shopping. I hardly even come here and I knew that, lol. Really? Three employees had no clue?   Another time I called to place a cake order, and apparently it was a real inconvenience to the bakery lady who was super rude evvvery step of the process. But whatever, the white cake with the satin (whipped) frosting from GE is so delicious that I'm willing to put up with rude employees to get it.   But, I'll still give this location 4 stars because it's not a bad store, it's clean, and they're always stocked. The prices are a rip off, and they could use more cashiers, especially during busy times- but what grocery store doesn't have that problem. The parking also sucks because all of the people are whipping in and out of the parking lot in their luxury vehicles going to and from Crocker Park, Giant Eagle, and all the other shops in the vicinity, but if you like to live on the edge, it's not too big of a deal.~sushi, salad cake white cake 
I had a relative staying in an extended stay residence up the street from this Giant Eagle, so I ended up shopping here quite a bit over several months.  On the plus side, it is larger than many of the other Giant Eagles and, since it has more space, offers a better selection of many items than you get at the smaller stores.  It also carries more of certain items like prepared foods, sushi, wine, candy by the pound, and bakery than the Giant Eagles closer to Cleveland - I'm guessing this is due to its location in a more affluent suburb where people are more likely to spend on these products.  It also has more floor space devoted to seasonal items such as local sports memorabilia and (at Christmas time) Christmas ornaments, so I have found some interesting things to buy other than food here.   On the minus side, the store layout is not very user-friendly.  Upon entering the store you have to navigate the large bakery, prepared food, wine and seasonal sections before you even get to the food.  I realize this is to encourage you to spend on these items but if you go in specifically to get a can of beans or a package of meat, it's a pain having to walk about a half mile just to get to standard food items.  The food aisles also don't go all the way through the store front to back.  Instead the aisle is divided in half by another aisle and different products are placed on the two halves of the aisle.  This has made it very hard for me to find things several times.   The store also seems to have way too much useless junk for sale, such as cheap children's toys and books.  Finally, this store always seems to have uniformed security guards hanging around prominently, making me wonder what is going on at this location to make that necessary, as I go to several Giant Eagles located closer to Cleveland and do not see this kind of "security presence" at any of them unless the police have been specifically called to deal with some incident.  Since Westlake does not seem like a high crime area (in fact the opposite) I have to wonder why 1-2 uniformed security men are needed at this particular store.~sushi, 
I like some of their sushi and a lot of their specials are good.  But their normal prices are high - at the level of Heinens, but lower quality, much worse service and it takes twice as long to shop there due to its size and layout.~sushi 
I stumbled in here in a drunken haze one Monday evening. Its quite a large, sprawling bar which is nice enough. As the name suggests it is an Irish bar and popular with the many Irish in Edinburgh.  Its located on a side street off the Grassmarket, I probably couldn't find it sober to be honest. I like the quirky little barrels for tables and such like.  My poor friend and I had been in a cheap little bar on the Cowgate where it was a pound a drink (my round, score!). Then we came in here and it was his round, unlucky for him. Vodka and coke and JD and coke came to just over £6. Poor guy was in shock! So a little expensive. But its quite fun and it has a good atmosphere with friendly bar staff. For future reference they do a student night on Wednesday, so go then for the cheap drinks!~coke coke 
Worse than a grade school cafeteria canned food. Only bright spot... it is definitely low salt.  French toast was mushy and nasty.  Coffee smelled burnt... but had no taste. Asked non coffee drinking husband to try and he agreed.  No matter the coupon... not worth the meal.~french toast coffee coffee 
My wife and I both ordered the rib eye steak dinner for $10.99.  It came with a choice of soup or salad (we chose the salad with a delicious Greek house dressing), giant baked potato and mixed vegetables (out of a can), and free dessert (choice of ice cream or rice pudding - we chose rice pudding and brought it home.  The steaks were slightly over-cooked and not great, but not bad, smothered in onions and mushrooms (out of a can).  The baked potatoes were the highlight of the meal.  Luna's is an old-fashioned kind of restaurant, not very busy on a Saturday night.  Good service (she forgot the dinners rolls, but got them immediately when we asked) and very good value.  We will be back.~steak salad ( salad baked potato 
Food is bland. Reminds me of hospital food. chicken soup was a big bowl  but truly had only one small cube of chicken in it. Vegetables have been reheated multiple times resulting in the peas being hard as rocks. Mashed potatoes were "instant."  Coffee is good. Waitress was nice and kept refilling my coffee. I won't go back, however.~chicken chicken peas instant. coffee coffee. 
This place was fine for breakfast, the greek scramble was tasty and hearty. Nice owners, very fast (even curt) servers but overall friendly enough. Don't expect gourmet and you won't be disappointed. Decor is about three decades out of date though. Not sure why some reviewers are so down on this place.~date 
This place used to be Five Points Deli & Restaurant, I don't know if it was an ownership change or just a name change.  I'm not considering this a full review, since we just stopped in here for dessert and coffee.  I'll have to come back for an actual MEAL, and do more of a review then.  3 of us ordered desserts (2 slices of cake, one of the apple pie).  Received ginormous portions (especially of the cake, 3 of us could split one slice of that).  Everything was tasty, but not made on-premises (I actually think I saw packaging from Sam's in the dessert case on the way out).  Decent value for the money.  This area doesn't have many options if you've got the taste for dessert (other than ice cream) and don't want to whip up some brownies.  Food I saw on other tables all looked pretty good.  Pleasant server, decent "diner-style" ambiance.  Pretty extensive menu, especially for breakfast.  Spotless bathroom.  I'll have to swing by here soon.  I think the Corned Beef Hash is calling out to me!~coffee. cake, apple pie) cake, ice cream) beef 
Stopped in here Mother's Day for breakfast because every other place was packed. Don't usually come here for the same reasons mentioned in other reviews about service, cleanliness, etc. Again, got the same put out attitude from the servers and slimy table top near the kitchen. The big thing that got me this time was as the wife and I sat there waiting for our food, one of the bus boys who was apparently on his break and looked to be one of the owners relatives, reached over our table to grab some ketchup to put on HIS plate of eggs! He was in clear view and in the way of the service traffic. Nobody that worked there said a word to this oaf as he chowed down! We just looked at each other and laughed in disbelieve! Good thing we don't use ketchup on our eggs! The funniest thing was after we got our food the the tide of people that came in behind us must have overwhelmed them! The staff looked horrified like they didn't expect this much overflow on Mother's Day or capable of handling it! Only got one refill of coffee in this panicked frenzy of pisses off staff and patrons! As we left the owner took our money with a smile as if he was oblivious to the chaos going on behind him! Wow! Last time, no more!~coffee 
Must have the Luna's Corned Beef sandwich.... Amazing.~beef sandwich.... 
My husband and I were out for a Sunday drive when we spotted this restaurant and decided to stop for dinner.  After a quick visit to the clean restroom, we were greeted and seated immediately.  Three menus appeared...  Daily specials, breakfast menu, and the full menu.  We chose to go to the dinner route.  Our waitress could not have been more helpful.  On her recommendation, we both chose the fried chicken dinner.  It was crunchy, slightly sweet, and oh so good!  It came with potato, rolls, corn, and either soup or salad.  I had the Italian wedding soup which was delicious.... Not heavy on celery taste, although clearly there was celery added.  Dinner comes with a scoop of ice cream for dessert, if you like.  We felt lucky to find this place.  Our waitress was so attentive, never missing a beat.  If we lived closer, we would definitely be back!~fried chicken 
Found Luna's through Yelp and glad we did. Great service and quality food at low prices. The parking lot was full but we didn't have a long wait. Hubs ordered biscuits and gravy with eggs which he scarfed down. I had a denver omlette bagel sandwich which was delicious. So glad we stopped.~sandwich 
I had the chicken noodle soup which was the strangest tasting I've ever had. The fish fry was extremely greasy as well. The staff wasn't very friendly and as I was leaving I noticed that all of the bakery in the display case was purchased from WalMart..~chicken 
Glad we went back a second time -- for all the wrong reasons!  First visit, owner could not have been friendlier, server was attentive & friendly, my AYCE cod dinner came with delicious lentil soup & canned or frozen corn, french fries were good, wife's sandwich was decent if not memorable, kitchen did a good job in getting orders out, restrooms were clean, dining area was orderly.  But the second trip -- had the fried cod dinner again, and there was something N-O-T Q-U-I-T-E R-I-G-H-T about it, tartar sauce wasn't even fully mixed, in place of the corn I had mixed (ugh!) veggies, french fries almost soggy, rice pudding had a liberal dose of cinnamon but it was still thin and tasteless, owner too busy on a personal phone call to say hello.  The good news -- our server was excellent, the kitchen got orders out quickly again, the rest rooms still clean, the dining room still neat and orderly.  the lentil soup was still quite good.  Weren't there for breakfast, but their breakfast menu looks good, with eggs, omelettes, waffles, skillets, etc.   Go east or west on Route 82 for some better options.~corn, french fries 
Horrific food, horrific service. We had a frozen burger and a wilted salad of iceburg lettuce that was way over seasoned. The waitress brought the check before the food and didn't check on us again. Obviously prepared food with shortcuts. I am very disappointed.~burger salad lettuce 
I walked in and first of all it smelled like mold and i smelled the bathrooms from the front door. The wait was short, however, the server almost didn't notice that I was there. it seemed like there was no host to seat me. The server asked politely, if i would like a table or booth. I asked for a booth. I was seated and the server, asked, what can i get you to drink. I ordered my drink and the server left. As I am drinking my pop, the server finally brings me the menu and leaves again. As I am looking at the menu I noticed there were family members of the owner/manager (maybe), helping out in which I thought was cute? But kind of weird! I thought that it was sweet that a family business was helped by togetherness of family members. As I am waiting for the server to return  to take my order I noticed that some of the tables were dirty and the floor was sticky. It seemed  that the tables were not properly wiped off. The server finally came back to take my order, i ordered the corn beef and fries instead of cabbage  and a salad with oil and vinegar then hums as an appetizer. I sat and waited for my order for about 15-20 minutes. The owner/manager was walking around helping out his family members. That's a good owner/manager helping out. The server brought out the salad with the dressings. I notice that the dressing  bottle was very dirty, The rest of the food came out all at once instead of the appetizer first. The hummus did not taste like hummus. The hummus was very tasteless. The corn beef was bland and the carrots tasted like  they came from a can from the store. The fries tasted as if they were prefrozened  and prepared from a bag instead of fresh. After looking at the dessert i remember seeing the brand of cake sold at walmart... not fresh.~corn beef 
For some reason, even though there were only a few tables with diners, our waitress seated us right by the kitchen. She kept coming over and rushing us to make a decision.  When I say rushing I mean like every minute or so.   Seriously.   The Chicken Noodle Soup looked like glorified boxed soup.  The salad had lettuce that was starting to rust.  Someone must really like onions because there were 7 large slices of red onion on it.  But, here is the best part was the dressing came in a squeeze package like the ones at fast food places.  The meatloaf was horrible but strangely the mashed potatoes were good.  The fried chicken was OK. They make it with honey so chicken is very sweet and not something I'd eat again.  The fries were typical frozen french fries but were OK.    If the food wasn't disappointing enough, all of the servers had bad attitudes and it showed.  We could hear all the talk from the kitchen since we were so close.  It is obvious no one wants to be there.  They don't care about the quality of their food or service. Now we know why the parking lot was almost empty on a Friday night.  We will not be back for another try.   Someone should write to Robert Irvine.  Maybe him and Restaurant Impossible can help.  Or, maybe not.~chicken salad lettuce onion fried chicken 
Gross, dirty, poor service, and crappy food to boot! Will never come back to this garbage "restaurant". The waitress was rude and seem annoyed that I brought children to eat with me. The charged me for a glass of water if you can imagine. My sandwich was soggy as were the fries. Avoid this place!~sandwich fries. 
We have been twice and more than happy both times.  Typical convenient store, with a nice hot kitchen with plenty to choose from... Pizza by the slice, whole pizzas, chicken, subs, etc.  First trip: we each had the Italian sub (hot) and split an order of chicken tenders & jojos.  The Italian subs were great!  We were more than impressed.  For an Italian sub, it was as good as it gets.  The jojos were decent... Good size, ok flavor.  The tenders left much to be desired... Too bland for our liking.  Second trip: we each had the Italian subs (of course!) and split a snack pack (4 whole wings & 2 jojos).  the subs, they were as good as the first time!  These subs are probably 8", not the biggest but, big enough and with great flavor!  The jojos were as they were the first time but the wings were delicious!  Much more flavor then the tenders.  On our next trip, we'll go for a mixed bucket of chicken for sure!~pizza chicken, chicken chicken 
Good pizza whether you order or are on the go. You can't beat the 4.99 lunch special. Great subs, hot or cold.~pizza 
A convenient store with a good hot kitchen. You can either order a pizza or sub or you can take advantage of their hot and ready pizza by the slice. There is a sign on the deli cooler that says if you spend $20 in groceries you get a free pizza. I'm not sure if that's for any grocery items in the store or only items from the deli.   I have been going here for years and there have been a lot of different employees over the last 10 years. I have never had a bad customer experience at this location though. The staff is always very friendly. Especially for some of the people they put up with on a daily basis since this place isn't in the best area.   I do highly recommend this place for the pizza by the slice if you aren't too uppity to visit a store in a low income area. There are some sketchy looking characters around sometimes but nobody has ever bothered me in the 10 years I've been going there. Everybody just minds their own business and moves on just as it should be.   So stop by and grab a few slices of pizza and don't forget to get a Cold Classic Glass Bottled Coke to go with it.~pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza coke 
Chapman's is a nice little convenience store in a neighborhood across from a boarded up house in Lorain.  The two people I've encountered working there are the friendliest people you'll meet. The young man is the cashier and the older lady works the kitchen. They make a great team.  The kitchen serves up hot, made to order pizzas (also available by the slice), subs, fried chicken, and jojos at very reasonable prices!  Fellow Yelper, Darren R has been raving about the delicious Fiery Gauntlet sub for a while and he has reason to because that sammich and the Italian sub I've tried have been really tasty!  They come loaded with savory deli meat and cheese sliced fresh in house with fresh, crisp lettuce, tomato, and onion finished with a smidgen of creamy Italian dressing, nicely toasted on a seasoned hoagie roll...all for around $4-$5.49.   I've had the pizza by the slice and it's pretty good at $1.69 for one slice or $2.99 for two slices!  You can order a whole pizza any way you'd like it too. The fried chicken looked really fresh and juicy also. Maybe I'll give they a try next time after I'm off my clean eating kick.  This last visit was a cheat meal, I swear!~fried chicken 
We came in because it looked like it was small mom and pop restaurant. There was a family and 2 other couples there.  It's a small space.  Prices are reasonable.  Home cooked style meals.  We ordered an entree of steak, calamari, and grilled cod.  There are several sides to order from.  We thought it was a good meal.  Prices were reasonable.~steak, 
Rhum Corner was closed so we walked on and found this place! It was empty, but we sat down anyways. We were starved. We ordered the fish cakes and shrimp patties- for starters. They were fresh and delicious. Piping hot, I tell ya. We were stuffed before our quarter chicken dinners came. But when they arrived, hot with fresh veggies and rice...not to forget the grilled chicken, our greedy sides kicked in and we dug in. It truly is very very good food. I felt like I had a really good home cooked meal. I had leftovers to take home. Don't go in here if you are on a strict diet, that is not going to stick! Haha~shrimp chicken chicken, 
I was lost somewhere around Queen street in a snowstorm with a gurgling, uneasy feeling in my stomach when I came across this place. All it took was the words "Churrasqueira" on the sign to convince me to step inside and abandon my plans of going to the gym. I'd never heard of a Churrasqueira before, but it sounded kinda like "Carniceria," which always means good food.  I parked my bike in front of a be-toqued hobo and crossed the threshold. This place is the real deal. Boisterous olive skinned people (the Portugese?) conversed loudly with each other across piles of chicken and glasses of red wine. A baba-from-the-old-country-looking lady sat in a corner, monologuing to a group men standing around in jackets and scarves. Everyone seemed like they belonged here, like they either worked for the place or were related to someone who did. Some hilarious over-the-top foreign soap opera played in the corner, unwatched.  About the time when I was starting to feel out of place, this sweet girl behind the counter grabbed my attention and set me at ease with a good old "hi there, let me know if you have any questions!" I ended up ordering the half chicken special, the words leaving my mouth slow and gummy due to the fact that my lips were still frozen. I'd hoped I made a good first impression, because this girl became my rock. Within two minutes of stepping into this place I felt like I had been dropped into another country and I was gonna need a friend.  Initially, I had planned to grab the food and go, but the ambience was so pleasant that I decided to stay, even if that meant eating dinner in a restaurant by myself while being scrutinized by locals. I pulled out this new neuroscience book that I'd been hoping to read and got to work on it; waitress girl brought out some bread and butter. Ahhhh yeaa, I was gonna make of night of this.  Before I knew it, the chicken dinner arrived. The thing was huge, one of those classic big Italian dinner plates piled high with salad, spherical potatoes, chicken, and dipping sauce. It was truly the biggest pile of food I'd ever seen at a restaurant in Toronto.  The chicken was fantastic. Rubbed with salt and some interesting combination of spices. It was totally worth breaking this week-long vegetarian streak I'd been on. The potatos, too, were remarkable: salty, roasty, and inherently satisfying. However, the best part of the dish was the piri piri sauce. This stuff (which waitress girl later informed me was handmade made in house), had the perfect balance of heat, acidity, and flavor. It also had a fair bit of creaminess that really rounded out the flavor of the potatoes.  All too soon, the chicken was gone and I was stuffed. I felt truly good. Not even the thought of having to bike through the snow could put a damper on my chicken-fortified spirit. I'd had a good meal, made some progress on this book, and found a cool new place to eat where I felt welcome. I think the waitress even called me cute at the end there. Ahh yeaa.~olive chicken chicken butter. chicken salad, potatoes, chicken, chicken potatoes. chicken chicken- 
Hidden gem?  Maybe, maybe not... Tasty and good value?  Definitely!  This completely unassuming super authentic Portuguese place is located in currently trendifying and hipsterfying part of Dundas West between Bathurst and Ossington.  Decor is minimal with a TV.  Expect to see lots of Portuguese families in this casual, casual joint.  The FOOD was all decent with some hits and misses.  The grouper was quite tasty, although we weren't sure that it was actually grouper.  The half chicken was probably the best dish of the night and came with a delightfully spicy dipping sauce.  The steak, which I ordered medium rare,  was served on the well done side of well done; however, the flavor was actually good.  I don't get why places ask about steak temperatures if it's not going to make a difference anyway.  Fries were pretty limp.  SERVICE was friendly and very casual.  Definitely not a place to come if you're in a rush.  The food took a long time to come out, but the free bread and olives helped with the wait.    OVERALL. the VALUE is good.  Most of the entrees are in the $8-$13 range.  Drinks are fairly reasonable as well.  It doesn't quite rate as a hidden gem, but I'll call it a hidden cubic zirconium.~chicken steak, steak fries 
Wir waren gestern mit einem Daily Gutschein da und waren sehr positiv überrascht.Das Steak war sehr lecker,auch die Beilagen.Der Service war auch sehr nett.Wir werden auf jeden Fall wiederkommen.  Wir waren rundum zufrieden.~steak 
Das Steak-Restaurant Montero* hat im September 2009 in Stuttgart-Schönberg eröffnet und ist eine echte Bereicherung für den Süden Stuttgarts.    Erstaunlich, was man aus der Sportlerkneipe des TSV Birkach zaubern konnte! Schöne Steakhaus-Atmosphäre, gemütlich dunkel (Lederstühle, dunkle Tische, z. T. Täfelung), aber dennoch modern, fast ein wenig stylish!    Service tadellos, zuvorkommend, freundlich. Wir haben sogar einen Schnaps auf Kosten des Hauses bekommen.    Und das Essen: Sehr gutes Fleisch von südamerikanischen Rindern, genau richtig gegrillt. Dazu leckere Kartoffelecken. Auch der Baked Potato am Nebentisch sah gut aus, ebenso der gemischte Salat und der Beilagenspinat. Und das Erstaunliche: sehr humane Preise (z. B. 180 gr-Steak für 11 EUR). Außerdem auf der Speisekarte: Fisch und Meeresgetier, Vegetarisches, sogar Maultaschen und ein paar weitere schwäbische Zugeständnisse.    Große Sonnenterrasse, schöner Spielplatz für Kinder, ausreichend Parkplätze vor dem Haus. Sogar eine Kegelbahn gibt es. Für Gruppen lässt sich ein Teil des Restaurants abteilen.    Absolut empfehlenswert!    *früher Im Ramsbachtal, noch früher Da Franco~steak- baked potato 
war mit einem DailyDeal Gutrschin rund 50km weit mit meiner Frau angereist. Muss sagen, es hat sich wirklich gelohnt. Argentinisches Steak, auf den Punkt gegrillt! So muß es sein! Beilagenteller sehr vielfältig, mit Gemüse und auch noch einen knackigen Salatteller dazu. Sehr freundliches Personal, hat immer wieder um einen gekümmert, aber nicht aufdringlich...~steak, 
Es ist schon eine Weile her seit wir im Mon Tero waren. Auch wir hatten einen Gutschein von Groupon oder Dailydeal für Steaks mit Beilagen.  Man kann wirklich sagen: vereinsheim von außen nicht wirklich einladend, aber innen sehr liebevoll zu einem schönen steakhouse-restaurant umgebaut. Leider ist der Gastraum sehr ausladend und wirkt schnell ungemütlich, wenn nicht viele Gäste da sind Das Essen war super  v.a. für den Preis. Die reguläre Speisekarte klingt ansprechend und weist saisonbedingte Sepzialitäten aus. Die Preise sind für die Qualität fair. Die Bedienung war unaufdringlich, jedoch aufmerksam. Das Ambiente ist gemütlich, nicht zu lachs aber auch nicht zu steif.  Wir kommen bestimmt wieder~steaks 
Ich wurde durch einen Angebotsflyer auf das neue Mon Tero in Schönberg aufmerksam. Es liegt am Rande des Stadtteils direkt an Wald und Wiesen des Ramsbachtals. Gestern (29.3.10) entschloss ich mich sponatan mit Begleitung das Restaurant aufzusuchen. Es liegt nur ca. 20 Gehminuten von S-Hoffeld entfernt. Das Gebäude gehört wohl irgendwie zum TSV Birkach der dort diverse Sport-stätten betreibt. Vermutlich war es mal die Vereinsgastätte. Überbleibsel finden sich in der teilweise übernommenen Inneneinrichtung wieder u.a. (hellbraune Holztische)  Es gibt einen Tresen und ausreichende Sitzmöglichkeiten die den heutigen An-sprüchen angepasst wurden. Trotz allem blitzt das Sportlerheimambiente durch, dem sollte sich jeder Besucher bewusst sein. Zum Essen: Das Angebot (bis 1.4.10 nur Mo/Di/Do) versprach 200g frisches Filet-Steak mit Beilagensalat für 15 EUR pro Person ! Der (gemischte) Salat wurde vorab auf einem kleinen Teller mit Dressing serviert.  Er überzeugte durch seine Frische, kein Billigkraut aus dem 10-Liter-Eimer, bis auf die Gurkenscheiben, die wohl schon länger aufgeschnitten rumlagen. Das Steak wurde kurz drauf aufgetischt. Garniert mit einem großen Salatblatt, ein kleines Stück Kräuterbutter und Danke der Küche eine Portion Kartoffelecken ;-) Das Steak war nicht ganz nach meinem Wunsch gebraten, was ich aber nicht reklamierte. Es war sehr schmackhaft, zart innen und aussen lecker kroß angebraten. Wirklich sehr gute Qualität. Fazit: Gutes Essen zu angemessenem Preis, sehr freundliche und nicht aufdringliche Bedienung. Ein Besuch ist lohnenswert. Tipp: Bei der Platzwahl nicht in Tresennähe  mich haben die Sportler und ihre lauten Unterhaltungen genervt ;-) Schönberg rüstet auf !!~sport- steak steak steak 
Ich wurde durch die Seite DailyDeal auf dieses Restaurant aufmerksam. Zum Essen gabe es ein argentinisches Steak mit Salatbüffet und Beilage. Da wir zu viert waren, hatte uns der Kellner angeboten einen großen Beilagenteller zu machen. Das war echt eine super idee. Viel Auswahl und auch vollkommen ausreichen.    Wir sind definitiv ohne Hunger aus dem Restaurant rausgegangen und haben einen schönen Abend verbracht, mit sehr nettem Personal. Das Essen war echt super und das Steak war so wie es sein muss.    Nur zu empfehlen und auf jeden Fall ein Besuch wert ;-)~steak steak 
I've had a tough time finding steak around this area that compares with what I'm used to having back home. Finally found one! It can be a bit on the pricy side, but that's to be expected for a place like this. When I'm looking to go out for steak, I'll be going here from now on! FYI -  Its off the beaten path on the edge of a neighborhood where you would least expect to find a restaurant.~steak steak, 
Steak (englisch) und Steak (Medium) waren perfekt. Die Beilagen sind relativ klein  vor allem die Kräuterbutter. Das Restaurant kann trotz liebevoller Gestaltung und Ausstattung seine Ursprung als Vereins-Gaststätte leider nicht ganz verbergen. Dafür hat man aber sehr viel Platz zwischen den Tischen. Wichtige Info: nur Barzahlung möglich!~steak ( steak ( 
Bin über eine Empfehlung auf das Restaurant aufmerksam geworden. Habe dann im Internet einen Gutschein für 20EUR anstatt 45EUR für zwei Personen Steak mit Beilage gefunden und bin dann gestern miit nem Kumple da essen gegangen.    Also muss sagen, war voll auf zufrieden, es gab gute Parkmöglichkeiten, was ich persönlich sehr wichtig finde, da ich echt kein Bock hab da ewig zu suchen oder zu laufen.    Das Ambiente was auch angemessen, also schöne Dekoration und so im Süd-Amerika Stil, neue Möbel usw.    Zur Vorspeise gab es ein üppiges Salatbuffet, mit vielen Salten unter anderen auch Rukula und Kartoffelsalat.    Die Steaks mit Beilage waren rießig und wie ich finde perfekt gebraten. Sie waren sehr groß und das Fleisch war zart und saftig. Meine Beilage, ich glaube es waren so dickere Pommes, war ok. Ich hätte sie lieber etwas knuspriger gehabt.    Die Bedienung war sehr freundlich.    Alles in allem ein sehr schönes und gutes Steak Restaurant welches auf jeden Fall ein Geheimtipp hier in der Umgebung ist.    Also wir werden sicherlich noch öfters hin gehen.~steak steaks steak 
The only good thing about this Sobeys is that it is open 24 hours. That being said, I went there at 2am on Friday night to get pizza and Gatorade.  Then I waited for 10 minutes at the only open cash. I asked the security guard what the deal was, and he replied "the checkout guy is in the bathroom". Ten minutes in the bathroom while you're the only guy working seems a bit ridiculous to me.   When the guy finally returned, of course I commented on how long myself and the others in line were waiting. He did not take kindly to this and actually grabbed my hand when returning my change and wouldn't let go. It was creepy and aggressive.   I was going to complain to Sobeys about this guy but I figure he's probably  got a criminal record and this is the only job he can get, so I'd feel bad if he was fired.   Maybe they should get a self-check out like Loblaws~pizza 
This is still a Sobey's, so for me it'll never tip to a five star, but I do have some nice things to add.   I bought scallops and salmon here, and their seafood selections are really pretty impressive. They have competitive lobster prices, which I plan on indulging in soon. They also have a "we boil while you shop" scenario which isn't for this east coast gal, but it seems like a really good option for many.   I'd also like to give props to their pre-made supper selections. So much more than dome chickens, check it out if you're in a pinch. Their Greek salad is especially delightful.~salmon salad 
Not quite A-OK, more like B-OK. Two and a half stars.  This is the worst store for selling products after the best-before date.  I slipped up yesterday (June 30/15) and brought home yogurt from there that was best before May 30/15.  Normally I am very careful because of the many, many times I've seen (and removed and/or pointed out) past due products on their shelves.  I've shopped here almost every day since 1996 because of the convenient location, the GREAT staff, and the pretty fairly priced, well stocked products.  I know they'd give me a refund if I'd kept my receipt but who needs the hassle of bringing stuff back ,,, and because of a perfectly avoidable error on their part?~date. 
The only thing I like about this store is that it's open 24 hours. They have fresh butter croissants and chocolate danishes every morning. During holidays, they usually have a manager's sale.  The freshness and quality of their produce can certainly be better.~butter 
For a while, I never came here.  I didn't feel the pull; I was more familiar with other nearby grocery stores.  Fast forward to today - I now really enjoy shopping at Sobey's.  As a parent of little ones, I'm so grateful that they have this Free Fresh Fruit for Kids deal near the front entrance, by the produce.  Shopping for groceries is one of the dullest things to put a young kid through, and this treat they offer to all kids (12 and under) is a joy in keeping both myself, the kids, and fellow shoppers, happy.  The prices, in general, are fair.  Sale prices can be good!  (Love their deals on almond milk, sometimes 2 cartons for $7; or Haagen Daaz for $4.99).   Freshness is similar to what you'd expect to find.  Air Miles collectors will appreciate earning 1 point for every $20 spent.  Spending $40 or more will currently get you a receipt offering .04 cents off a litre of gas at a Shell gas station, although there's a gas station with competitively priced gas (we're talking about savings similar to that at Costco's).  We come here with our dog, put him near the large front windows, where I can shoot a glance his way as I shop.  There is a lovely woman who works within this Sobey's.  She is a true dog person with a gold heart.  I've seen her come out to say Hi to our little guy more than once.  Met her by first name today.  I love seeing this genuine, caring side in people.  There was another time where the person who was restocking on some Haagen Daaz ice cream, opened a new case of ice cream, just to provide me with a very frozen container.  It wasn't easy to get to.  This gesture was appreciated.  I'm finding that people who work here are just lovely, real people.  Nice people.  Funny how they have products that link up to famous chefs, like Jamie Oliver, and a few others (see their pesto, pasta sauce, and frozen food sections) to other chefs that are famous but that I can't think of by name right now.  Yes, I certainly will go again.  Yes, I definitely recommend for people to try this Sobey's out.  I'm into health foods, and Sobey's image is meant for mainstream types.  Still, I like passing by this place with my kids, who have good associations with this Sobey's.  Ha, as my dog probably does, too.~almond milk, ice cream, ice cream, pasta 
This place is not the best. One star for being open 24 hours, one more for being reasonably clean.  Beyond that, the prices of basics are very high. I paid 4.99 for a carton of milk that is 3.63 at no frills. I paid 4.07 for an orange juice that is 2.97 at no frills.  Also, I waited in the Express Lane behind a woman who had no less than 50 items. When I went to the other lane, I encountered being behind the people who had items that wouldn't scan and also had items with no price.  Not again.~milk 
Sobeys as a whole is a terrible company .. over priced product and poor produce.. this location I frequent out of lazy Ness as its near my house .. but their sushi gets made in the morning and it's still for sale at regular price at 4 am .. that isn't right .. a lot of expired foods at this place ..  very over priced~sushi 
I go there for the coffee and the atmosphere. It is very nicely appointed and the coffee is great. Plus free wi-fi which they really don't advertise too much.~coffee coffee 
Not the best Gelato I have had. Nope. Its okay for a hot summer day but it wasn't like I am craving it or anything. Nothing like Frost in Tucson, although they do carry the flavor Striciatella. The chocolate with hazelnut was okay, except there were hardly any hazelnuts in it. The chocolate was okay too but there were no chocolate shavings in it either....It tastes more like regular ice cream than gelato, so don't know if I care for it that much. The place is hip and cool though. The scoops are way small than Frost size servings. The owner was there and apparently they make all their stuff right on site. I asked her if she had yogurt too and she said that sometimes they make it but its so hard to make so she tends to be lazy on that part. Nice people though. Will take friends here.~ice cream 
Ok I've only ever had the gelato here, although they do have a small dessert case filled with cupcakes and cake slices  However, their gelato is so good, why get anything else?  A small with two scoops is $3 Not too shabby!  My favorite flavor is strawberry with chocolate gelato.  It's like eating chocolate covered strawberries.... yum!!!~cupcakes cake 
Each season my boy wait for this spot to open! They never fail us! The snow is always so fine that it literally melts in your mouth. There are so many different combinations of flavors that you can use to crest your own. You can add ice cream or cream to your snow cone as well. The employees are always happy! This place is always jamming which is always a good sign. Be sure to get your lunch card to earn your free snow cone! AMAZINGLY GOOD!~ice cream 
This is a great little "shack" in a gas station parking lot. It's really smooth shaved ice. There is a long list of flavors, including some relatively unique ones. You can mix flavors. You can also add ice cream on the bottom. The small size is pretty big. Prices are fair. Wait isn't long. All in all, it's a tasty treat, especially on hot Vegas days.~ice cream 
This small little shack is proof that great things can come in small sizes!  The shaved ice is extremely fine!  There are over 30 flavors to choose from, and multiple flavors can be added into the same cup!  This place is extremely generous with the syrup quantity too.  Feel free to save the, "We want more!  We want more!" in this case!   Most of the flavors are on the sweet side, so if you're not a fan I suggest grabbing a sugar free flavor or a sour flavor (the word sour will be in the name).  Don't forget to add the ice cream!  The only flavor offered is vanilla, but it is delicious and compliments most flavors (sour flavors not so much)!  The ice cream is very smooth and creamy.    By the way, this little shack is located in a gas station's parking lot.  If you're planning to drive away immediately after receiving your order, I suggest asking for your choice of size served in a bigger cup.  For example, I normally have my medium serving placed in the cup meant for a large serving.  The cups normally have 2-3 inches of shaved ice stacked above the rim, so this is a good option for busy-bodies like myself.  One last note, the staff definitely deserves recognition.  Every worker that I've come across during my visits is always wearing a smile and has a goofy personality that can make anyone smile.  That can't be easy after being cooped up for hours!  Much appreciated!  Will definitely keep coming back!~ice cream! ice cream 
My hubby and I both laughed at the idea of a snow cone trailer at a gas station when we first saw it in our neighborhood, but then we started noticing the long lines every day for it & I guess you could say curiosity got the best of us. Lol we decided to take our girls and try it and boy are we glad we did!!! It is beyond yummy!! It's not your average crunchy ice syrup-ey flavor all on the bottom snow cone we had both assumed it was. These are totally different! The ice literally melts away the moment it touches your mouth. It's very soft and smooth. A ton of flavors to mix and match plus you can add cream or ice cream to change it up even more!! It's definitely are favorite summer go to dessert!! Affordable and yummy!! Definitely give it a whirl we are sure glad we did! :)~ice cream 
I'm sorry but people who write reviews about the long lines & long waits need a reality check. This is a snow cone stand/truck at a gas station. And the fact that there is usually a long lines means that they are good!  Me & my family live in the area & stop by once a week. The ice is shaved really fine, not crushed & the prices are very reasonable. A small with ice cream & condensed milk is $4.75. And they accept cards too (iPad swiper). The ice is shave fresh, so it takes a little while for each one made. They have umbrellas to use while you wait bc they are technically a food truck & they can't have a sitting or shaded area by law (their license).   And you should be responsible for your own children in a gas station parking lot, not the workers.~ice cream & milk 
Love that they now have this location! A nice treat on the way home! The people are nice and love the punch cards! The flavors are great... Mango and piña colada yum! At first the ice was too big as I like shaved ice... But it grows on you and location, location, location!!!~mango 
My Kid loves this place and we've been here a few times since the weather turned over to the depths of hell.  Love the flavor choices and you can put ice cream in your cup along with your snowcone but the contrasting smooth ice cream and hard crunchy ice didn't work for me. (Tried to mix vanilla and their root beer for a root beer float and it didn't work)  2nd time through I just had root beer and it was delicious .   The daughter has only had Blue Rasberry and while she won't ever share with me I can speak to her Smurf blue lips and tounge when she finishes.  The only down side to the place is that they don't have ample parking or a bench to sit and eat your treats. I can trust my teenager enough not to get syrup all over the leather in my car but if you have young kids they will either be running around a parking lot amped up on Sugar or sitting in your vehicle making everything sticky.  Don't let that scare you. Its worth the risk and having to wipe down the interior of your vehicles.~ice cream ice cream 
My youngest saw this place and said he wanted to go.  Reluctantly I said okay (I'm not a huge fan of shaved ice).  This place is wonderful and paired with 110 degrees, it's heaven in a cup.  Prices I felt were great, especially for the sizes.  A small is more than enough of a serving and $2 if you don't add in ice cream or cream.  We have gone more than a couple of times since discovering it and will be going again in the future.~ice cream 
The staff are friendly. We came at 8:30 p.m. and it's posted that they close at 8. They weren't rude about rushing you to order. My two kids ordered a small. One penguin punch topped with cream and the other one pineapple with ice cream. I got a medium strawberry and coconut topped with cream. Awesome! Better than Bahama Bucks. Cheaper and taste better. Only con is you don't have a cool place to eat it. Enjoy!~pineapple ice cream. coconut 
My husband and I go to the Purple Penguin every time we go to Vegas. We love this place the staff is always friendly and the snowcones are the best. The ice is finely shaved and not crushed ice.    My favorite is red velvet and birthday cake with cream and ice cream. It is like birthday in your mouth. My husbands is Tigers Blood.     The prices are very reasonable and it is so nice you can use your debt or credit card.  We love the purple penguin!!!~cake ice cream. 
Little hole in the wall but the sushi was amazing! and so different!~sushi 
Kind of place that makes Lakewood a great place to live. Food decent and service is kind- kept coffee hot and didn't rush us.  Place is like a trip back in time - a classic 80 year old diner with mahogany panels everywhere. It's shaped so you don't feel crowded even though it's long and rectangular.  Years ago it was always too smoky but no longer thanks to smoking ban! CASH only.~coffee 
I love this place. It has that classic diner feel. The food is very good, comes out fast, and they give you a lot for the money. And speaking of money, the food is all cheap!  I usually get the breakfasts, and the corn beef hash is the best I have ever had. The other breakfast items I have tried are all great as well.~corn beef 
John's is a fixture in Lakewood and a great place to get some home cookin'.  You'll get good basics here-eggs, burgers, BLT's, etc.  I'm less sure of fancier grub here and that holds true for diners in general.  Love the old diner feel here.  This is a classic train car style diner with the long counter and booths.  Your coffee cup will never go empty and the service is almost always fast and friendly.~burgers, coffee 
I thought I'd never get to 500 reviews! Now that I finally have, I thought I'd review one of my favorite types of establishments -- a no-frills diner.  My mom, 2-year-old, and I dropped into John's on a Wednesday at 10:30. I was pleased at how quiet and drowsy it was inside, yet we still got greeted enthusiastically and the waitress tended to us right away. Something tells me that if we were to come in at the same time on a Saturday, it would have been packed, but we would have still been acknowledged and served in an efficient manner. It's just that type of place and seems to be run really smoothly.  Two things I was surprised about: their corned beef hash is, like, REAL. No crap out of a can (though I will always hold a special place in my heart for that salty gruel). It tasted great and came out fast. The second thing: they have a sign on the table boasting their own root beer made with cane sugar. I hate root beer, but that's pretty impressive.   My daughter had a short stack of blueberry hotcakes and we had more than half left over because they were huge and hearty. My mom requested that her omelette be made with egg whites only, and they did that with no problem.   The coffee wasn't AMAZING, but it was better than average, hot, and the refills kept coming. Our waitress was attentive without being intrusive.  Pretty much a great diner experience that I'll be sure to repeat in the near future!~beef egg coffee 
Once again it was great! Went there for breakfast today.  Spoke to John as I always do.  What a nice guy. I have been going there 32 years. I had the "John's omelette"  with mushrooms,cheese,tomato, onion, and hash browns-excellent! My son had the "crab meat omelette" he said it was great also. I can't believe all the breakfast selections, so many omelettes. So many choices and less $$ than all the others. You like home cooking? Go to John's diner, that cozy at home feeling.~mushrooms, cheese, tomato, onion, 
Ah John's.....this is a good ol' classic car diner. Much of the inside is original - booths, counter, stools, hat racks, etc. Food is good, standard diner fare. Nothing outstanding but still solid. My friend says their pancakes are the best she's ever had. I've never had them as I'm not much of a pancake eater, but she's a connoisseur so I'll take her word for it. As for cleanliness - I've definitely eaten in cleaner joints. I've never been in the bathroom, not even sure if they have one. Also, I wouldn't look at the floor if I were you...  The reason John's gets 4 and not 3, is they have what I call a great 'diner waitress'. A great diner waitress is somebody who is very efficient, never misses anything, and always keeps your coffee hot. She calls you 'hun' or 'sweetie' but it somehow isn't patronizing like it is when other people say it. Don't know her name and she's very young but she is great and is always there.   John's is a classic type place - looks rough on the outside, not too far behind on the inside, but will serve you up a good, hot meal quickly and cheaply.  Oh, yeah - CASH ONLY.~pancakes coffee 
John's is like stepping back in time ... in all the best ways! The food is simple but well-prepared. The portions are generous. The service is friendly and attentive. And the prices, well, unbelievably easy on your wallet. Case in point: the special breakfast: 2 French toast slices (or pancakes); 2 slices bacon; 2 sausage links; and 2 eggs prepared to order ... $4.95!! I almost feel guilty ordering it. Definitively a unique place with old-fashioned values.~french toast pancakes) bacon; sausage 
I'm sorry to say I only just got to John's Diner for the first time this weekend.   This is the archetype of a greasy spoon diner.  It's been around forever (apparently at least since the 1930's), is well worn, a little cramped, dirt cheap, and delicious.    We went for breakfast on a Sunday, and were really happy to find a simple, classic, menu of breakfast fare (with an option of dinner-served all day).  Eggs, meat (including country-fried steak!), pancakes, gravy, etc. - you know the drill.  Sit down, someone will take your order soon, and shortly thereafter it will arrive on some well-used dishes for you to devour.    A little while later, a bill will arrive on your table and you'll be surprised at how little your full belly cost.~steak! pancakes, 
I like a restaurant that doesn't really care about me.  Too many restaurants slink around your ankles like beaten dogs, cravenly asking, "Do you want anything, sir?  Please?  Yes, I can get it for you, restaurant-Gollum loves the master, we adoreses you..."  John's Diner will serve you, but on its own terms.  They treat you like people; they're happy to see you, but they've been around for fifty years and will be around for fifty more.  The waitresses tell you what's going on in the back, complain merrily about the job, bring your food to you, pat you on the shoulders.  They have that quiet pride that says, "If you behave well, you're part of the family here.  If not, here's the door."  I didn't ask for anything special, but one suspects that if I asked them for, say, a pomegranate-infused soda, they'd look at me sternly and go, "Now, what did you want THAT for?"  As such, it's supremely pleasant atmosphere.  This is a classic DINER diner, a long narrow train tube with a row of stools for the quick eaters and beat-up booths in the back, where the scents waft out of the kitchen behind the counter.    The food?  Well, as Gini notes, they put the greasy in greasy spoon, but that's actually part of the charm; they don't care about eating healthy, they want you to eat hearty.  They have all the greatest diner hits, from eggs and bacon to open-faced turkey sandwich, and the food is not exceptional but it is home-made and fills you up quite nicely on a low budget.  Would I recommend this to my snooty foodie friends?  No.  But would I take them here the morning after a night out for comfort food?  You betcha.  Would I go here myself when I'm tired of exotic foods and just want a damn sandwich?  In a heartbeat.~pomegranate- bacon sandwich, sandwich? 
John's has the most delish corned beef hash in town!  Yeah, the coffee mugs have lipstick stains and the forks aren't the cleanest, but places like these are called "greasy spoons" for a reason.  In the words of Bart Simpson, "This ain't the Ritz."  Their staff is super friendly.  You never need to ask for coffee refills.  And they have the best, most yummy coffee creamer!  Not hazelnut, Carmel macchiato or anything frou frou.  Just a very enjoyable cup 'o joe!!~beef coffee coffee coffee 
This is the worst dining experience I've ever experienced in all my years.   It is also the weirdest dining experience I have experienced in all my years...  So I've driven by quite a few times and it struck me as a place the locals go when they've had one too many or maybe a place some of the locals frequent for a weekend hangover cure.   To preface this, I'm under the impression that things were going through a change on this first and last visit here. There were items hand-written into the menu, the elderly waitress made a comment that the "chef" was new, and the register was brand new to the waitress as well.   So, anyhow, the story: Two adults and one child (age of 5). Empty diner except one elderly gentleman who showed up while we were there. The establishment was dirty....don't care. I actually expected it and may have been disappointed had it not been. The waitress needs to retire. She seemed to be struggling stringing sentences together a little. Still, not a big deal.   Let's order!  So the child of our bunch ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, the adults meals were roast beef and mashed potatoes and gravy as well as swedish meatballs over noodles.   Each meal came with the soup of the day (a creamy spinach soup with whatever those noodles are in wedding soup). I ordered the chili on top of that just to have a taste. The chili was GROSS! Not like a gross like this is too sweet, or too salty, or just not a good recipe....it was GROSS in a way that can only be described as it seemed as though it was so old and re-used or SOMETHING that it developed a taste of nothing with the consistency of cream of wheat.   The soup of the day came out.....again.....GROSS!!!! Gross for the same reasons except this also had the added pleasure of tasting like they "of the dayified" the soup pot by adding a block of salt. VERY gross. I eat EVERYTHING no matter what. I dd NOT eat this.  Spaghetti comes out. Giant portion for a kid but one can't complain about that. Sad-looking but no bog whoop. She enjoyed it.....she's 5.   The roast beef and mashed potatoes come out. Immediately I see those scooped, starchy, obviously flake potatoes.....no big whoop. Not my cup of tea but they can;t be that bad. The roast beef, however, looked (and I tasted it) and tasted HORRIBLE! It had a gray tinge to it, had the appearance of a texture closer to pencil shavings (only larger) and there was literally zero moisture left in it at all. Gross but let's press on.  While that was going on, I heard the waitress speak to the "chef" and explained that the Swedish Meatballs over noodles uses egg noodles and not spaghetti noodles and moreover (she didn't use that word I assure you) the "sauce" is a brown gravy and not marinara sauce. There was some kind of muttering of acknowledgement and the waitress let me know that there was a problem and that my meal would be out shortly.   The "chef" tried to give me the exact same thing the child across from me had and call it "Swedish Meatballs Over Noodles"!!!! Wrap your brain around that! So, after a brief lapse, the plate comes out....unbeknownst to me half my plate had spilled onto the counter during transport and the waitress had used a couple spools to get it back onto my plate before giving it to me. MMMMMMMMM!!!!! Then I look down. It's the same meatballs sitting across from me, the same spaghetti noodles (not egg noodles) sitting across from me with the same brown gravy sitting across from me.....ok, I'm not a debutante...I'll tough it out.   I sliced into the first meatball. I took a bite. It was nearly frozen in the center had a salty briny taste from the gravy that also seemed spoiled. It was gross. The very first time in my years I just pushed a plate away and refused to eat it.   The waitress came over shortly after and asked how everything was. I let her know that I will kindly pay for these meals but would not feed these things to a stray dog. I let her know this was the first time I ever said this dining out.   She asked if she could take something off the check? First off, the right thing to do is to just apologize and comp the meal....I wasn't about to debate what should be taken off, get into a mathematics quiz with someone who seems confused that she is even working at a restaurant (again, no offense but she just needs to stop).  So we all got up and walked toward the register. This is how we found out that the register is new...... So I was charged a little over 20 bucks. I handed the waitress 2-20s and asked if I could just have a 10 back. This was a problem. She could figure out how to open the drawer or use it in any way. She talked to it in disdain and was even starting to have that same kind of demeanor Kathy Bates had in Misery. Losing it to say the least. I felt bad at first but then she started to smack the register each time a button press was unsuccessful....kinda in a way when you first find out your girl is a little bit kinky but you aren't quite sure what that means.~spaghetti beef spinach wheat. spaghetti beef potatoes..... tea beef, egg spaghetti brown spaghetti egg brown 
I love diners. I love breakfast food. I love independently owned ANYTHING. In spite of John's Diner having all of these ingredients, it proved to be the perfect storm for one of the most uncomfortable experiences of my dining life.   I HATE to have to write this review, but I was so appalled that people like this place I had to protest. It was filthy (I got a coffee mug with hot-pink lipstick caked on it), outdated, muggy, falling apart, the coffee was weak and the food was cheap - in quality and price. You say no-frills. I say the setting of a horror movie right before everyone gets murdered. I left with a new desperation to take a shower. I'm so sorry, I wanted to like it.   Save yourself the discomfort and visit the real no-frills diners of lakewood: The Place to Be and The Coffee Pot.~coffee coffee coffee 
I come here often. When I lived in Virginia I would come to John's diner whenever I visited my mother. You say greasy?  Then you never ate Southern food which is simple boiled or baked anything loaded with grease and/or sugar and/or salt.  John's seemed then and does now like Cleveland diner food my dad ate when he worked for the railroad.   Western sandwiches, hot roast pork on white bread with mashed potatoes and gravy, lemon meringue pie and sausage with eggs and home fries. No grits please. The fish fry every Fridays beats any I have had to line up for in a church basement during lent.   Cleveland has lost many diners such as Ruthie's and Moe's while others have glamorized such as the Clifton Diner. Thanks to whoever is keeping John's going with the same food and the simple interior and the same diner prices. Maybe lipstick on a pig fools some people but the rest of us knows a diner is a diner is a diner.~pork white lemon pie sausage fries. 
I've heard this place is amazing, but unfortunately had one of the worst dining experiences of my life. We stopped in for dinner and were the only customers in the place. They were out of the specials that were hand-written on a paper in our menus. We heard the cook complaining about how he was tired of serving terrible food. We had chicken noodle soup with no chicken in it. Food was nearly inedible. I'd be willing to try this place for breakfast, but will never be back for lunch or dinner.~chicken chicken 
In the midst of a cozy town is a cozy diner. This is a no frills place. Piles of food flying off the grill straight to the hungry locals.  Hungry? Try the corn beef hash, this mountain of tender beef and potatoes, topped off with a crown of eggs, will fill you up for cheap.  Coffee is hot, service is ornery, food is awesome. One star off for the facilities, they are definitely showing the age, and it bugged me a bit that the air vents were "fuzzy".~corn beef 
So my girlfriend and I walked into this... "establishment." We took a seat at the only available spot on the bar. The employee dynamic was miserable at best. They were arguing with each other in front of the customers, suggesting that they all hate each other. I watched a woman give the customer the wrong change... Probably because their cash register is from the 1920s.   The younger of the three women was yelling into the kitchen "I'm not going to serve fatty bacon. Get your shit together."   I left before they even had a chance to take my order (which was easily 10 minutes after I sat down).   I will never be coming back again. It looks like it's not just the chef that needs to get his shit together....~bacon. 
Breakfast wasn't too good here , bacon kinda in edible , but the people working were really nice , my bf loved his omelette but I just didn't like mine :( my potatoe hash was so oily I mean like pizza oily .. :/~bacon pizza 
My boyfriend and I have been here a total of three times within the last 2 months. The first two times, the food was excellent, service even better. Unfortunately they only accept cash, but that's never held us back from a genuine home cooked meal.  The third time, however, wasn't the best experience. The service was prompt, friendly as ever. The food was exceptional. The omlettes were 5 bucks and came with toast. We both added hash browns for $1.25. I got coffee and orange juice. He got lemonade and $2 stuffed grape leaves (which were the worst we've ever had.) They were different, not sour, didn't taste fresh at all. Anyways, we've always loved the exceptionally low prices, especially for the quality of food here. Coffee was awesome and before I could even think about getting another cup, I noticed it was already full. They must have charged us for EVERY refill, including coffee. Because our total was $28 and some change. Most of the refills were filled without asking for them. I could barely read the receipt and the prices didn't seem accurate.  I'll definitely go back for breakfast again. I'll stay away from the grape leaves, because hey, it's a DINER, I can't really be mad. However, I WILL watch the prices and be cautious about refills. Overall, friendly breakfast spot in Lakewood.~coffee grape leaves ( coffee coffee. grape leaves, 
I love this place. Do not walk in expecting to be amazed. I guess you just need to wrap your head around exactly what John's Diner really is. Yes, there are lipstick stains on the cups from time to time, and yes, much of the menu is crossed out and rewritten in pen. The place is pushing 80 according to review from a newspaper hanging on the wall. You get what you pay for in this case, but it is charming if you are in the right mindset. It's fun.  DO NOT order dinner food, it will be gross. They serve breakfast all day, and that is what they know how to do.  Also: Their home fries are heavenly. :)~fries 
This was the absolute most disgusting food i ever attempted to eat in my life. I would not feed this food to my dog or a stray one on the verge of death for that matter. The coffee was cold, the water had a stench and an after taste, the soup was cold but i was able to choke it down. The food was rotten! The steak which i didnt expect to be the greatest smelled rotten and tastes sour, the gravy was old lumpy and foul. I have never once went to an establishment order 4 different menu items and everyone take 2 bites get sick to their stomach and not eat. The fact that the waitress took 4 plates not even touched filled with food back and not question was beyond me. We all got sick from our 2 tasting bites and i am probably going to call the health department. I didnt even want to give this place 1 star. I would rather eat the scraps thrown into a dumpster  from a gas station then to ever go to this place again~coffee steak 
The only reason I did not give this place a single star is because I appreciate its history in the area and building itself is like eating in a time machine. However, the food here is just not good...and yes I have only ordered breakfast. My eggs were undercooked as was my bacon. Additionally, my coffee cup had lipstick stains on it. In the words of Dr. Evil "That's just gross." If you want to go to a real Diner in Cleveland where you can actually order anything on the menu and expect an awesome meal...Go to George's Kitchen!!!~bacon. coffee 
Similar experience as the other reviewer, they never showed up and didn't return our calls!  The owner (Justin) came to our house and gave us an estimate for a house cleaning, said all the right things.  We scheduled the service two weeks in advance on a specific date.  We discussed all the details of the cleaning we needed to be done.  We even discussed the possibility of using their service regularly going forward if all went well with the first cleaning.  He said he would e-mail me later to confirm the appointment and give us the estimated time of arrival.  No such e-mail ever came.  A few days before the scheduled day of cleaning, my husband started calling both the office number and the owner's direct cell phone number, and left multiple messages asking if they were still coming and requesting that they return the call to confirm.  We never received a call back, and the day came and went with no sign of a cleaning crew.  We never did hear back from them.  Unbelievably bad (or nonexistent) service... how on earth do they stay in business?  Beware of buying this company's services in advance with coupons or special deals, you will probably never get the service at all and will have wasted your money.~date. 
The breakup was impending...I just didn't want to see it.  So I ended up canceling my services with Muse for my wedding.  I had contracted their services almost a year ago for wedding hair and makeup.  At that point they had rave reviews on wedding wire and yelp.  However, things have taken a turn for the worst in 2014 by the company, as evidenced by the other reviews on this site.  Even from the get go, I had difficulty receiving an email with the contract.  Jennifer, the owner, attributed the delay the first time to problems with the email: info@museartistrylv.com.  Eventually, we sorted that out.  Email problems happen, so I figure no big deal.  Fast forward to my engagement hair and makeup, that went off without a hitch.  So there are the two stars from my experience from August 2013 (see my other review).  So fast forward, I'm a little over a month out from my wedding. I schedule my trial hair and makeup way in advance and even send an email confirming time and date.  My trial time is 11am...I just happen to check my email while waiting for them to show up for the trial.  In my inbox is an email, sent that morning, canceling for the day since one of the artists is ill. Okay, illness happens but as a professional company and owner you need to pick up the phone and call your client. An email is not an acceptable form of cancellation. So I pick up my phone and call to see if I can reschedule, no answer on her personal cell or the company phone number.  The best part is the voicemail that states leave your info and we will get back to you in 24 hours.  I also email both emails again asking for someone to call me regarding rescheduling.  Yeah...don't count on a response in 24 hours. Fast forward 4 days later, I again send another email and leave voicemails on both numbers requesting contact.  I decide at this point to send a text message with something along the lines of please let me know if I need to start looking elsewhere for hair and makeup services.  I finally get a text message stating that her phone had died and that she would make my next appointment a priority.  Okay, I get your phone died but you clearly still have access to email since you sent me one to cancel the morning of the trial.... I follow up by asking who the artists will be for the trial, it ended up not being the same two listed on my contract.  She did sound sincere, as sincere as you can be on text message regarding the cancellation.  But after I reviewed all my email correspondence with her, this is the second time she has had problems with her iPhone.  She may indeed have very poor luck with her phone....might I suggest a land line or one not routed to your cell phone. But at this point, I had a decision to make....do I worry about being stood up on my wedding day via email or do I find peace of mind and cancel. The choice was easy, I'll consider my deposit a donation and move on.  However, I did the responsible thing in this break up.  I did try to call to cancel, but surprise no one picked up.  I also emailed and texted just to be on the safe side.  She did respond to the text.  I will tell you that IF they show up you will probably get good value for services rendered, since I shopped around and they were the lowest priced packages.  But you know lesson learned, you get what you pay for...  Brides, make an educated decision.~date. 
I had a incredibly unique shopping experience here.  It would have been about two months ago, I used to live a stone's throw away from this location and whenever I was feeling particularly lazy, or lax about spending money I would shop here.  Employees were always friendly and whenever I needed a quick feta fix or a last minute bit of cilantro for for finishing my revered spicy Thai peanut sauce this was my spot.  So as I was saying before my ramble, I experienced the ultimate in "feel good" moments here a few short months back.  I was picking up some produce and must have been shaking my head visibly at the astronomical cost of everything, when I was approached by an aisle clerk who covertly pointed me in the direction of what appeared to be a shopping cart set aside.  I thought that my eyes had deceived me. This cart was brimming with produce!  Many of the items I had in my hands were in said cart and I was informed that they would be throwing them away, but that if I wanted they may be able to sell to me at a marked discount.  I jumped at this opportunity and was actually able to buy three times what I needed at half the price.  I made a vegetable heavy pasta salad, cous cous, and vegetable noodle soup, and was super happy that I was allowed to find a home for these soon to be discarded items.  Definitely a feel good moment for both my wallet and soul.  I don't know if this act of charitable kindness was against store policy, and hope that I'm not getting someone who committed an admirable act in trouble with management, but something like this should be commended and not condemned.  This one gesture more than made up for all the over- priced items that I have bought at Sobey's over the years.  Thank you Sobey's for restoring my faith in the powers that be.~cilantro thai pasta salad 
had my first visit to Effeto Donna last night - overall, it was great. I was in and out in 15 minutes and my esthetician was really great - the wax was great and actually the least painful I've had to date.   It's a small shop and the atmosphere is a not as nice as other spas that I've been to, but overall I would recommend Effeto Donna as convenient, cost efficient and quality place for waxing.~date. 
Nice resto, decent food. I tried the creole spring roll, the jerk chicken and the goat. Tasty and doesnt break the bank.~chicken 
Mediocre. The place was empty when I arrived. The only other people who showed up were easily over the age of 65. I immediately decided not to ask to get my hair dyed. Probably should have left at that point.  Asked for long layers and only a little taken off. Despite the hairstylist saying "we will just take a little off and keep it long" multiple times during the hair cut - I still left with 5-6 inches off. I wanted long layers and apperantly to the stylist that meant only for two strands in the front. I kind of look like a school girl whose mom cut her hair. On top of all of this, the hair washing portion sucked. I look forward to having someone else washing my hair whenever I get a cut and this was nothing to write home about.   Overall, I won't be returning. I would suggest coming if you are an older person. Gloria was a very nice person but clearly is not up to date with with what people under 60 want.~date 
The Jacobite cruisers are a great way to see Loch Ness. There are a variety of different boats with varying lengths of cruise and therefore different prices to suit your budget or time constraints. The majority of the boats also have a small bar selling tea, coffee, beer etc. The cruise is also a great way to find out a bit more about the Loch and it's geology and history.~tea, coffee, 
Breakfast for lunch and lunch for late breakfast....my kinda place!! From salads, sandwiches to bagels....I love it on weekends to sit outside when I have time to lounge. I love that I can bring Max to sit outside with me! Casual, clean and yummy!~salads, 
Kashman's is the go-to deli of choice for my family.  My parents own a home between the two locations and when they are in town, we are frequent visitors to both.  I enjoy both breakfast and lunch at Kashman's.  I've never had a bad meal... omelets, oatmeal, bagels, sandwiches, salads, etc... it's all delicious!  When I'm in need of a pick-me-up, I head to Kashman's.  Their chicken noodle soup combined with a power bagel and cream cheese does the job.  There is something about the combination of carbs, fluid, protein, and dairy; it's better than what my grandmother used to make me!  But don't take my word for it; go check it out yourself!~salads, chicken cheese 
Just realized that I wrote a review for the Kashman's location at the Summit, but not for this (Pinnacle Peak) location yet... and this is the one I frequent!  I am a regular customer at Kashman's and although I feel like it's kind of expensive, I love their food, so it's worth it to me!  Today I had the chopped farmers salad (no cheese + turkey).  I love that it is full with veggies and the light balsamic dressing they use goes perfectly with it!    Other menu items that I order consistently are the omelettes (they do egg whites no problem), oatmeal, trifecta plate, turkey sandwich, and tuna melt.  The bagels are the best I've had in Arizona, and my friend DeDe swears by their matzah ball soup!  I witnessed an interesting scenario when I was there today... a guy had bought lunch for his wife and came up to the register when I was paying and said: "Excuse me... my wife changed her mind and does not like her cookie and she wants to exchange it for a blueberry muffin."    Nancy, the owner, looked at him and apologetically said "I'm sorry, sir - that is the cookie she chose and I cannot serve that cookie to anyone else now.  You can buy a blueberry muffin if you'd like."  This made me think two things: 1 - I'm glad they will not reserve food like that but 2 - perhaps they should have asked if the cookie was bad, etc... and maybe even done so much as to give them a muffin to make them happy?  Anyways, that's my story for the day, but I have been and will continue to be a loyal Kashman's customer!~salad ( cheese egg sandwich, tuna 
Kashman's has great food but you really have to gear yourself up for the rude owner (artichoke lady) and some of the mean, crotchety ladies that work behind the counter.  This is not a good place to place your order by phone. They're always nasty and short with you on the phone and then when you pick your order up, they get all bent out of shape because you have no place to stand and wait for your order.  The guys and gals that bus are usually super efficient and very friendly and the food is above average. If you're looking for good food and a verbal lashing from the staff that work there, then Kashman's is your place to eat!!~artichoke 
kashman's tuna melt the best EVER. Have it on a cinnamon raisin bagel, I know it sounds nasty but it's delicious! Kashma's service is great and well worth the trip. Just remember they close by 3pm on the weekends and perhaps during the week as well.~tuna raisin 
A fantastic breakfast/deli joint located in a strip mall (isn't everything here though?). Great selection of hot and cold sandwiches, scrambles, salads, and real bagels. My personal favorite: the Trifecta Salad Sampler, with a scoop of tuna salad, to die for egg salad, and chicken salad on a bed of romaine, with freshly sliced cucumber, avocado and tomato. Get in line, order, grab a table and enjoy the hustle and bustle atmosphere.~salads, salad tuna salad, egg salad, chicken salad romaine, cucumber, avocado tomato. 
I really am a fan of Kashman's Place, unfortunately I don't live in the neighborhood anymore or I'd probably make it a daily stop.  I swear that they have some of the best bagels that I've had in the valley- their jalapeno bagel hits the spot! So does their bagel sandwich for a quick on the run meal. I was also a big fan of and can recommend the Thanksgiving Cranberry Turkey and Sonoran Chicken sandwiches. Everything that I've had at either location was top-notch... if only they had a CenPho location.~jalapeno sandwich cranberry chicken 
I had high hopes for this place. It's only two strip malls away from my parents' hood (since I'm a visitor and didn't keep track of actual distances, and there are strip malls galore in this area, that's how I keep tabs on locations), and it's a Jewish-sounding deli! Sign me up...  Three of us went for lunch and got sandwiches. My cousin, a 19-year-old macho man terrorizing much of the Phoenix female population currently, got the chicken salad sandwich. He liked it a lot. It was piled high with mayonnaisy (how in the heck should I spell that, sorry) looking chopped chicken. My boyfriend got the roast beef sandwich with cheese and roasted red peppers. He thought it was pretty good, but picked off the red peppers. I tried one, and could see why they wouldn't really fit with the rest -- really pungent tasting, would totally overwhelm and stand out from the other flavors. I got the half sandwich/half salad combo with the thanksgiving turkey sandwich (cranberry spread, yum) on whole wheat, house salad. Eh, just ok. Nothing special.   This rates ok since it's convenient and serviceable, but really it's not the good Jewish deli I was hoping for, and the prices are pretty high for just a sandwich. I'd rather pick up fixings and make my own at this cost, which is what I did the next day.~chicken salad sandwich. chicken. beef sandwich cheese salad sandwich ( cranberry wheat, salad. sandwich. 
Cute little place to go for breakfast on the weekend.  Food was good but I felt it to be a little over priced for a place that does not serve you.    In my opinion, I found Kashman's to be very overpriced for breakfast, and I found it to be the same quality as The Good Egg but way to over priced.~egg 
Pros = Above average deli food, pet friendly, fills the need for Jewish food in this part of the Valley Cons = Overpriced, too-hot coffee, slow service at times  Somewhat strangely, Kashman's has 2 locations off Scottsdale road within about 2 miles of each other.  This would make sense if the food was stellar and the prices were reasonable, but considering neither of those points are true this fact will remain a mystery...~coffee, 
Kashman's is North Scottsdale's best-kept open secret, something that many people living in the depths of Central Phoenix have never heard of and would never deign schlepping to for breakfast.  We became intimately familiar with it when we lived for nearly a year up in a  Grayhawk apartment, waiting for our condo renovation to be completed.  I love the egg dishes (try the Chicago omelet), the salads (Trifecta rocks), pastries made in-store (the black-and-whites are good, and the fat-free blueberry muffins are better than the regular ones--all are usually refrigerated, though, so you may want to ask for your muffin to be heated before serving) and the bagels have the perfect bite and chewiness (contrast with the bagel-shaped bread that Einstein's churns out).  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have found the owner's family to be quite friendly and quick to recognize regulars.  Seating is sketchy during peak hours, although, for a relatively small strip-center establishment, there are a decent number of tables in and outside.  As a first-timer, remember to ask the wait staff at the door to give you a number corresponding with an open table.  You will need this when placing your order at the counter.  It can be difficult to peruse the large menu, so it may help to grab a paper copy before queuing up.~egg salads ( pastries 
After being on our list for awhile, we finally made it out to Kashman's this week for breakfast (on a week day).  I was a little surprised when we got there, as I expected a sitdown restaurant, but instead it's an order at the counter and the food is brought out kind of place.  There was a TON of seating outside, and I remarked to my wife that Kashman's is probably the place to go on the weekend's once the temps cool down...  We each ordered a coffee and the wife ordered a egg/cheddar bagelwich on an everything bagel, while I ordered the stuffed challah french toast.  There were several choices of Seattle's Best coffee at the self serve condiment bar, and I think three different types of milk.  Coffee was good.  After a few minutes the food was served to us.  My french toast (stuffed w/ cream cheese and fried) was delicious.  It was one of the dishes where I have to tell my wife that if she wants a bite she better hurry up and get it while there is some to be had.  I finished the whole thing, no problem and wish the serving size had been a touch bigger.  The only downside of the plate was the fruit that came with it.  There was much honeydew and cantaloupe (both of which I dislike) and precious few slices of delicious strawberry.  I also had some of my wife's sandwich after she was done, and thought it was good, bagel was nice and warm still.    Kashman's get a solid four stars, and I'd probably go more often if it was a little more convenient for me, though I have a couple of relatives who I would consider making the drive out here for.~coffee french toast. coffee milk. coffee french toast ( cheese sandwich 
Craving fries and a coke. Took me 20 minutes to get through the drive thru. There was only 4 people in front of me. I had to pull up and wait for my drink. Then they forgot about me. I had to go inside and ask for it. What the hell. That's what I get for cheating on my diet.~fries coke. 
Worst McDonalds ever, ordered 4 mcchickins and 4 mcdoubles and a halfcut sweet tea with no ice. I got sweet tea with ice and only 3 mc chickens and 3 mcdoubles. And when we called back they said sorry an hung up~tea tea 
I needed some food fast - and so opted for fast food!  Ordered a Filet O' Fish sandwich and a bottle of water.  Sandwich was made to order - hot and delicious! The cheese was melted just right, the tartar sauce was perfect, and the bun was soft and fresh.  Hit the spot!~sandwich sandwich cheese 
A friend and I ate here yesterday (5/13/09) and instantly fell in love.  The decor and table settings are extremely charming.  The bistro is attached to an art gallery that features art and handcrafted pieces from local artists.  My friend was interested in trying this place because of the fried green tomato BLT and she said that it did not disappoint!   I ordered the turkey pita wrap with black eyed pea hummus (that I requested on the side) asiago french fries with a cucumber rittiata (sp?) dipping sauce.  My meal was delicious! In fact, I have been thinking about it all day.    All of the ingredients were fresh and extremely flavorful.  The hummus tasted like they had just prepared it as I ordered (and not took it out of a pre-made package).  The only gripe I had was that my turkey pita was served in a tortilla NOT a pita.  For beverages, we both ordered the White Peach Iced Tea and it was very refreshing.  I found the prices to be quite reasonable, not at all extravagant.  The price of my turkey wrap was $8.50 and the drink was $2.50. About the same as you would pay at any mid-level chain restaurant.  I look forward to coming back and trying the fried green BLT and just about everything else on the menu.  I highly recommend this place!~tomato french fries 
Went to Maddi's for Sunday brunch and the food was delicious.  Started with a cup of good coffee and yummy fried green tomatoes.  Then we waited. And waited. And waited. Finally got to place our order.  I had the Portabello Wrap, which was well cooked, but over-mustard-ed.  The spicy mustard took over the sandwich and kind of killed my tastebuds a bit.  My dining partners had an omelet and gumbo (reviewed favorably), the fried green tomato BLT (which disappeared off the plate quickly enough to indicate its deliciousness) and the "Birkdale Breakfast" (which was on par, but not fantastic).  Assuming the wait for our waiter was not a regular thing, but a fluke of the day, I'd recommend this place for a delicious, "new southern" brunch.~coffee sandwich tomato 
Maddi's is a cool, quirky find. All of the dinnerware and glassware are handmade, which really adds to the charm. We have been there many times for dinner, and brunch is also good. They also serve these delicious sweet potato muffins with both brunch and dinner that are to die for. However, we have noticed that Maddi's has declined over the last couple of months.  During our latest visit, the shrimp with grits was truly tasteless - there was no seasoning in the dish!  On two occasions, they have been unable to make martinis because they were out of alcohol.  What?!  The fried chicken, while still tasty, has shrunk in portion size.  Their soups are ALWAYS so thick it's like eating sludge.  However, we still go back because some dishes are consistently good (like the filet mignon or the fried green tomato sandwich).  If you want southern cooking, I would suggest giving Maddi's a try, just don't expect perfection.~sweet potato 
I am not really sure where to start on this one:  the service was mixed.  The lady waitresses were fantastic--they knew their stuff, and were kind and engaging.  The men of the house were awful in every sense: sassy, lazy, rude, bad servers and poor drink mixers. (When I pointed out that he had substituted 2 ingredients in a drink and was missing a third, he said "yeah...we don't have the right stuff anymore."  When I pointed to it on shelf behind him, he just walked away.)  We have gone twice in the past week, and both times the food was pretty blah.  It was oversalted (and I LOVE salt!), overcooked, and a lot of good ideas just missed the mark.  For example, the mac and cheese was insanely soggy, the fried chicken was dry and the french toast with apples had tough, unpeeled apples inside, and already had the syrup poured on top when it arrived at the table. Who does that?  I was excited to try this place after all the goods reviews, but after going twice and experiencing the same problems both times, I would say that they have either gotten lazy or had a change of staff.  Yes, the art can be a bit charming, but most of it was just plain tackiness disguised as cuteness.  Highly NOT recommended, especially for the money.~mac and cheese 
Really outstanding food....this is a restaurant first and gallery 2nd.  I found the "art" really tacky to be honest, but the cuisine is phenomenal.  I thought the menu lacked a little bit of creativity and selection, but the execution was perfect.  The fried chicken was absolutely perfect.  I would strongly recommend reservations for this place...they turn the tables over very slowly and it is a small restaurant.~fried chicken 
The new owners are great and the smoothies are amazing! An awesome environment, too! It is a meal replacement with both a tea and protein shake. The people who work there are very knowledgable on the product and are always willing to help people create a more healthy and active lifestyle.~smoothies tea 
I love going to the place.  Love starting my day here.  The shakes are yummy and can keep me going and the green tea with a touch of aloe mango, is great too.    This is not a turnkey in and out place, because each shake is made individually to the 30 or more flavors they have, and along the way while waiting the neighborhood folks are nice, and hey, it's kind of nice to meet our neighbors with like minds once in awhile.   They are very upfront that they are Herbalife folks, no secrets it's all over the walls, but it is not a pitchy place.  You ask if you are interested, if not, come get a shake and meet your neighbor.  Highly recommend it.  I take all my friends visiting here.    New owners, Jamie and Jay are great, (and we'll miss Clint & Nadine who were great too)  Good luck to the new owners, I think it's an awesome place.    My only complaint, I'd love it if they were open later in the day or on Sundays.  But if that's the worst, you want them open longer...that's still okay.  Worth waking up to!~tea mango, 
Before I stopped in, I didn't know what a Wellness Club was, but I must say, I like it! Like many people, I want to feel good, and not get depressed when I get dressed. Also, like many people, the whole concept of how to achieve this remains a mystery.  I do work out, but admit I get overwhelmed when I'm in a rush, need to eat, but don't have time to figure out if I am going to regret what I chose. But I think this place has the right idea of demystifying nutrition!  They have every flavor smoothie imaginable, (carrot cake, cookies and cream, chocolate, etc.) and they're 250 calories or less. I loved the carrot cake! It was delicious!  I also tried the peach aloe tea, and it was very refreshing. There are tables and chairs inside to hang out, *Free* bootcamp posters on the wall, (offering 3 classes a week outdoor at 56th st and Sweetwater) and everyone was so friendly! I will definitely be back soon!~smoothie carrot cake, cookies carrot cake! peach tea, 
Don't get me wrong... I love Taco Bell.    This Taco Bell, not so much.  It's hard to go anywhere when the people that work there obviously don't give a flip about their jobs or doing them well.  Have some pride in what you do even if it's not the end-all-be-all of your existence.    I will drive quickly past this Taco Bell to get to a better one.~taco bell. taco bell, taco bell 
I'm a definite fan of this Taco Bell, in fact... I secretly drive past one Taco Bell to go to this one.  I don't know if it is the newness of the building or the shopping complex it is in, but I've always had good experiences at this Taco Bell as opposed to the one closer to my house.  Everything is kept really clean and the inside is really modern.  My one complaint is that in their attempt to make the interior "modern" the front register ended up with a curved metal railing that makes forming a line a bit confusing.  Not that there is ever a huge line here (which is also a plus), but it makes for a free for all if you happen to arrive at the same time as someone else.~taco bell, taco bell taco bell 
Ah, Taco Bell.  This location is the closest to our house, yet for some reason it's probably the one we get to the least frequently.  They are also one of the nicer locations around, because it was built from the ground up.  Rather than the old-style mission look, it's a rectangular building, with a modern look on the inside.  It's actually a nice place.  The staff has always been friendly, and service is usually quick as well.  They even have some high stools around some tables that make for convenient quick meals, rather than the typical fast-food style seating.  It's nice and appealing.  Sweet Tea Report: What really sets this location apart is their sweet tea.  I don't know what it is, but this Taco Bell may have some of the best sweet tea out of any restaurant in Charlotte.  Definitely any fast food restaurant, but maybe any restaurant at all.  It's that good.  Unfortunately, you have to hit it right because depending on who makes it, the tea can be good or it can be bad.  Best of luck.  I know, all you haters of Taco Bell are crying about the chicken places that have good sweet tea, but trust me on this one.  Taco Bell - or at least this taco bell - has some dang good sweet tea.  Farmer's BBQ has some good Peach Sweeet Tea, but for regular old sweet tea, I'd put this stuff up against just about anyone (if you get a good batch).  And yes, I reviewed Taco Bell for #550.  How lame is that?~taco bell. tea tea. taco bell tea tea taco bell chicken tea, taco bell - taco bell - tea. peach tea, tea, taco bell 
This place really does suck!  It's kind of pointless having 2 sides to cook food on and you're only operating off of one with only one person working the line. Then on top of that because you're running one line with one person everything piles up and it takes forever to get your food when it should only take a few minutes at the most. Even better is the fact that they constantly mess up the orders over and over again. I mean sometimes I just want Taco Bell and sadly this is the closest one around my house unless I want to drive forever down the road.   To top it off the sanitary in this place is horrible!! Constantly food all over the floor and your feet stick to it. Yet it never really looks like anyone cares to clean. Because of that I'm scared to even go into the bathrooms.   If there was another Taco Bell around Id never go to this one again.~taco bell taco bell 
This place is absolutely terrible! They got my order wrong I get home the Sierra mist had no syrup in it they wouldn't replace my drink and they forgot half of my order! I get home and call Taco Bell and they refuse to replace the food that they forgot to put in my bag unless I bring back the whole order! I explained to her this is not my fault like hell am I going to have food here and not eat it right now I'm hungry that is the point of drive-through and she hung up on me. I should've got her name so that I can talk shit about her on here. I will never go back to this place it is nothing but hood rats!~taco bell 
Taco Bell is definitely my favorite fast food and out of all the locations that I go to I would have to say that this is my favorite the staff is always friendly and the managers always take their time to say hello~taco bell 
Want a lot of food for not a lot of money? Come here! My friend and I were looking for lunch around 2 O'clock and stumbled upon Indian Flavour. It is right in the downtown core and hard to miss with it's huge red, vertical sign. It's a fun looking room with colourful drapes and attentive service for a buffet.   Come lunchtime, the best option is the buffet for 10 dollars and change. For two people, they brought us one naan bread, cut in half which is a bit stingy if you ask me. Anywho, to the buffet! The salad selection is pretty miniscule. I didn't even try anything on it because they looked a bit left out. The onion baji and fried other thing were cold and didn't have the crunchiness that is so welcome in food like this.   I applaud the order of the line-up of food. Apart from dessert towards the beginning, it is a very logical setup for putting together my plate. The food is ok at best. Butter chicken's chicken has hard, unappetizing chunks of fat on the meat with bones and the lamb curry's lamb is also very fatty in an oily sauce. We ordered more naan bread and were not charged. I liked the eggplant dish and the spinach though it could have had a lot more of the advertised cheese. The rest, and we tried a lot more, I don't really remember which is telling. Despite this, we still went for two rounds of food, learning from our mistakes and left feeling very full. Meh.~salad onion butter chicken chicken lamb lamb spinach cheese. 
Hindsight is always 20/20, but it doesn't make it less true that Indian Flavour should never have moved out of its heavily trafficked Atrium location to it's dingy current second floor digs a mere block away.   Visiting on a late afternoon (about the same time I always used to frequent when I was at Ryerson), I found the large dining room almost completely empty. The once incredibly pleasant servers were now sitting around a table, discussing something that was more important than greeting me.   Once we established that I was going to forgo the lunch buffet ($9.99) and just have a combo of two curries ($6.99) to go, I was walked over to the buffet spread and dished out my meal. Although there were a fair number of both meat and veg options to choose from, the curries mostly looked inspired. The saag that I chose was rather bland and had only one lonely cube of paneer in it. The butter sauce (sans chicken) was a much better balance of spicy and sweet.   While the server was visibly displeased and inconvenienced by their running out of pre-made naan at the buffet table, it must have been my my lucky day since the freshly prepared naan was definitely worth the wait. Now if business could just go back to booming, perhaps Indian Flavour could manage to churn out consistently quality food again.~paneer butter chicken) 
Well-meaning but understaffed. I got to check out the dinner buffet where one waitress had to take care of all of several tables. The kitchen was having a hard time keeping up with the food supplies. They ran out of Naan pretty frequently but the waitress had us in mind and always saved a few for us. The lamb curry was too slow coming that they just removed it from the buffet selection leaving nothing but chicken. The tandoori chicken was a rare sight too but the butter chicken was decent. As far as dessert goes, the Gulab Jamon was good but the ice cream was too hard to properly scoop, given that they didn't actually have an ice cream scoop. I'd say come only if you need to fix your Indian food craving.~lamb chicken. chicken butter chicken ice cream ice cream 
The Edge Festival has, since 2008, taken over from T on the Fringe and has cemented itself as Edinburgh's number one music festival! I loved T on the Fringe where I saw one of the best gigs I have ever seen in my life - The Raconteurs at the Corn Exchange!   Across August, bands and solo artists play at a number of small and larger venues in Edinburgh. Normally gigs are played at the Corn Exchange, the HMV Picturehouse, the Liquid Room, Cabaret Voltaire and the Queens Hall, but there are other much more intimate venues.   Edinburgh is absolutely buzzing in August with the festival season, and the Edge Festival manages to add to the already brilliant festival scene. The festival manages to fill the line up with major chart topping acts, with indie bands and new upcoming bands.   A brilliant music festival, however it is sadly probably overlooked currently due to the fact that it does not have the same name recognition as T on the Fringe. But who cares about the name!   Good gigs, good venues....good experience! Give it a shot!~corn corn 
In my mind, I'm a great fan of Lush, but when it comes down to it, I'm constantly questioning the point of half of their products.  Is there really a point in all these bath balls, and moisturizers you've got to rub on your skin like a stone until they melt? I've spent an hour or so at Lush, and the only thing that makes sense to me are their moisturizers. I'm a great fan of their Dream Cream, and it was a sad day when a quarter of it was confiscated at the airport.   What Lush does have going for it, however, is the lack of unnecessary chemical ingredients. They're a great proponent of natural ingredients, and you'll find cocoa butter, almond oil, and shea butter in many of their products. Additionally, the smell can be quite alluring, but once you're actually in a Lush store, it's a little bit overwhelming!   If getting down to the Ocean Drive is a little too much of a hassle, there's a Lush store on Princes Street and all you have to do is smell you way there, seriously.~butter, almond butter 
I've been to both Lush's in Edinburgh and they have a different vibe. The Princes Street store is in an old building, with cornices. The Lush store in Ocean Terminal, however, is part of the state-of-the art shopping mall that was built right at the edge of the sea. Ocean Terminal is unlike any other mall I've been to- most mall's have limited views of outdoor scenery. At Ocean Terminal, however, there is a huge three story window that shows unparalleled views of the Forth. There is a Lush in this mall that is a little bit smaller than the Princes Street location- but this makes for a cozy atmosphere in the most unlikely of places- a mall! This is the Lush to go to when it is absolutely raining buckets on a winter's day. You can stroll around the mall contentedly safe and dry from the elements! The Lush Handmade Cosmetics company is one of my favourite companies in the world! They offer fun, and 'out-of-the-box' products that yo are tempted to try in the store. The smell of the essential oils and perfumes is intoxicating. The company has a quirky sense of humour- thus the names of some products: Sex Bomb (a jasmine bath bomb), Sonic Death Monkey (a chocolate and coffee (!) shower gel), You Snap the Whip ( a blackcurrent body scrub). The other thing about the company is that they are 100% ethical- they don't test on animals, and they use natural products. The store has to be seen by one and all as it will change your perspective on shops. And for anyone whose ever played Candyland or enjoyed Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (either movie, Gene Wilder or Johnny Depp) this is the closest you'll come to it in real life- just don't eat the soap! In addition, the store puts out a newsletter which is absolutely free and is a really good read in and of itself. The sales assistants are all helpful and each one is a bit of a character- it doesn't seem like they are vultures or just after you for your money. They seem to want to help and they also seem like they are having fun at their work. They dance along to music and cut huge pieces of soap, I've even seen one sales assisstant throw a bunch of jelly soap at a window to watch it trail down- just because! She said she loved that she got paid to do this! I love this store and this mall in general. The #22 bus is frequent, there's always one waiting outside, and the #35, #34, #11, and #1 also have stops at Ocean Terminal.~jasmine coffee ( 
Once upon a time, there was this chain of shops that I despised. I'd never been in one. But the smell. Oh, that smell which infiltrated and hijacked the senses of any passers by (even those going nowhere near the shop and taking active detours to skirt it) was enough to give you a headache. Not just a headache, but you could actually taste it. Perfume. Floweriness. Too intense. It made me feel sick. Urgh.    Fast forward a few years. I'm on one of my eco-friendly stints and looking for a 'shampoo bar' of all things. Yes, doing away with plastic bottles and buying the shampoo equivalent of a bar of soap seemed like a great idea. But where to buy one? An internet search took me all around the houses of a lot of online retailers, and then I stumbled across Lush. Ah haa, she thinksthere's one of those just along the road from me so I could just nip in and pick one up! Sure, there's the smellbut if I can hold my nose long enough?    That was it. My first Lush encounter. I walked into the shop, and it was love.    The bars of soap laid out in the centre of the shop looked like cakes - I swear, I could have eaten them had somebody sliced me a bit off. Some of them certainly smell good enough to eat, and we're not just talking about that flowery smellbut cocoa and vanilla and coconut andand Yes, whatever did happen to that overpowering wall of floral aroma that I always used to associate with Lush? Well, either I've acclimatised myself to it, or it was psychological in the first place and nowhere near as bad as I'd remembered it being. And realistically, now that I understand the way the shop worksthey're not all about plastic packaging and bottles and the rest - sure, some of the products 'have' to be packaged like that - but they believe in minimal packaging and little paper bagsso of course all of the aromas are going to be mingling, merging and overpoweringthey're not all sealed into bottles!    On the whole, Lush is a rather ethical retailer. Their products are 'mostly' natural, but a few do contain the odd synthetic ingredient. They're all nicely labelled however, so it's easy to make a clear, conscious decision over what you're buying. It's also nice to see that Lush are reducing the amount of products they sell containing SLS tooit's something I try to avoid whenever possible.    The Lush staff in Ocean Terminal are amazingly helpful. They will immediately acknowledge you when you walk into the shop and offer to help. Yes, I know this can be annoying in other shops when you want to be left alone, but it's not at all intimidating in here. If you're just browsing, then say so and they'll give you all the space you need. But as soon as you get stuck over which product to choose (and you will, because there are so many delicious products to choose from), you need only to glance in their direction and they'll be straight over to give you all the help you need. I've spent a good extra half hour or so in this shop at times, just because I'm busy chatting away happily to the assistants about various different products and the different ways they can be used - they're as interested in hearing feedback from the customer as they are in handing out the advice themselves! It's nice to see they're so passionate about what they're selling. They'll frequently give you a little sample tub of something if you're just wanting to test a product out, and I virtually always walk away from the shop with a few extra little bits and pieces that they've thrown in my bag as freebies anyway. Plus, I always walk away with a smile on my face. Yes, my pocket's always that little bit lighter than I expected because I saw something new that I just HAD to try (even though it wasn't on my shopping list), but I'm beaming with excitement over my little bag of goodies and can't wait to get home and try everything out. It's sad, but this shop really does do this to me!    Finallydon't expect to walk in and buy your 'usual' style of toiletries. Go in with an open mind and embrace it. We're talking shampoos in bar form, facial cleansers which look like rolls of sushi, deodorants in a putty type form which you take a pinch of and smear on, body moisturisers which come in bars that you take into a hot shower and smear all over you, tubs of shower jellyyes that's 'jelly' rather than gelall very unconventional, but WAY more exciting to try.    Lush really is my favourite shop. And Lush at Ocean Terminal is where I feel at home - it was this shop which converted me, well and truly. I can't believe that I avoided Lush for all of those years. It was me who missed out though - I realise that now!~coconut sushi, 
Sales assistants are very helpful and friendly. You will smell this shop long before you actually reach the front door. Some people it will entice, others is will scare off.    The products are lovely, not irritating, not expensive. There are face masks made with fresh produce - they have a sell by date about a week later, they are wonderful but you do need to remember to put them in the fridge and use them up before they go off. Bath bombs are fun to use, it's great watching one fizz away in your bath, they come in so many different flavours - every one smells great.~date 
After moaning about Lush in pretty much every other Lush review I've ever done, I found myself caving in and heading in here for a birthday present last week. It wasn't such a cop out as my friend had specifically asked for Lush treats as it's her favourite store. I ended up getting her a selection of goodies including a soap that smelled like fudge, a honey smelling soap and a couple of bath bombs. They were beautifully wrapped up in a box and looked much better than I could have done! As I'm not a great fan of Lush I fail to see the fascination my friend has with it, but I did receive excellent customer service by the friendly staff here. I got what I came in for and left a happy bunny.  I have to admit, it does smell great but I wonder if the shop assistants are haunted by the smell wherever they go. It must play havoc with the old sinuses. There are worse smelling smells to be haunted by though...  HOT TIP: If you're in any Lush branch and feeling a little low, give the bath jelly a good slap, guaranteed to cheer you up.~honey 
Great burger, especially for a Food Court.   First they have Great Burger, and the right balance between al-carte and signature burgers.  Second, good fries Third, options, but not too many that would cause frustration.  Such as Salads, these are real salads, it you want to be a little be healthy.  Regular Burgers, Organic and Halal; Gluten free buns as options.~burger, burger, burgers. fries salads, salads, burgers, 
Almost $14 dollars for their 'best' burger' with a small serving of fries and soda.  If you've ever had a real hamburger you know this place is way overpriced compared to the amount and quality of food they serve.~burger' fries 
Had the big smoke burger, pouting and onion rings Burger was delicious Good portioning on the pouting and onion rings Fast friendly staff~burger, onion rings burger onion rings 
I went there as I heard they serve Halal burgers...well I was there to check it out today. Firstly they charge about a $1.25 for a halal patty. They do have beef and chicken patty. We were two so we ordered one each. We ordered the Big smoke burger and Spicy chicken burger.   Lets start with the taste, the beef tasted ok... I have had better but their chicken tasted good.  The patties were good but the bun was too thin to hold the burger together. Both burgers were cooked properly and were still juicy, they also put sauteed onions on top which help out as they put a tiny bit of lettuce leaf. The fries were to die for they tasted smokey and were very enjoyable.   All in all its a decent joint to have a burger and enjoy some food.~burgers... beef chicken burger chicken burger. beef chicken burger burgers lettuce fries burger 
Went here just to say I tried it, since I'd never been to one before and this is a new location. I just had a hamburger. They are very cheap with the condiments, all I had was mustard and ketchup on my burger and there was barely any on it. Luckily I waited until I was home to eat and just added more to my liking. McDonald's puts more on their burgers than this place did, and that's saying something! I was not asked how I would like it cooked and that is probably why it was ' well done' . I normally like my burgers medium to medium-well and this burger had no pink whatsoever.  I did not get anything else during this visit because I knew I was going to eat at home.  Fries don't normally travel well.   I will go back again in the hopes that this was just an opening week glitch on the time they need to cook their burgers. Plus, I have to try their poutine at least once. :)~burger burgers burgers burger fries burgers. 
Oh man. This is such a disappointing review for me to write. I love Big Smoke Burger on Yonge Street. I had a pretty good Big Smoke Burger experience on King West. I was hoping that this closer-to-home Big Smoke location would at least be good, but it was not. Unfortunately I'm not going to have my Big Smoke cravings satisfied without having to drive to Toronto.   So I order the spicy burger combo and I watch the dude slap my patty on the grill. So far so good. I then watch the grill continuously flare up. I really had to restrain myself from being a back-seat griller and shouting out, "Hey, buddy, how about you try controlling those flare ups, please." I didn't want to be one of those people so I said nothing.   I also said nothing as I continued to watch my patty shrink ever so quickly because of all the flare ups. I continued to say nothing as the dude flipped my patty over and over again when what I really wanted to do was yell at the top of my lungs, "Dude, that patty must be done by now with all the direct fire it's received. Pull it now!"   Just as the dude is about to pull my patty off the grill, the other guy says, "It's a spicy," so the first guy puts my surely overcooked patty back on the grill and covers it with grilled onions to warm up the onions. They left that overcooked patty with the onions on the grill for another three minutes or so as my burger loving soul died a little more. Finally he pulled the patty.  What did I end up with? A creosote covered charcoal briquette. Black on the outside, dry as MDF on the inside. I knew this was happening. I knew this was happening and I said nothing because I assumed people who are paid to cook burgers everyday know more than I and because I didn't want to be one of those people. This is what happens when you restrain yourself because you don't want to be one of those people. You end up with a dangerously  blackened (seriously dangerous, read the studies about blackened grill meats)  burger and a little of your soul dying as a good burger goes up in flames (literally!). I would have brought it back, but I was in a big rush and I didn't have time to watch them ruin another patty.   The Big Smoke head office people need to get on this situation and do some remedial training for this crew. This is unacceptable. You can't serve people blackened, dried out patties. It doesn't taste pleasant and it's not safe to eat.~burger burger burger burger burgers burger burger 
Stopped At square one after work and noticed  they were Doing renovations in the food court. Decided to try something new and walked over to big smoke burger. The menu had a wide range of topping combinations but I settled for a regular cheese burger and side poutine  to see if they could impress me with the basics. My combo came up to 12 dollars with a fountain ginger ale.    I must admit I was impressed. There were Actually char marks on my burger and I could taste the smokey flavour. The ingredients tastes fresh and paired together nicely. I actually found for once in my life there was more burger than bun. I didn't have high expectations for my poutine but it was delicious.  They use real cheese curds and it tasted like a beef base gravy. I will definitely be back to try one of their more gourmet burgers and a side poutpout~burger. cheese burger 
Expensive but yummy. The burger patties are very juicy and tender.~burger 
I used to come here a lot when they first opened, ordering the classic chicken burger. It's pretty good. Expensive for a burger ($9) but it was freshly made in front of you. Last time I was here, i had the most unprofessional service. I waited 30 minutes for a burger that they forgot about. When I kept asking where my burger was they kept saying it was next (but they just put the chicken on the grill. After 30 minute and about 5-7 people getting their food ahead of me I asked for my money back. I couldn't wait longer, and had to return to work. They literally threw my money back at me and whipped the burger in the trash. All done by the manager. I will NEVER be back here after this experience.  Maybe at another mall but not square one   Food 4/5 Management/Experience 0/5 Price 2/5~chicken burger. burger ( burger burger chicken burger 
Ordered the organic burger because for some reason, I'm super into organic food this week. One of my weird weeks (I usually go healthy, unhealthy, Asian, salad and soup and only have one of those for the entire week).  Not sure why I do that.  Anywho, I digress.    The burger tasted good and had an okay bun - slighty soft, but it wasn't anything special.  As for the beef itself, it was juicy, but didn't have too much flavour.  I can say it's better than McDonald's and BK, but I think Lick's is better.  It was almost $11 for the burger and a ginger ale, which is kind of pricey.  However, I don't mind trying new things. Also, even though this was a fast food joint, the service was good.  They said it would take 7 minutes and being the nerd I am, I timed it and it took less than 4.    Love the fact that they give you a heads up.  Not bad burger, but not awesome.~burger salad burger beef burger ginger burger, 
Big smoke alright! Nothing special just expensive, better off going to mcds, burger king. Def more affordable & decent selection. Highly not recommended.~burger 
Came here for Yelp's Burger Binge.  Big Smoke was supposed to offer a $5 Spicy Yelp Burger, but instead they served me a Classic/Regular Burger.  I didn't check the special on the Yelp site prior to ordering, so I didn't realise that they changed it up until I got home and reread the special.  :(  So not really impressed by this bait 'n switch!  I asked how much it was to make it a combo (fries + drink) and it was almost +$5 extra.  So there has been a definite price increase since my last visit.  No thanks.  Burger didn't taste any different than the other chains, Burger King/McD's/etc. so I can live without dining here again.~burger burger, burger. fries burger burger 
Good, great poutine... Burger tastes like Burger King.~burger burger 
Probably the best Halal burger you can find in the city. Their fries are also great!~burger fries 
Hmmmm so after coming to square one for the first time this place definitely caught my eye! So second time going to square one I definitely came here!   I got the classic* big smoke burger as recommended by the employee there. The fries here are so good! Reminded me of nyc fries but better!   So I love a nice juicy burger that maintain shape for as long as it can haha. At first this burger maintained shape. Roughly 3 bites till finish it becomes quite sloppy which is OK for me since the middle is all gone. The meat was amazing the bun was grilled, sweet onions, some kind of exotic cheese I don't know how to spell or remember and a tomato that didn't come out on first bite. Oh man it was quite a nice burger haha.   Definitely will come back to try another!~burger fries fries burger burger cheese tomato burger 
Great burger - have tried organic and lamb.  Great fries.  I'm impatient but found them well organized and wait wasn't too long.  Would eat more often, however, only downside is it is in Square One so cannot drive up and take out - have to eat there.  They should open up an outside location in Mississauga.  We need more quality gourmet burger places/options.~burger - lamb. fries. burger 
I really enjoy this place and it is my favorite of the chain burgers. Never had anything but a delicious juicy patty made the way I want. My only complaint is the price; $10 for a 4oz cheeseburher and a root beer or $15 for a combo is crazy but then again everywhere seems to be raising their prices lately so I guess it's to be expected.  Would be nice of they offered some low cost specials. The fries are good and thick, but the onion rings had too much seasoning and I found it hard to eat more than a couple.  Still though, I can appreciate the fresh patties(taste like my old man used to make on the bbq, but none of the swearing when the propane runs out) and that keeps me coming back~burgers. fries onion rings 
The only reason why big smoke deserves 4 stars is because of their poutine. Absolutely AMAZING & DELICIOUS. I used to go to south st. For their poutines but glad I stopped going there because big smokes' poutines are 10x better mainly for 2 reasons: 1. Bigger size and cheaper than south st. Their small at B.S is like eating a large at south street for a dollar less. Awesome! :) 2. They give you more cheese curds without having to ask. ( who doesn't love cheese :p)   As for their burgers... Well they are not the greatest. They taste like a boxed burger but with the price of a gourmet burger. Umm no thanks. I prefer south street..~cheese cheese burgers... burger burger. 
Big Smoke made big promises, and the resounding opinion from me was... "It's alright, I guess."  I'll save my opinion/review of the Square One revitalized food court (spoiler: it's amazing) for another time, but I did want to comment on Big Smoke, as I visited the mall recently and stopped here for a bite with a friend.  I had been meaning to visit this place for a while, but never had a chance (and the time to actually sit down and enjoy a meal) until recently. When I stepped into line - the longest in the food court, I might add - I was expecting quality that was out-of-this-world. Maybe the fault lies with me for wanting too much.  What I got was... decent, but not worth the experience. After waiting in line, a friendly server took my order, and I was a bit surprised that it costs an extra $4 just to get a drink. Add to that disinterested cooks and people who were behind me in line getting their food before me (always a sticking point), and you can see that I wasn't starting off on the best foot.  The signature Big Smoke burger I had was okay, but considering the price (something like $13 after tax for the combo), it's past the point where I consider it to be acceptable value for the money. The fancy ingredients they listed out in the menu didn't really amount to much for me, taste-wise. I was more impressed by the frosty mug they gave to me for my soft drink, and that was the high point of the experience.  Probably wouldn't come back again.~burger 
The beef burger is really satisfying and the toppings have always been fresh, but BSB is definitely more expensive than burger joints of similar quality. The main advantage here is the convenience of the location (in Square One).   Classic 6oz beef burger (not combo) is $6.79 - you choose from ketchup, mustard, mayo, jalapeños, pickles, red onion, tomato, lettuce.   Switching to Halal costs $1.49 - I really, really appreciate the option but this is steep for Mississauga when there are options like Burger Factory and On The Bun.   BSB has some good signature toppings like sautéed mushrooms and carmelized onions for a surcharge. Hoping they bring back goat cheese and feta cheese!~beef burger burger beef burger ( pickles, onion, tomato, lettuce. burger mushrooms cheese cheese! 
Took my wife to Square One for some shopping and after an hour or so we were both getting hungry so headed down to the food court area...I mentioned to her i wanted to try out the newly opened Big Smoke Burger and she was also up to trying it out..we ordered two cheeseburger combos.   You pretty much get to see your burger get grilled from a fresh meat patty and onto the grill while you are waiting..the focus here is using fresh products which was also reflected in the condiments that went onto the burger..our combo  also came with a nice helping of fries that were pretty tasty.  We really loved the smokey flavour of our cheese burgers along with the fresh bun - the combo is pretty filling with fries but both wife and i were able to finish our plates.  Overall, service was very good from cashier to picking up the food , and  price was good value for a premium burger - our 2 combos with two cokes came to around $ 24 and change.!   Will come back next time with our kids and try some different menu items.~burger burger burger.. fries cheese burgers fries burger - 
I had a a blue burger with organic patty to satisfy a craving for a burger with blue cheese. The burger was served with a somewhat cold bun (aren't they supposed to toast or warm the bun on the grill?). This really ruined the meal. Also, the meat wasn't as juicy as I remembered it. I felt I had a better burger at A&W. Will not be coming back here.~burger burger cheese. burger burger 
My girlfriend and I love burgers and often resort to a good burger joint for comfort food. To our surprise, the Big Smoke Burger turned out to be quite tasty!  We ordered the spicy burger which had sautéed onions, lettuce,  tomato and spicy mayo. Overall, the burger was moist and had a lot of flavor. We also turned this into a combo with a poutine and a drink and to our surprise, the poutine was also amazing. Great flavor with the gravy, thick cut fries and actual cheese curds!   Unfortunately, the only down fall with the Big Smoke Burger was the cost. After all said and done: a quaint sized burger, poutine and drink came up to a grand total of $15, hence the rating of 4 out of 5. Otherwise, if the price was a little more reasonable, it would be a perfect rating.~burgers burger burger burger lettuce, tomato burger fries cheese burger burger, 
Sometimes decent deals, lately horrible staff yelling at random customers they haven't interacted with yet.  I was looking for a dress shirt, and the worker at the location ended up going after me speaking in an angered voice asking if I was the one who was looking for "the jacket" while she had a jacket in her hand. Apparently she went after my finacée several times asking her the same question. When I saw the people she was going after, the male was A LOT heavier than myself so appearance-wise we didn't share common traits other than both of us being white. The girl had different coloured hair and also looked quite different from my fiancée. I was hoping I'd have someone to measure me for a dress shirt, but that person not only seemed to be otherwise preoccupied, even after that couple left.  All-in-all, I've been having some issues in terms of the customer-service in this chain in general, and this location wasn't much better. Especially seeing workers playing with their cell-phones as opposed to helping customers (which was also something I observed).  So I'd be rather unlikely to return to this location with all that in mind.~white. 
Brand new food business!  They make you a pizza, you take it home and bake it.  It's a create your own pizza place...  As their name goes  Papa Murphy's "Take N Bake!"~pizza pizza 
I didn't care for this pizza. The sauce is gross and the crust taste like Bisquik.  It's also kind of on the expensive side for having to take it home and bake it yourself.  I would rather pay the same price for an already cooked pizza.  The cinnamon dessert was good though.  I will not be going back.  This pizza hurt my stomach.  I will stay with RKidds down the street.~pizza pizza pizza 
Great deals! Sign up for text deals! Very cool!  The girls were super nice!  Love this concept. Pizza was yummy of course!~pizza 
got a groupoin certificate and had one of the best massages ever.  Steve has a firm hand and applies perfect pressure. Went to Flamingo Dr and it's in a medical professional bldg.  They offer facials at a great price too. Right now they are having a special for 4 body wraps for $99 and I have pd more for 1.  Will definitely go back for these deal.  Can't say enough wonderful things about Episage and Steve.  Am looking for a place I can call home for massages and I may have found it.  Highly recommend this for everyone.  Was surprised the bed was not heated and the music was lovely and calming but it could have been louder.  Only negative things I can say so give it a try thru Groupon.~wraps 
In the words of today's teenager: 'I can't even.'   After a fail attempt at getting a table at Marcello's, my boyfriend's sister suggested Wild Wing as an alternative given it was within the same plaza. With a communal indifference to the dinner option after our blunder, we agreed. The warning sign should have been how empty the restaurant was with a single patron sitting at the back of the restaurant working vigilantly on her computer and nursing a beer.  The lone waitress didn't greet us, didn't nod an acknowledgment and didn't seem to give a rat's that we were there. Despite this, after deciding on a table, we sat ourselves down and patiently waited for the lone ranger to wander over. 10 minutes later, she strolled over and handed us three menus with a half assed greeting.   Now, it's a no brainer: you come to a chicken wing place, you get something chicken related. However, I'm weird about touching my food and without fail, will always vote for the boneless option. So, you can imagine the gut sinking feeling when the waitress reappeared 15 minutes later and she advised they were out of the boneless option.  (Why it would take 15 minutes to flip through the three page menu, [one of which consists of wing flavours to decide] in order for you to draw the conclusion that A: You want chicken. B: You want it in some variety, or C: You like to play on the wild side (see what I did there?) and stray away from the traditional by getting a burger.) (You daredevil, you.)    Fine: I will meet your lack of boneless option and go with the chicken fingers.   I should have taken the no boneless option as my third warning to run while I still I had a chance.   Upon the waitresses arrival, we were greeted by plastic plates (why on earth any establishment would be serving their meals on plastic plates purchased at their local Dollarama is absolutely BEYOND ME) and quite possibly the soggiest, stalest tasting nachos. The salsa tasted rancid, and the lettuce was wilted. Upon the arrival of my entree I encountered what appeared to look like it had come straight out of a Hungry Man frozen dinner... the chicken fingers smelled off... like they'd been sitting in the back of the fridge. I was feeling ballsy, so I took a bite... I wasn't convinced. My boyfriend's GarPar chicken wings followed suit, and they were bland tasting.  20 minutes later when our waitress arrived to do a very delayed quality control check, she asked how everything was tasting. I explained to her the lack lustre experience I was having with my meal, she stared at me blankly as she asked me several times to describe how they tasted...they tasted freezer burned...they tasted off...how many other ways did I need to find in order to describe this? "Do you want another meal made?" No, I want to get out of here as quickly as possible...instead I asked for some more sour cream...I should have anticipated that upon her return, the sour cream would be extremely watery and very off in texture. An elderly couple helplessly attempted to flag down our waitress whom she ignored several times before the poor woman with an evident bad hip hobbled over to her requesting her attention. Given the destitute of people within the restaurant, it was easy enough to hear the woman explain that her chicken...well...it didn't taste like chicken. The waitress feigned surprise before asking: "Does it taste like freezer burn?" "Yes!"  FACE PALM.   When my boyfriend went up to settle the bill, he was started to find my meal on the bill. Upon asking if she could do something with it given my circumstances, she sighed heavily and said she'd have to consult with the kitchen staff. She returned two minutes later and said: "I can give you 15% off." My boyfriend now agitated by this response rebuttled that I hadn't even consumed even half of my meal." "Well, she ate the fries, right? I'll just charge her for those." $4.99 on cardboard French fries later... and we were racing for the door with a mutual agreement to never return again.   Wild Wing, there is a reason why a number of your establishments are closing, it's only a matter of time before you, your crappy chicken and plastic china at this location follow.~chicken chicken chicken. burger. chicken fingers. salsa lettuce chicken fingers chicken sour cream... sour cream chicken... chicken. fries, french fries 
Came here on a Tuesday for the wing special which was a pound and a half for the price of one pound ($12.99) with the purchase of any beverage. It came with your choice of single sauced chicken wings (breaded/unbreaded/boneless), fries, a dipping sauce (blue cheese, ranch, sourcream, dill), celery and carrot sticks.   I ordered the blue moonshine which was a mix of blue cheese and bbq sauce. My brother got the country girl which came dressed with their my thai sauce and pineapple. Honestly, the food took a really long time to come out but we both agreed that it tasted it pretty good compared to other well known chicken wing places.   Our server was very friendly and helpful who did periodically check up on us but never offered us any water to start. Instead we just got the drink we ordered for the special which was a ginger ale ($2.99/unlimited).  You can definitely tell that this specific restaurant no longer anticipates for Tuesday wing eaters as the place is practically empty. The whole establishment just felt very run down and slow.  Overall, I didn't have a horrible experience here but I also don't see myself coming back either.~chicken fries, cheese, celery carrot cheese thai pineapple. chicken ginger 
I dont really eat chicken wings as a meal, its just not my thing so I got the lucha libre tacos and all I have to say is GROSS. They were bad,bad,bad. Under seasoned, small and the tortilla bread was horrible. I dont know what I expected but I didn't expect it to be as bad as it was. They were COLD. Our group was the only people in the place and we could never find our waitress she kept disappearing to somewhere into the back which is really unhelpful when we seem to the the only people in there for the entire time we were there.   The food honestly is hard to explain how bad it was. I've had better food come from the freezer section at No-frills. I will not be returning nor will i return to any wild wing. The food and the service were both lacking.~chicken tacos 
Food is not bad at all.  Especially Wings and its flies are good.  Wing is not small.  It's still juicy and I really like its sauce taste and choice.  The blue moonshine night cheese dipping for my daughter's fries is a smooth texture and just right flavour which even my wife loves that.  I think Wild Wing's wing has a quality on food in average.  Portion is ok compare to its price level.  They have kids menu and the portion is just right.  Only thing I am not quite satisfy which I can tell is the service it provide with the price.  I mean the service from getting reception to table.  The waiter told us it is around 15 min but I have waited 25 to 30min but actually the place is not that full at that time.  Well, it is me and my son's birthday, so I don't want to ruin the time.   Wait time on the food is not fast but I am patient enough along with my smartphone.  Place are big, clean but definitely a sport bar is quite noisy for family but good for a big group over 10.  Be sure you reserves for table otherwise you will be frustrated unless you want to sit in the bar side.  I think I am one of the kindest about the reviews.  I cannot say Wild Wing is very bad in food, but service wise, it needs to be improved in order impress people to come back for a second visit.  Or unless they have a very good price or food quality or speciality, otherwise, it is even hard to impress a not-so-demand guy to come back a second time.~cheese fries sport 
I came here on a Sunday night after failing to get a table at All Star Wings. It was empty when my group an I arrived, with only one table occupied.   We all ordered wings and I liked that it came with fries. While we were waiting for our order, I started noticing a washroom/sulfur smell and everyone noticed it too. The smell was still there even as we were leaving. One other thing that bothered me was the washrooms were single washrooms but there was no lock on the door.  The food was very lacklustre and the wings reminded me of frozen breaded wings you'd get at a grocery store.   Overall, I would give the food one star and another star for the service. This place was dead for a reason and I definitely would not recommend this place at all.~fries. 
I decided that with the weather getting hot, I needed to chop my hair off and remembered seeing this shop on my drives home. The shop owner was kind enough to keep her shop open late to accommodate my work schedule, because I wanted to come in on the same-day.   When I got there I told her I wanted a simple A-line cut bob, and as she proceeded to cut my hair off, I asked her "how red can you make my hair?" (I have very dark brown hair and a lot of times it is difficult to make it as red as I would like) and she asked me to choose which shade I would like (a vibrant red-violet) and told me she would try.  About two hours after her normal closing hours, I was done. I really liked that she gave me exactly what I asked for and was impressed she hadn't told me to return for the dye job like I expected.~brown 
Not everybody can cut cut Asian hair, so when I find someone that can, I stick with it.  I'm usually in n out like the burger...quick, affordable, and good.  And it's close to my hood too.  Plus after the cut, I get to have some burrrrs at Lucky's next door!!!!  C~burger... 
I heart Chocolate Soup! Chocolate Soup is the perfect way to recharge on a cold Edinburgh day. The small cafe serves a variety of hot chocolate, coffee, sandwiches, and soups. The soups are great because you can self-serve and put it in a cup with a lid to drink on-the-go if you're in a hurry--Perfect for those who need to get back to work or tourists who only have so much time to go sightseeing. Or, if you prefer, you can sit down and enjoy a large mug of luxurious hot chocolate. I sure did. Yum.~coffee, 
So I had heard alot about this place. The hot chocolate was supposedly to be held as the god-of-all-hot-chocolates and it was in a "fantastic" location. Not quite my experience. I went here a couple of weeks ago with my friend who raved of the place but I'm afraid it didn't live up to expectations. It wasn't terrible; it was OK. But just OK. We ordered two hot chocolates, one mint choc chip and one white hot chocolate and to be honest we could have had one between us. The servings are truly generous although the bowl like cups were both a bit chipped and shabby.  Chipped and shabby was my general impression of the place actually. Sure the hot chocolates were satisfying in a gluttonous, sickly way that you expect of a place named "Chocolate Soup" but apart from that the experience wasn't great. First of all it was pretty pricey. £3.75 for a hot chocolate is expe nsive no matter how high someone tries to claim the cocoa content is.The staff were nice enough but the place seriously needed a clean and I won't even try to describe the bathroom. Location... meh looks onto the back of a church and there were alot of skaters annoyingly pressed right up against the window where I happened to be sitting. Not exactly going to be a favourite for tourists. My friend also had mushroom soup and it was "OK." Seems to be the work to describe this place: OK.~white mushroom 
Amazing muffins and chocolate treats but the coffee is sadly disappointing. Nevertheless, it is well worth going there if you have a sweet tooth and even better if you can snatch a window seat and watch the world go by.~coffee 
Usually associating hot chocolate with the sachets of dried instant 'hot chocolate' you find in your dusty kitchen cupboard I was intrigued by the prospect of a real hot chocolate. Indeed they know how to make a decent hot chocolate, the high percentage cocoa and gooey decadent texture is scrumptious, but my experience was slightly marred in my attempts to get a tray bake which apparently was sold out...  This was clearly not the case as I was staring at numerous slabs of my choice through the glass counter and was subsequently snubbed by the staff. Usually minor staff/customer discrepancies like this go unnoticed.  However, I've read and heard many scathing reviews about the staff in this place and have recently left Chocolate Soup with an experience more akin to the sickly feeling you get when you've had too much rich chocolate.~instant ' 
Unusually, or so it seems, I'm a female that isn't massively enamoured with chocolate. I do like the odd bit of dark chocolate, but I'm not keen on that sickly, treacly, sugar rush you get from too much milk or white chocolate, so normally I give large vats of chocolate substances a miss.  However, seeing this is a review written for anyone on the internet, I would say chocolate drinking is probably fairly high on a lot of people's lists, so if that's the case, coming to this emporium of chocolate options would be a pretty sensible call. Milk and white chocolate concoctions, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, bits of chocolate bars to put on top of your already calorific, sugar fest of a beverage, it's all here for your sweet toothed consumption.   You can also get coffee and tea in here, it's not completely chocolate based, plus there are some pretty awesome cup cakes too. Very busy due to its just off the Royal Mile location, so sometimes getting a table can be tricky.~milk white milk white coffee tea 
Great alternative to the bigger brand coffee shops. Excellent range of drinks and really friendly staff.~coffee 
This café just off the Royal Mile serves some of the best hot chocolate, as its name suggests! They try to be creative with it as well, serving several varieties that come with nuts, marshmallows, cream and even white chocolate. It took some courage to admit I may not be the biggest fan of hot chocolate, which I find too sweet and extremely difficult to finish (you'll get your money's worth, as it comes in big mugs) but I adore this place for their desserts and toasted sandwiches. You can have a full or half sandwich, which come with goats cheese, salami, brie, mozzarella, avocado, meatballs, cheddar, just to mention a couple of fillings. And to follow, they have the most awesomest (error to emphasise deliciousness) muffins, such as their banana with toffee frosting one! Great place for a quick and light lunch break.~white sandwich, cheese, mozzarella, avocado, banana 
Chocolate soup?! Whatever will they think of next?!   I was intrigued with this place so accompanied a friend for lunch. It wasn't the nicest of places....sortof canteen-like and a little bit dirty. The white tables and white plastic chairs wern't very attractive....and the tables needed a good clean!!  I'm planning on giving Chocolate Soup a second chance, because all my friends rave about it . Watch this space~white white 
i got the WHITE HOT CHOCOLATE, and my friend got the MOCHA.  im not a fan of sweet sweet things and hot chocolate is def not my fave, but this place definitely impressed. it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet and the slight taste of milk was delightful. hohohoho.  &&& the mocha! i do wish i got that. you get to choose if you want it mixed with white chocolate or toffee...   THIS IS A DEF A PLACE TO STOP BY AFTER YOU WALKED THE ROYAL MILE. :) the bathroom is kinda scary though.~white milk white 
Unless you're one of those weirdos who doesn't love chocolate, you'll absolutely love this place. In fact, if you've been in Edinburgh for more than a day then you'll probably have already been.  It's a simple but amazing concept - just like a regular coffee place/café, but the emphasis is almost entirely on chocolate. I've never seen so many different types of sundaes/chocolatey coffees/chocolate muffins/pain au chocolats under one roof, and despite my best efforts I've yet to sample them all.  If you're trying to convince yourself to be healthy, they also have freshly made porridge every day, as well as one of those granola-in-a-glass smoothies. But you can have all that at home.   Make sure you try their namesake drink. Or dish... their chocolate soup is so gloopy and amazing I'm not sure whether you eat it or drink it, but whichever it is it's definitely worth the calories. Just make sure you only order a shot of it, and not the large shot like I did... it's very filling and no, you won't be able to finish it without feeling sick for hours. A very happy sick, but sick nonetheless.  Why only 4 stars then? Out of sympathy for the poor staff. The last two times I've been here I've heard the manager-ess/owner absolutely laying into the other members of staff for something or another. Everyone else in the queue behind me looked just as awkward as I felt!~coffee smoothies. 
This place sounds better than it actually is and once you've been once you will probably leave feeling sick enough to not go back again. One of my friends loves it here and I'm quite agreeable so will usually go along with her even if I only get a tea now as the thought of having another "chocolate shot" makes me feel queasy.   This place is always choc-a-block and it's usually quite hard to find a seat, it always just seems like such a stressful place no wonder they seem to be hiring staff quite a lot. I guess it's so busy due to it's location and also the novelty of it. I remember when I had my first white hot chocolate here, it was amazing but I felt ill half way through drinking it.  They also do pretty good sandwiches and paninis if you're feeling a little bit peckish but it's quite pricey and if you're just looking for light bite for a quiet catch up with friends then I'd go somewhere else.~tea white 
Amazing hot chocolates, so many many different ones to choose from. There are also lots of cold chocolate drinks (like milkshakes). Coffee too, for those with less of a sweet tooth. And really tasty soup, always plenty of choice.~coffee 
Noticeable effort put into the hot drinks and food, whilst not much difference in price it does show in contrast to the bigger chain coffee shops.    I've missed the St Andrews Square branch since it closed :(~coffee 
Small and pretty chocolate cafe. A kid's paradise especially for the choice of hot chocolates (black and white ones) with melting marshmellows on top. The portions are also impressive - you can have a cup of hot chocolate for lunch and won't feel your tummy rumbling afterward. I love the place mostly for the chocolate shots, something you won't get anywhere in town - it is served in Italian coffee cups, very dense, very sweet and very real. Apart from the chocolate drinks, there is a range of sandwiches and soups but I find them a bit pricey.~white coffee 
I didn't have as bad a time in Chocolate Soup as other reviewers seemingly have. I visited when it was a quiet period during a weekday which may explain why it was laid back. Certainly I would reconsider eating (or drinking chocolate?) in a place where the staff weren't treated well. Customer service is a tough gig when you're ill treated. Although I didn't see any of that stuff go on when I was there, I would've felt awkward and sorry for the staff if I had.  The concept of Chocolate Soup is awesome - it's soup, and it's chocolate. Who knew? You can't go wrong with that.   I agree with Lynsey, it's pretty sweet when consumed in vast quantities, but if you opt for something like a hot chocolate and a cake (or take it easy if you go for the chocolate soup) then you will enjoy it. You might get a sugar rush and come out in a sweat, but the likelihood is it'll be worth it.  A popular one with the tourists since it's quirky and original, but also popular with locals of all ages. Very busy at the weekend and it would get a bit full on if you were having chocolate soup on a daily basis, but great when saved for special occasions and meet ups. It's the kind of place you could take your mum, as I'm sure she will be bowled over by the idea of chocolate soup. Next thing you know, we'll be getting chocolate rain (I wish!)~cake ( 
On paper, Chocolate Soup sounds like a Must Visit.   A cosy cafe off the Royal Mile, it has a cluster of tables inside and out and a handful of booths which are perfect for small groups of friends. As the name suggests, it specialises in all things chocolate related from hot chocolate and chocolate soup to chocolate cake, chocolate brownies, chocolate croissants and chocolate ice-cream sunades. The latter comes complete with whipped cream in a tall glass and a selection of toppings.  The problem is, the chocolate they use as the base for all the dishes is dissappointingly bland. We're talking creamy miilk and white chocolate rather than dark chocolate with a high cocoa content and real depth and flavour. I tried a hot chocolate and chocolate soup and was so dismayed, I gave up after a couple of sips of both. The chocolate brownies were equally dire and doughy - making me long for something genuinely delicious like a Green and Blacks or Valrhona bar.~chocolate cake 
Chocolate Soup, how cute you are!!   Yummy yummy shortcakes and delicious hot chocolate!! And what a cute name. It's like a coffee shop converted into a hot chocolate shop with goodies of sweets where young tourists can relax.~coffee 
This is perhaps the closest pho restaurant to Port Credit. The place is nicely decorated and it's easy to get parking. The staff are friendly and the food comes out quickly. We tried pho, pad thai and a green curry - all delicious. This place is a really good find, the prices are reasonable and everything is fresh. I hope this place sticks around!~thai 
Happened to stumble upon this little quaint restaurant. We ordered Pho and since they recently opened, the owner gave us an appetizer of mango salad, plus We also got a 15% off our bill. The service was great! Food came quickly and was tasty. We'll go back.~mango salad, 
The food was very fresh and quite tasty. The mango salad was very nice, but lacked heat. It could have used a Thai bird chili.  The Tom yum coconut chicken soup tasted okay but was a bit too sweet. It could have used more coconut milk as it was a little watery. It also had a lot of celery, which isn't traditional and didn't add anything to the flavour.  The vermicelli with beef and lemongrass was very nice although it also didn't need the celery.  The restaurant and washrooms were clean, bright and very pleasant.  The service was excellent and very friendly.~mango salad thai coconut chicken coconut milk celery, beef lemongrass celery. 
I drive a 2010 Range Rover Sport,My check engine Light came on & I took my truck to my local mechanic, he advised me after scanning the car that I had a problem with 4 ignition coils and to take it to a Land Rover Dealer as they have a Land Rover scanner and can give me better diagnosis. I searched online for Land Rover mechanic & found BIRKSHIRE Automobiles advertising as a Land Rover Dealer Alternative, I phoned them and I explained to them the situation, they told me that they had a Land Rover scanner and it will tell them the exact problem after they scan my car (more detailed report than the Regular mechanic generic scanner). I made the appointment and went there, They scanned the car and the same results that I already knew were on their diagnosis report, the only difference was in the bottom of the report it said: customer to Call US. they charged me 1 hour labour and they refused to refund me, they informed me that will contact their Tech team in England and try and figure out  what the problem is and will get back to me within 3 days!!!.  I then called Metro West AUTHORIZED Dealer and gave them the codes and they told me over the phone what needs to be fixed.  I did give Birkshire a 1 star because the washroom was very clean and Sam spent a few minutes in my car showing me some controls, however; he didn't know all the controls and what they are made for.  I advise any Land Rover owner to take their truck to the Dealer at least for diagnosis at least for sure they know all the controls not half or so.  Hope you found my review helpful.~sport, 
Kann mich meinen Vorrednern nur anschließen.    Das Wichtigste für einen Dönerladen ist zweifelsfrei das Essen. Hier kann der Star Döner voll überzeugen: Döner und Pizza schmecken sehr gut.    Die 5 Sterne verdient sich der Döner durch sein nettes Personal, der großen Auswahl, der Frische und Qualität und dem netten Ambiente. Und das zu den Standardpreisen.~pizza 
Love the deal for ice cream cones and that is what I have tried so far. I will come back to try food items.~ice cream 
If you're going for ice cream or a Julius .. you are probably ok ... but in my view .. not the place to grab a quick lunch.  Ordered BLT ... and the meat tasted old.  All food selections are pretty unhealthy.  No salad to substitute for chips... as with McDonald's, Wendy's, Arby's, or Chick Filet.   Pretty sub-par sandwich.  Nothing to get excited about ... and as long as I don't get sick .. I guess I'm ok ... just not going back.  For the money ... Chipotle is probably a better, fresher, and healthier choice (depending upon what you choose) .. in the San Tan mall ...or even Paradise Bakery.~ice cream salad chips... sandwich. 
Stopped in with my wife... really enjoyed the experience of finding my sleep number. Overall, I thought the sales person was helpful and understanding.  We left without purchasing.  He (Mike) did contact me to see if he could aid me further in my decision. I told him that we decided to go forward with the bed. We chose the i-8. By the time we purchased pillows covers, etc... I was in for about $8500.00. I know that is allot for a bed, but the positives outweighed the negatives.  On delivery day....not before but on the morning they were supposed to deliver, I recieved a bomb from Sleep Number... I was told that they forgot to put my bed on the truck for delivery and it was going to be another week!!! I was extremley disappointed...I told the lady that I wanted to cancel my order.... her response was... OK... let me  give you the cancelation department... Yep...they have a department to handle cancellations!!! What did that tell me???? So I spoke with the cancellation expert who I think was eating an apple or carrot while she was dealing with me... I was waiting for a Whats up doc to come out of her mouth... she was rude, and in a hurry to get off the phone. She told me that the box I received (Sheets and Pillows)needed to be delivered to UPS as refused... Just some homework for me to do. I asked for a confirmation number... she acted like I was crazy... we dont do that here... I called Mike, thinking that he could fix this.... he was not in, so I left a message. He never called???? He just lost an $8500 sale and never called???? I went by the store to purchase the pillow that I fell in love with... figured they could not screw that up... Spoke with Mike and the other sales people... while they were very apologetic and seemed to get my point, they were really no help. I asked them for a regiional managers number, so that we could discuss the problem. What I did not mention was that my wife and I broke down our old mattress and were ready for delivery...for nothing.  The staff said that they could not give the regional managers number to me, but they would tell him the situation and he may call me... that was about a week ago...no call.  Look if you like poor customer service and really dont care what happens when you have issues with your purchase... by all means buy Sleep Number!!! Im shopping for something different.~apple carrot 
Bivy is truly a gem in the Toronto brunch scene. I used to live a block away from Bivy and it literally was one of my top highlights of living in that neighbourhood. It is so good!  First and foremost - I really dislike brunch. Something about paying $20 for a couple of eggs and potatoes drives me nuts. But Bivy was a game-changer for me when I discovered it 2 years ago - and still insist on travelling on the weekends to go back there today! Do yourself a favour and go.  - Intimate but not crowded - Rarely a wait - Generous portion sizes - I almost always order the Ploughman Platter, but have ordered their salads in the past (Farmer Salad) and was not disappointed - I bring all my friends and guests here - many of whom ordered their Croque Monsier and raved about this plate - Great prices  You won't regret it.   Update:  I'm not sure what happened on a recent Saturday brunch visit (March 2016). I had talked up this place to a couple of girlfriends, and convinced them to trek a little farther outside of our usual stomping grounds to meet at Bivy. Holy moly. Everything I've known about this place was flipped upside down.  - Unbearably cold in the space. Teeth chattering. - My beloved Ploughman Platter that has been consistent for years came out so different than usual. No pate/terrine, flimsy toast, canned(?) sliced ridged pickles - what happened here!? - My friend's Croque Monsieur (also a usual fan fave) was so salty  Service was also slow and unattentive this afternoon. I really hope this was an off day for them. I usually see the gentleman who I believe owns the restaurant working in the kitchen, and he wasn't there this day. Coincidence?~salads salad) pickles - 
This is the most unassuming, underrated, unsung hero in the Dundas West strip. I never meet anyone who's heard of it or has been to it but I bring people anytime I need a good brunch or lunch. The chicken salad is packed with great stuff and so reasonably priced, the omelettes are always perfect, and the one time I came for dinner I had the jerk mussels which were excellent! It's so inexpensive and so delicious, the only thing I'm nervous about is that everyone is going to catch on and I'll have to wait to get a seat.~chicken salad 
The brunch is one of the best, and most affordable in the city. You rarely have to wait for a table and the service is good. That makes Bivy a real gem in the often over-priced, over-hyped Toronto restaurant scene.   Everything on the brunch menu is great but I would highlight the Croque, The Farcou (original version), the Tartiflette and the french toast. Their potato salad and green salads are always fresh and delicious. I'm told the coffee is excellent ( I'm a tea drinker - their selection is good).  I have sampled the dinner menu much less but the pulled pork sandwich is good - excellent flavour - and the frites are great.   Excellent value, excellent food and a lovely atmosphere.~french toast. potato salad 
BIVY is one of my absolute favourite restaurants. The space is cheery and bright during the daytime and smooth and romantic in the evening for their new dinner menu. I've been a faithful daytime attendant for weekend brunch, weekday lunch, a coffee and a pastry-fuelled afternoon of work... I've always absolutely loved my experiences with their unbelievably friendly and attentive staff and their delicious food.  They hit it out of the park with their farçous (spinach pancakes) and omelettes, both of which I keep coming back to. I've also loved their tartiflette (potato/cheese tart) and the healthy bites I've had sharing plates of the kravitz, the ploughman, the gravlax... Basically I'm a well-meaning mooch, and my partner and I regularly wind up splitting our plates because everything is so tempting. Most of their meals come with a perfectly composed salad with mixed greens, thinly sliced radishes and a beautifully light vinaigrette and then their phenomenal potato salad...  Possibly the best I've ever had. It's definitely a step up from something you'd have at a BBQ. Everything is just really delicately balanced and flavoured just right.  Since they just launched their dinner menu, I've only tried it once, but it was one of the best meals I've ever had. Finding a decent and well-priced steak is a real difficult task in Toronto, but BIVY has it down. Their entrecôte steak frites comes with a grilled 10 oz rib eye prepared at a perfect medium rare as requested and covered in an understated herbed butter, fries that are seasoned just right and done to the perfect crisp without being overcooked and, of course, that beautiful simple salad. For $18.95! Pair it with one of their well-priced glasses of wine and you have the perfect date night. We'll be back again soon, probably tacking on an order of mussels to start since they look SO good.  I know I'm just gushing at this point. I just really love this place and it's the perfect local spot. It's equal parts cafe, brunch/lunch stop and great dinner option. A lot of restaurants wouldn't be able to juggle all those identities, but BIVY is great at doing simple, delicious food and providing a versatile ambiance with great service. I'm so happy to live near by. The only problem is that I'm constantly tempted to say "Let's just go to BIVY" instead of, you know, cooking at home and not blowing my paycheque on daily jaunts to my favourite neighbourhood spot.~coffee spinach pancakes) salad greens, potato salad 
Bivy is a contemporary Canadian brunch spot with a French influence. Upon entering during the day, the restaurant gives a relaxing vibe for customers to sit down and enjoy their meal or coffee. Bivy has brunch and dinner hours, which you could come in for dinner from Tuesday through Saturday. They close from 4-5 PM during those days to prepare for the evening. Bivy serves interesting dishes, such as their French spinach pancakes and their different version of the French toast (which is more of a bread pudding).  The beer served are sourced locally from Ontario. The alcoholic drinks consists of beer on tap and basic cocktails. To give back to their customers, Bivy has a policy of giving one free cup of coffee to a customer everyday. This is an awesome policy and a great way to brighten up someone's day!  I tried their Mochaccino, which is their version of a mocha and I believe cappuccino combined. It has a nutty taste to it so it is great if you like that flavour. Overall, I think Bivy is a nice spot to go to for a quick brunch with friends or your significant other during the week.~coffee. spinach pancakes french toast ( coffee 
Good portion sizes and yummy food. This is a reliable lunch/brunch spot that is a very relaxing place to hang around during the weekdays. I almost always get the spinach pancakes with house smoked salmon (weekends) or bacon (weekdays). As well, delicious cookies, and shortbreads are only 3 for $1.50.~spinach pancakes smoked salmon 
One of my new favourite joints in the west end. Came for a lunch meeting without any reservations.   Ordered the Countryside Farçous: French spinach pancakes served with Montreal Smoked meat, mixed greens & potato salad 12.95 (9/10). These pancakes were Gluten free baby. Not the traditional idea of a fluffy pancake, rather more of a lightly fried spinach and egg crepe. The smoked meat served with the pancake was a bit too salty, but was easily balanced out with the fresh mixed greens and potato salad.   My lunch companions ordered the Salads with Bivy dressing 10.75 - A generous portion of fresh greens and a balanced serving of toppings. Something I will definitely try on the next visit.   Rating Summary:  Food: 9/10 - Overall excellent food, meat was a tad too salty.  Atmosphere: 10/10 - Perfect spot for a lunch meeting. Modern décor, spacious, plenty of seating and music volume wasn't overbearing.    Service: 8/10 - Water service needs improvement. Friendly staff. Quick service for a lunch hour.   Can't wait to come back.   Note: Bivy only takes cash or debit cards.~spinach pancakes greens & potato salad 
Great find! Wandered in for lunch as there aren't many options in the neighborhood. Had a wonderful open faced tuna sandwich served with lots of fresh salad. My bf had the Farcous which was also excellent. Friendly staff and reasonable prices. Planning to go back to try their home-cured salmon!~tuna sandwich salad. salmon! 
Discovered this place from my "Indie Coffee Passport". Went for a morning coffee, but decided to stay for breakfast.  Ordered the "Baked French toast", WOW it was very good.  Nice small place, quite, good food and friendly services.  I would go back!~coffee coffee, french toast" 
My wife and I recently moved into the area and Bivy happens to be just down the street. As we saw they were now serving dinner we wanted to give it a try. Overall we were shocked by how good the food and service were from the salad to the mussels and the duck confit. Best of all is the price which you would expect to pay double for. We go out to eat about once a week all over the west end and this was one of the best dinner experiences we have had in a while.~salad 
My partner and I took our moms here, as we had heard good things. We were not disappointed. Everything from the mains to the sides to the coffee were exceptional. The fresh goat cheese, the spinach pancakes, the salads, the quiche. Perfect portions and delicious!~coffee cheese, spinach pancakes, salads, 
Came here today during the Dundas West Fest,  I haven't explored this side of the city yet and had no clue where to eat, my stomach was growling and this cafe appeared at just the right time.   We were greeted by a very smiley young man who gave us a quick run down on the menu (the sandwiches were on special if we ate outside due to the festival).  I ordered the Eastern (sun dried tomato hummus + roasted red peppers + goat cheese + baby spinach) and the man in my life ordered the Tuna Twist  (flaked tuna + mayo + avocado + hard-boiled egg).   Wow both sandwiches were divine, extremely fresh and tasty. After a couple of bites the lower half of my face was covered in red hummus, its the kind of mess you just want more of, luckily for me the man in my life has seen it all before.   Until the next time Bivy, thank you...~tomato cheese spinach) tuna tuna avocado egg) 
Lovely flavors and friendly staff. Had the vegetarian spinach pancakes as well as a veggie sandwich - both with the amazing potato salad on the side.~spinach pancakes sandwich - potato salad 
Second time there for Brunch, delicious. My friend had the brisket and I had the croque monsieur, she loved hers and wanted mine too. The croque was delicious and we both agreed it was one up on Bonjour Brioche - which has held this accolade for some time! I do suggest you try it. The other thing I have here is the Farmers Salad which just makes me feel happy and well fed.~salad 
Fresh food from whole ingredients, consistently prepared well.  Great coffee.  Reasonable prices.    Friendly, unpretentious service.  Been here many times, and it's always been good.  What else do you want?~coffee. 
Music by Monkees!! Away from hustle and bustle. Great food and good coffee awesome service what else can you ask for.~coffee 
3.5 Stars.  Sometimes we like to do really good things, but at some point it ends up being too much; maybe we bite of more than we can chew.  The Bivy is a good spot in Little Portugal, but there is A LOT going on in this place. They serve decent coffee--not the best, not the worst--, they serve brunch and dinner, and they have a liquor license, which gives them the opportunity to sell alcohol too. This leads to an unfocused attention on certain items they may want to do better, the coffee being one of them.  I like the layout of the place. The tables and chairs seem to work well with the place and actually brighten the place up. The staff are very friendly and willing to serve everyone well.  The place is a great place, but I get the feeling they are a little confused as to what they want to be known for. Is it a great coffee place? Is it a great brunch spot? Is it a great place to get a night cap? There isn't an identity here.  Nonetheless, 3.5 stars for me because it exceeded a little bit of expectations, but could be more if they truly found their identity.  That's it.~coffee-- coffee coffee 
I've come here twice now. First for coffee/tea and a cookie. Second for brunch.  The tea is higher quality than what you'd find at most cafes in the city - very fragrant and flavourful. The baked goods are excellent.  Had the croque monsieur, farcou, and ploughman's breakfast. Weren't too interested in some of the offerings in the ploughman's breakfast but the farcou and croque monsieur were impeccable and well-priced. Perhaps the ploughman's is for more adventurous eaters.  This was the first time I'd gone for brunch in ages where I didn't have to wait in a line for a table. What a refreshing change! Also, staff was SUPER friendly!~tea 
Initially the purpose of this trip was to get cappuccino from the Indie Coffee Passport (ICP) but once we saw the brunch menu we decided to to eat here as well. My friend decided to order a french toast and I went for Poire Helene since I am a sucker for pear desserts. For the ICP we both ordered a cappuccino.  The service is decent here and we were checked on regularly and the server even shared her fav on the ICP. The food did take its time to arrive though even though the we went at off peak hours.  The French Toast is a mini portion, it is quite good nonetheless. Raisin haters beware as they do use raisin bread. Poire Helene was just OK as I have had a lot better versions.  On to the cappuccino  Espresso: Mild Crema': below average Milk: Frothed OK This is a very average attempt at a Cappuccino. I would say 2 stars and that's pushing it already. The decent food gives it a bump to 3. They did push their dinner and gave us a discount coupon for that. Cash and Debit Only!!~coffee french toast pear french toast raisin raisin milk: 
My first visit to Bivy was during the DuWest sidewalk sale. I went in when they were slammed and waited quite a while for a take out order. The wait was worth it. I had a house cured salmon sandwich and it was great. My wife and I just went for brunch today and I had the French pancakes with again their house cured salmon, a nice mixed green salad and potato salad, which I believe comes with every dish. My only suggestion would be some form of creme fresh or sour cream to compliment.  Friendly service, and a nice atmosphere, complements your experience. I'll definitely return.~salmon sandwich pancakes salmon, salad potato salad 
Loved this place. A bit of a diamond in the rough of that area. Started with the Charcuterie to share amongst the three of us. Wonderful while chatting and sipping a wine. I thoroughly enjoyed my Salmon entrée but was able to share the steak that my wife had and would order that next time. The duck was also delicious and I enjoyed that as well. Service (by Patrick) was discreet and relaxed to fit the ambiance. Worth a trip to that part of town for food from a genuine French chef and owner Pascal.~salmon steak 
Stopped into Bivy for a weekend dinner, and was adequately happy with the results. The interior is pretty much on par with most of the other restaurants that have popped up in this area in the last couple years, with reclaimed wood interiors with small candlelit tables.   We started with the charcuterie and spicy devilled eggs to start. Both were tasty and appropriately priced, but the devilled eggs were admittedly not actually spicy. Still tasty, but adding a dusting of paprika is hardly spicy to me. Then as a second course we split an order of ribs, which were decent, but a little to overpowering in the citrus based acidity.  As a main, I rounded out my meal with the pulled pork sandwich with fries. The pulled pork was admittedly less acidic than the ribs and more savoury. The spinach in the sandwich was a nice addition but the tomato and mayo just made me realize the flavor of the pork isn't impressive enough if relying on additional sauces and juicy vegetables to affect its flavouring.   In the end for 4 beers, the 2 apps, an order of ribs and 2 mains came in a bit over $100 after tax and tip. So for what we turned into a 3 course meal, was perfectly adequate in price and results. I'll come back, but admittedly there are a few other joints in the neighbourhood which have priority in my dining agenda.~pork sandwich fries. pork spinach sandwich tomato pork 
This hidden gem was the perfect place to have lunch and a catch up session with an old friend.   We came on a weekday, and it was pretty full already. The menu is a pseudo all day breakfast fare with some lunch options too.   I like that they have something different. Farcous is a spinach pancake, flat and crispy. They have a traditional which is mixed also with red onion and cheddar, among others like with smoked meat. It comes with a big salad.  My friend got the ploughmans platter, a mix of smoked salmon, hard boiled egg, pate with a salad and other things. It was okay, and perfect to share both dishes.   I wouldn't come out of my way to eat here, but if you're in the area, definitely check it out.~spinach onion salad. smoked salmon 
Can I Get Banned From Yelp For Saying FOURSQUARE?  SITREP  This is definitely one reason for keeping your Foursquare app running on your iPhone.  I got a 2-4-1 Rum & Coke drink special $6, so I'm not complaining.  THE SETUP  Inside the Luxor Hotel, Liquidity is a nice chill bar that isn't as pretentious as some of the other bars on the casino floor or on the 2nd Level.  It's also - as far as bars go - a bit off the beaten path in this hotel and so only experiences half the congestion of the other bars.  DRINKS  Besides the special I mention at the top of the review, most of drinks are between $5 and $8, and include shots with them if you ask for the right ones.  I'm not really a gambler like the friends, and so chill spots like this are really nice to take a break at, especially when engaged in a deep conversation with someone.  THE LOWDOWN  When hanging out at the south end of the Vegas Strip, this is definitely a nice bar to retreat too away from the noise.~coke 
Liquidity is a bar lounge in the middle of the Luxor, the perfect place to have a drink or two prior to getting your night started.  The lounge has a nice cascading waterfall on the side and a small but good drink menu.  I must admit my favorite drink on the menu is called the Love Potion; which taste like a cherry jolly rancher candy, it is delicious. This is a great place to unwind after work or pre-drink before the nightclub.~cherry 
Do not use! We contracted this company to clean and seal our grout, clean our tiled shower and to fix two tiny places where the grout had "dropped". The technician arrived on time and began in the shower. About a half hour into the shower cleaning, he called for me to point out some places where the tile had been damaged....even apologizing for it. I texted the owner who told me that the technician had already called her and told her that he had pointed out the damage to me before he began. I corrected her and even told her that when I felt the tile where the damage had occurred, it was wet! He finally want on the last hallway, when he called to me agin to tell me that his machine had just stopped working. The hallway was covered in a slimy, wet cleaning solution. He then proceeded to mop it up and put some blowers on it to dry it. call number two to the owner and we agreed they would come back on Monday to redo. (This was a Thursday). The technician went out to his truck to retrieve the caulking gun to fix the two spots but returned empty handed because he could not find the gun. Oh and the grout was not sealed as promised! Saturday, as my husband and I left the house, we noticed a large brown stain surrounding the spigot that the technician had attached his hose to. Another call to owner and I explained that I no longer wanted the technician to come back on Monday....they had done enough to damage to my house. She explained that her partner (her husband-Leo) would be out Monday to inspect the damage. Leo arrived and told me that he felt that the brown stain was from a leak behind the wall and not from his technician not connecting properly. However, he said he would call We'd or Thursday and come out to clean the stain after the rain had stopped and the wall had had time to dry. Well folks, it is Saturday, and you guessed it....no phone call....no Leo. Do not call this company unless you want your house damaged. I have called another company to come in and repair all of the damage they have left behind and will be contacting our attorney to forward them the bill.~brown brown 
As a 19 year old college student, one could understand that I don't have a lot of extra money in my pocket to spare. I moved into my first apartment with high hopes of keeping it clean and receiving my security deposit back, however, between living with three roommates and having friends over - at the end of our one year lease we started to worry we were never going to get any sort of deposit back due to the tremendous amount of stains we had acquired in our carpet. Between owning three kittens, alcohol spillage, and mud tracked in from where we parked our vehicles, our capers looked like absolute hell.  I read the reviews for Service Clean on Yelp and saw that they seemed to be reasonably priced, efficient, professional, and understanding. It also looked like they were available, good at scheduling appointments and provided free estimates. We needed to get our carpets cleaned ASAP, considering we procrastinated doing it until we only had one week left in our lease, we were frantic to find a place that could fit us in & not break our budget.  Leo showed up on time and was excellent at explaining how the whole process worked from start to finish. Considering our young age, none of us knew what to expect or how anything worked, or if we would get dicked over on prices. Leo was very careful and kind. Myself and one of my roommates are both art majors and have a lot of delicate, large, awkward pieces scattered around the house. I was worried they would get bumped or ruined - but Leo was very mindful of all our belongings and nothing was damaged whatsoever. Leo and his partner were efficient, you can tell they work hard and fast, but take the time to make sure the job is done correctly. They wore protective footwear to not track any dirt or mud inside the house when they were going from the van to the house. They gave us each a pair as well which was awesome because once the job was done and we were waiting for our carpet to dry, we slid around in the booties on our fresh, clean carpet and celebrated with a dance off. Our carpets looked phenomenal, better than when we first moved into the place. Even our owner made a comment about that after seeing them! We received our security deposit back in full.  Great company. Great guys. Definitely would recommend & will be going back to in the future.~capers 
This is the first time I visit this restaurant.  They have more or less the same décor as the last owner.  The food surprisingly is good given the price of the dim sum.  The portion is large.  We order the beef ball and it comes with 4 balls, most of the restaurants only have 3.  One of the baked pie and sweet milk pudding that we ordered are not that good, the rest are above average.  You cannot beat the price with the quality in the location around.  They have lots of parking in the mall.~beef pie milk 
Looking for a new dim sum place, we ended up at Golden Crown Dynasty Cuisine.  Greeted with smiles, we were led into the dining area.   High ceilings, bright yellow walls, and actual cloth table coverings! Sure, there was a giant grease stain in the middle of the table, but I'll pretend I didn't see it.  The dim sum menu is extensive and they have some neat items. * I really liked the spicy shrimp dumplings with XO sauce! * The siu mai had huge shrimps and was fresh and piping hot. * Sticky rice was okay but nothing to rave about. * Beef noodle roll had celery in it... that's different... * We gave the crispy abalone pastry puffs a try, they didn't taste too much like abalone though.  * The escargot pie with Portuguese sauce was tasty but very sweet * For dessert, we ordered the two colour crystal balls... They looked exactly like the description.  Tasty dessert dumplings where you could see through to the filling (red bean and custard)  The food was freshly made and the portions weren't bad.  They give you 3 of everything which is different, there's usually four.  I went with one other person and we had to duke it out for the second piece of items we liked!  Overall, I had a nice dim sum experience and I will return if I'm in the hood.~shrimp shrimps beef celery pie 
I've been visiting Marmalade on and off since I started my new job, and have been here a few times before too. Every time food has been quick, yummy and a good price.   Today I had the Ploughman's Salad, which I thought would arrive in a small plastic container and I'd have to eat with those horrendous plastic forks. But no, a big plate of ham, cheese, egg, two kinds of pickle, lettuce and tomatoes landed on my table and I was mighty impressed. All for a paltry sum of £2.60! I think I will be a regular here from now on.~salad, cheese, egg, lettuce 
I love Cafe Marmalade for various reasons.   First of all, it produces amazing flavourful soups which tempt you to come back day after day... Every day they have 3 varieties of soups and you get a large hunk of baguette to go with it as well. So for example a large cup of tomato & bean soup to takeaway is £1.70.  One day I was hesitating between two flavours and the lady kindly offered a wee sample for me to taste which I thought was a nice touch. In fact all the staff there are super friendly and always smiling, which is another reason to go there.   Cafe Marmalade also does nice salads, wraps, sandwiches and cakes. They also sell portions of home made foods, e.g. lasagne so I would say pretty much all your lunch time needs are satisfied here :)~tomato & salads, wraps, 
A friend suggested we meet here for dinner. I agreed, then looked it up and was horrified by the reviews, and fearful of food poisoning. I told my friend that I would like to go conditionally--we could pop our heads in and if it looked okay, we could stay.  It looked okay, when checked out the place--maybe a little unpleasant, in that some of the tables were uncleared and so on, but this might just have been busyness. It was pretty full, with only a couple of seats going to spare. The woman who seated us seemed curt and sullen, however, there was a man who served our table for the most part (the woman refilled our tea once). The man was friendly, smiling and helpful.  We went for AYCE. And it was fine. I didn't get food poisoning, which always raises my rating of a restaurant where raw fish is served by one star.*  So it was fine. And the rolls were... fine. The ones made for us last night didn't look like they were made by a "blindfolded 8 year old cutting with a hacksaw" (as another reviewer eloquently put it--perhaps a different sushi chef, or else she encountered she same sushi chef as we did, but at the beginning of his career, and how he's in that mid-career slump). On the other hand, perhaps that would have made them more interesting, at least visually? They were pretty standard AYCE, generally. Taste-wise, they were fine, but not fabulous. Each piece of my dynamite roll was too big to manage in one bite, and we all know that this makes for some messiness, as you have to do it in two bites, the flavours don't blend the same way, and unless you're that special combination of skilled and lucky, it falls apart while your'e chewing your first bite. But it was fine. Nothing to write home about (home being Vancouver, where sushi is generally yum and less uneven than the stuff out here, it seems).  One special note is the spicy salmon roll. Last summer at a sushi place on the Danforth whose name I do not recall, a friend warned us away from the spicy rolls. He said that they use crappy cuts of fish and disguise it with the spicy sauce. I had never heard of such a thing--we often have sushi out in Waterloo (as we live there part time), and it has always been fine--the same cut of fish as the regular roll, with some spicy sauce drizzled over.  Last night, I saw what my friend meant. The spicy salmon roll featured finely chopped salmon, mixed with the spicy sauce--and closer examination confirmed that yes, the lighter stuff in the chopped meat side was not merely sauce, but also fatty, less appealing bits. I tried a bite and this reinforced my friend's warning, which I now pass on to you, with the note that at least for now, in Waterloo, this is not the case. There, the spicy rolls are not crappy cuts of meat disguised by spice. But sadly, at least some AYCE places here, no doubt faced with higher overhead and fierce competition, seem to have decided to take short cuts where they can least afford to--on the food itself, while hoping that the flat rate AYCE pricing will make up for it. The fact that I won't rush back to this place indicates that at least for me, the pricing doesn't make up for it--I'd rather have a tasty bento box, well-prepared, than such mediocre AYCE.   *I think my rating would more accurately (from the descriptions) be "meh--I've had better" because this is precisely true. But, most people seem to be writing really horrid reviews alongside their two star ratings, so I assume that 2 stars is actually more negative than that and three stars is more of a "meh" in practice. I'm going with that.~tea sushi sushi sushi salmon sushi sushi salmon salmon, 
I was in the neighbourhood to see a documentary and this place was literally across the street. Convenience won the day.  It was only after I sat down that I checked Yelp. Based on the reviews I was totally expecting a shitstorm the entire time, but alas, no horrifically crappy service or explosive diarrhea to speak of.   Granted, I had a lunch combo and can't speak for the AYCE situation.   The service was good, the food was decent. They could've given me more rice though...I was trying to hit my macros jeez.   And wondering whether they still serve salad with their hands? Ignorance is bliss.~salad 
Bad quality for a cheap price. It's not just the quality of the ingredients, but also the cooking methods. When you taste the chicken and say is this actually cooked enough that is enough to say this place is horrible. I do not say this from just one experience I say this from a couple and Everytime I ask the same question.~chicken 
After watching a great Hot Doc, my fiance and I were hungry and saw this place directly across the street.  We went with the more expensive AYCE menu.  Service wasn't so good.  Our waitress barely spoke english and was not very attentive.  Never noticed even a smile out of her.  We were seated near the front of the restaurant and felt a draft everytime the door was opened (also, there was a piercing squeak noise that happened everytime the door was pushed open all the way).   Now onto the food...sushi was so so with too much rice used.  Most of the had a pickled taste to it.....not sure what it was nor do I want to know now.  Sashimi was sub par.  Grilled meat tasted a little grisly and wasn't cooked enough.  I guess you pay for what you get and I should have walked further down the street t an a la carte sushi place.  I will not go back to this place...~sushi sushi 
After reading all the other reviews on here, I guess we got lucky tonight?  The servers seemed tired, but service was still good. We were promptly served our tea and water when we sat down, and the two waitressess tag-teamed our table returning multiple times through the meal to top up both types of drinks.  We came for the All You Can Eat (AYCE) dinner on a moderately busy Saturday night - there may have been 4 or 5 other tables being served along with us. On the weekends, the price is apparently raised by $1, so instead of it being $15.99 now, it's $16.99 on a Saturday (and I can only assume that applied to Friday and Sunday as well). (note: they did have the "lower" menu for $12.99 weekend price, but my buddy said that one doesn't come with Sashimi, so we went with the higher priced one.  The sushi was good. It wasn't great (I lived in Vancouver and have had GREAT sushi back in the day) but in my opinion it wasn't gross as some have suggested by any means. The presentation on our plates was also nice, as our multiple rolls and sashimi came out nicely presented (and our white salmon sashimi - which comes in thin strips - was presented looking like the flower of a rose, a beautifully artistic interpretation that I hadn't seen before.)  Sashimi was quite good. Nice and fresh. No complaints. Sushi rolls do come with a lot of rice, but they were tasty too. They had a few rolls I'd never seen before like the "Excellent Role" (I know, how awesome of a name is that!) which was shrimp and banana. My girlfriend and I felt adventurous and tried it and it worked really well in our opinion.  On the AYCE menu there was only 1 dessert, tempura friend Banana, which they pour a little chocolate over, and it was actually quite tasty. When we finished, they also offered us complimentary ice cream (Green Tea or Coconut flavours).  Overall, this place wasn't as bad as I was expecting. I've had better sushi, but I was spoiled living a few years on the west coast. The AYCE menu is pretty thorough with lots of choice, and the price is decent. I've not had much Sushi yet in Toronto since moving here, but this place was pretty good for what you got.  I want to say 3.5 stars, but that's not an rating option in Yelp, so this restaurant will benefit from the automatic round-up to 4-stars.~tea sushi sushi white salmon sushi shrimp banana. banana, ice cream ( tea coconut sushi, sushi 
Definitely not the best sushi place to be found in the area. Not that it's particularly bad or anything but it just doesn't live up to the standards set by its competition. Food was average and they didn't have the torched sushis, service was surprisingly slow since they had about three servers working and not a lot of people to serve.  If you're ever in the area looking to have some sushi, do yourself a favor and walk down the street to another restaurant.~sushi sushi, 
Too much rice filled with vinegar. Subpar if not rude service and stairs that you can die on walking to the washroom where you will want to vomit from the overpriced, terrible eating experience you just had. Got sick from eating here and regret giving these owners any money.   Don't believe the signs or the location, this place will be bankrupt soon and is a disgrace to sushi everywhere.  Head over to Big Sushi, Sushi on Bloor or really anywhere on the street you will have food that is 30x tastier with much nicer staff.~sushi sushi, sushi 
This place used to be really good before they renovated the location. However, the last time I went back to this place in September, the sushi rolls were basically the size of a coke can with an extremely big overload of rice. I would actually consider it a rice ball more than sushi. We had ayce but all we ended up getting were the rolls first and by the time we got through the rolls we had no more space for the sashimi. Bottom line, they tried to fill us up with rice so that we would eat less of the sashimi or other food on the menu (cheaper for them). This place for sure will run out of business if they keep this up. Even the lady serving us felt bad and understood when we wanted her to take away the remaining of the rice clumps.~sushi coke sushi. 
I love this AYCE and even for takeout, I go out of my way to come to Mariko because the rolls are big and the sushi is fresh. But yes, this is an affordable AYCE sushi spot with good customer service--they're pretty sweet and smile and work hard. Like the menu too, and the convenient location.~sushi sushi 
This was my husband's and mine first AYCE sushi place back in the day. It is a special place for us when we were just starting out. We went back for old time's sake for on a weekday night last week and the sushi and tempura were good. You get a choice to eat off the 16.99 AYCE or the 14.99 one. Not the top best but the price is good. The service is nice with a smile. Keep in mind this is in the university area and meant to be affordable. If you are looking for a good place and quick. There were many people coming in for pick up. I realized at the end of the meal that I forgot to take pictures so only managed to get the vegetarian rolls.  Which they have many vegetarian options. Also the fried banana tempura with chocolate is yummy!~sushi sushi banana 
The first time I walked in to Mariko, I sat at a table waiting for almost 15 minutes for someone to take my order before choosing to just leave. It wasn't busy, almost empty really, and servers could be seen chatting amongst themselves.  I should have heeded that warning.  Before Mariko, I wouldn't have believed that sushi could be made and served so poorly. The rolls were mostly rice, falling apart from poor construction, actually lukewarm, and the fish (what there was of it) was definitely not fresh. The "spicy sauce" that covered some options seemed to be little more than a greasy spiced mayonnaise-like goop that I might expect to see at a roadside Denny's.   A server dressed in dirty sweatpants? Dust-covered exposed wiring tangled around the tawdry lighting fixtures?   Never again.~sushi 
This isn't somewhere one goes for the ambience and I'm sure the service varies depending on who's working on a particular evening, but I went here for the first time with a friend last night, and our waitress was very friendly and helpful. The sushi was also fresh, delicious, and well prepared (the $17 AYCE).~sushi 
The worst sushi i've ever had in my life! it took more than half an hour to get our food (and they were not busy), when we did finally get it the food was inedible. the rice was soggy & so was the tempura. The staff was barely competent and even after interrogating me as to why i could not eat more than 5 pieces would not even take a dollar off the almost 30 that disgusting meal cost me.~sushi 
We're regulars here, often going on a weeknight after work.  We get great food -- though sometimes a bit uneven. Never had soggy tempura here (or agedashi dofu), though occasionally have had sashimi that was still a bit cold from freezing. Never had poorly rolled rolls, or otherwise sub-par food.  No language barrier for us, and we have an established relationship with the servers/chefs. Under these circumstances, the food is excellent.   It is not quite as clean as it used to be before the remodel, and service can be, but isn't always, a bit slow. But for the price, its been unbeatable for an all-you-can-eat sushi fix.~sushi 
Good service and a lot of vegan and vegetarian choices in a super reasonably priced "all-you-can-eat" @Bloor & spadina. Consistent quality and bottomless tea. We keep coming back and I am sure they sustain a heavy loss with my s/o that puts away enough vegan sushi to feed a small village...~tea. sushi 
I wish we had looked at the Yelp reviews earlier but with no phone on us we just walked in, baited by the $16.99 AYCE price.   My boyfriend wanted to celebrate a win by taking me to AYCE and we decided to finally cross off Mariko on our AYCE hit-list. For $16.99 all-you-can-eat, we didn't have any high expectations of the food quality. We just wanted to be full and be merry.  Food was average-below average but enough to satisfy. Tempura was never crispy (and if you think that's an undercooked yam tempura, no, it's just carrot.) The salmon sashimi was probably the only highlight of our night, though they were poorly deboned.  But oh, did we wait... I think we came in at 9:30PM and our first order didn't come in until 10:20ish. There were only three other tables. It was like this with all our orders until closing time. I guess on the bright side, we finally paced ourselves at AYCE and there were a set of flies that entertained us as we tried to keep them off of our chopsticks.  Service though? Really bad. Like, I don't think I've ever been this baffled by service in my life especially since my entire family (also Chinese) works in the restaurant scene. To start off, we were handed two sheets for AYCE but no pen/pencil. No plates for anything until we asked for them during our second order. Water has no ice and was lukewarm. I would not be surprised if it was like those restaurant stories my parents tell of places that rinse utensils in drinking water. Ha..  Communicating with the staff is terrible. They're always in a rush (to not serve the other customers) and were really condescending. I always like to give people the benefit of the doubt especially if English is not they're first language when it comes to tone (since I understand this issue having interacted with so many ESL Chinese) but no... the staff is just plain grumpy 24/7.   We were charged an extra ~$4 due to some miscommunication and after waiting for our waitress's 20 minute phone call to end, we flagged her down. We disputed this charge but instead of rectifying this issue (sounds familiar to some other yelp reviews?!) they asked why we even bothered coming here instead of the other AYCEs on Bloor. W-what? We were willing to pay the extra charge since it was a misunderstanding on both ends and it was only $4 but the immediate lashing out that occurred from wanting to get the situation clarified was downright unnecessary. They eventually removed the charge and we even *tipped* them (something I will regret to this day.) I was even more put off by how fiercely the waitress grabbed the money off of the table sans the tray by slamming her palm down on the bills and then clenching them in a fist while I was in the middle of exiting the booth..  To those that still want to try Mariko's AYCE for their first time and to those that will unknowingly walk in like we did, stay safe.~carrot. salmon 
Complete shite AYCE.  Yes, it's cheap. But it's freaking awful.   I was taken here on a really bad date (first & last) once.  The rolls look like they were made by a blindfolded 8 year old cutting with a hacksaw. They come out mostly rice with one tiny slice of rotten avocado or cucumber as an afterthought, doused in that sickingly sweet glaze sauce that makes everything taste better.  The decor is cheap and dated. I can't rememer if the service was horrible or not, so it was probably adequate.  There's cheap and then there's Mariko cheap. Don't say I didn't warn you.~date ( avocado cucumber 
Had the AYCE once. Wasn't bad, but not awesome either. Can find better for the price, but maybe not around.  Today I tried the chicken Katsudon, and once again flavor was fit for the price (bowl wasn't small, so you get some value).~chicken 
So me and my girlfriend wanted to eat some sushi and we went here to give it a try and to me it's was pretty crappy.. Their sushi rolls are bad because the seaweed and the rice are old. Not worth the money at all. They're getting 2 stars because the staff are nice and if you order more than $8 you get a choice of 3 pieces of dumplings or sushi.~sushi sushi sushi. 
The red snapper shashimi was soggy and mashed up. The waiter could barely comprehend what I wanted to order. She looked half asleep. I was ordering takeout and I asked for a fork with my garden salad. She predictably forgot. It was difficult just paying for the order--as she seemed so distracted and wasn't on hand to take my cash.   My verdict: Mediocre food, poor service~salad. 
The best part about Marikos is the price. 16.99 for a large selection of sushi. My girlfriend and I used to come here almost every other week (some months once a week). Sadly when i went by on December 12th there was an eviction notice in the window. Heartbroken i made my way to one of the many other restaurants around. RIP Marikos Sushi~sushi. sushi 
This is literally the WORST restaurant experience my boyfriend and I have ever, EVER had. I cannot find the words to express how terrible this place is. If I could give less than one star, I would.   Somehow, even the miso soup is awful... the cups tasted like soap but still seemed unclean, and the bowls had little flecks of paint chipping off. The rice was bordering on crunchy, the "spicy salmon rolls" looked like dog food smothered in a pinkish hot mayo, wrapped loosely in what I guess was supposed to be a roll.   After realizing that the rolls were horrendous, we thought we would stick to kitchen items. This was no safer; I bit into the "sweet and sour chicken" to find it was almost entirely raw on the inside.  We tried to wash everything down with plentiful amounts of water from our soapy, dingy cups, but the server ignored us entirely and did not refill our cups. We were one of two couples in the place, and yet we were entirely ignored for most of our time there.   When my boyfriend went to pay, he saw the cook sleeping in a booth....~miso salmon chicken" 
I work at a restaurant as a food runner, and if there is one immutable law of bringing food to a table, it is that you serve all the people at the table as close to simultaneously as you can. I came here with my girlfriend a couple of weeks ago, and, given that we are a mere table of two, the difference in time between our receiving of meals should be measured in split seconds. It wasnt. My meal came first, and when it became apparent that hers wasnt coming any time soon, I tried my utmost to exercise self-control in eating my meal. Given that I was sure the fish wasnt the freshest to begin with, I didnt much like the idea of sitting and watching it get older, but propriety demanded it of me. About 15 minutes later, we had both had enough. I was given the green light to begin eating. By the time I was finishing my meal, roughly 15 minutes after that, her meal finally came out. Her avocado Salad consisted of  a whopping amount of iceberg lettuce and a whole quarter of an avocado. We both left the restaurant in a pissy mood, and our hunger was only slightly put off. I spent the next 10 hours skirting around illness. As far as cheap sushi on bloor goes, you can get better for cheaper.~avocado salad iceberg lettuce avocado. sushi 
Cheap sushi, especially for all you can eat. But I've had my order "rejected" from delivery because it's too busy in the restaurant... definitely not good enough to warrant that.~sushi, 
Usually when reviewing Toronto sushi places I talk about how the food was bad but the service was amazing. Today it's going to be switched up a little. The food here was ok. Got a bento for $9.95. Three kinds of maki, all rolled properly, well seasoned rice, avocado and salmon were fresh. Miso soup was very savoury. Salad dressing was awesomely tart. Chicken teriyaki was fine. Spring roll was fine. Tofu was superb. Mountain of food for a low price. Only downside was that the tempura was horrendous. It was soggy.   When I walked it in took three minutes to be noticed, greeted, and seated. There were two servers and only four occupied tables (and they were standing about, not at the tables). There's no excuse. The menu is huge so a couple minutes later I'm still holding it in front of my face reading it and a server comes and says "Are you ready yet?" and I suppressed a "Yes, I'm just reading now for the entertainment value". I order and it takes too long to get to me. While waiting I notice there is a dinner ayce menu which was never offered to me. Oh well, not too hungry anyway, but would have been nice to be told about it. When she brings my food my water is empty. She looks at glass. Doesn't fill it. Ten minutes later she walks by, glass is empty, looks at it, doesn't fill it. Third time she walks by I ask. She still doesn't fill it. Five minutes later another server fills it. I must have tired out the girl by asking her for water because she disappeared but more on that later. As I eat I notice the floor is disgusting. Chopstick here, lump of rice there, no effort to do anything about it. I also notice the server that didn't disappear is just chilling up front drinking a bubble tea instead of working. I finish the food. Server walks by. "Are you done?" I say yup. "Can I get you anything else?" I say no. Wait 20 minutes, never see a bill. Get up and approach her. As I do I find server #1 sprawled out in a booth taking an effing nap! Can you imagine? Server two says "Do you want to pay?" and I suppress a "No, I'd just thought I'd do laps of the place to work off the bento". She starts looking at the menu and mumbling to herself. I don't have time for it. Drop 11.25 on the counter and walk out. No tip for the first time in my life. Won't be back.~sushi avocado salmon miso salad chicken tofu tea 
My partner and I are regulars here and WE LOVE IT.  The food is AMAZING and cheap as it gets for AYCE.  That being said, if you are expecting ambiance and five star service, you're at the wrong place.   We have never really had an issue with service, in fact, because we are regulars, we have established a relationship with the regular server and the chefs; as such, when they are in we get special treatment (free drinks, special sushi not on the menu, etc.). Bottom line, for the price, the quality of the food is top notch but you won't get much else unless they get to know you.~sushi 
Yeah this place pretty much uses pretty poor quality of fish and small cuts. We did not order the all you can eat either. This is what happens when instant gratification and starvation are mixed.~instant 
WORST DINING EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE....  We went in for the 10.99 all u can eat...  The service was slow and sub-par  but this didn't really bother me... The food was really bad and the worst sashimi I have ever tasted...but still whatever it was only 10.99 right?  Well  when i went to pay they wanted to charge us 17.99, even though all of the banners say 10.99.  After a brief argument the one waitress called the manager on the phone screaming in Japanese  and finally charged us 10.99, still insisting she told us when we ordered that we were getting the more expensive menu??  SHE DID NOT....  This is where it gets good...  she than yells at me saying Im never welcome again.. I said fine...this is the worst sushi I have ever had and I wouldn't dream of coming back..she than barked  at me again.   At this point I had enough and told her where to go, at which point the waitress turned around and slapped me in the face twice  YES  she actually physically assaulted me!!!   But it didnt stop there!  She then shoved me into a table...After this I unleashed hell fire on her and ran out.  I'm still pondering pressing assault charges just not sure if i want to waste any more energy on it... I'm still shocked it happened....Difficult customer or not you NEVER lay a hand on a customer.  The place was full as well with a lot of witness's.~sushi 
The Good:  There are two options for AYCE. So, for people who only like Veg, Chicken, or Beef in their rolls and no fish you don't have to pay full pop.  The decor is in keeping with the nicer sushi restaurants in the area.  The Bad:  Way too much rice on the sushi. I know there is supposed to be rice on sushi, I'm not freaking out over carbs. This was out of hand. There was hardly any fish in the rolls! Where are the nice big chunks of salmon and tuna?   The rolls were not well assembled. some where falling apart when picked up with chop sticks - the sign of a poorly trained (if at all) sushi chef.   We like to order a lot of sashimi. The first round of salmon sashimi was excellent. The second round was clearly cut the tail end of the fish were there is more marbling and fat. This cut of salmon is not normally for sushi. It's creamier consistency is better for some rolls, but not sashimi.   The severs were nice, but very difficult to communicate with. This is pretty typical for a lot of sushi restaurants in the area.   The Ugly:  When you're given a menu and pen/pencil to fill it out, a 4cm pencil covered in black gunk is not what you want when you're ordering food.   It took forever for our first order to arrive! I'm not expecting fast food, but at least bring out the first roll or two within 15 minutes.   ***The lesson here: you get what you pay for. *** This place is about 30% cheaper than other AYCE sushi restaurants in the area, and the quality of the food is at least 30% lower. I like quantity when it comes to sushi, but quality counts for so much more.~chicken, beef sushi sushi. sushi, salmon tuna? sushi salmon salmon sushi. sushi sushi sushi, 
worst sushi place ever!  The food is not fresh (you can see black stuff on the avocado).  The fish is not fresh also, the taste is a bit weird.  There are orders missing so we have to order again. When the order came, there is soooooooooooo much rice on the roll (i never see that much rice in a roll).  Even the yam tempera is not sweet.  Worst place ever.   too bad i forgot to take picture of the food to prove myself.~sushi avocado) 
My buddy, Eric, and I come here for lunch pretty much every Tuesday and order one of their lunch specials.  They are an unbelievable deal.  For example, for just $5.25, you receive miso soup and a bento box with chicken teriyaki, rice, salad, 4 California rolls and two tofu cubes (somewhat sauteed).  Hey, you also get a bottomless cup of green tea.   We've been alternating restaurants in the Annex area for years but this has been the most popular for us.  Healthy and a terrific deal.  Can't beat this place.  And, after all these years, the staff knows us so it's kind of like walking into Cheers for us.  "Norm!"~miso chicken salad, tofu tea. 
I've come here way more times than I can count, and I find Mariko to be a top-notch place for sushi on a budget. For just over $15 you can get AYCE of plenty-palatable fish (and whatever else you want). I eat a lot of salmon and tuna, and they are always good+. On a few lucky occasions I've gotten outstanding tuna that melts in your mouth like butter. I'm not a fan of the sushi pizza, but everything else I've eaten has been very enjoyable: dumplings, skewers, seaweed salad, various rolls, nigiri, sashimi. Ambiance is not great, and the plastic water cups sometimes taste like cleaner, but I find Mariko to be a solid sushi meal at a great price.~sushi salmon tuna, tuna butter. sushi pizza salad, sushi 
This is the WORST SUSHI IN TOWN. DO NOT GO. Popped in before a movie which is the only reason it does any business I am guessing from reviews below. YIKES! I was in a hurry for a take-out order. TWO of us got SICK with BAD STOMACHS for two days! The place is FILTHY, starting with the front door, fingerprints, and dirty floors. A very bad sign. The first thing I clocked inside were the Chinese (nothing Japanese here) employees and owners' SHOES thrown on the floor in front of the 'sushi bar!' Only one couple in the restaurant. Mops are visible, brooms, and crap surrounds the food area. The first banquet is totally covered full with papers and plastic bags, there are filthy chairs that need to be tossed they are so dirty dirty dirty. The staff who wore dirty tops barely understood my order, and though the prices are good, the food made ever so slowly by a tired elderly Chinese gentleman (who looked as though he should have his feet up in front of TV not working) was the worst I have ever had. IGNORE any reviews that like this place, those are not people with any food standards whatsoever. FEH!~sushi sushi 
I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews of this place. I have been several times and have always enjoyed the food and found the service to be very good. I have never had an issue with quality and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Mariko.  I eat a lot of sushi and I have most of the sushi restaurants in the area. Mariko is as good as any of the others.~sushi sushi 
Why oh WHY did I let my stomach sucker me into coming here?  I know I say this about pretty much every Japanese restaurant except Japango, Asahi and Yuzu no Hana, but this has to be the worst one in Toronto.  OBVIOUSLY it is run by Chinese folk, not Japanese, which makes it all the more obvious why it sucks. I asked for a substitution and they said: NO CAN DO, until I offered to pay more money to avoid eating crap. *rolls eyes*  I ordered the Wakame Salad, which came drenched in a disgustingly sweet sauce of sesame. Not a drizzle, a SOUP of dressing covering the few leaves of wakame is not my idea of a good Japanese salad.  The miso soup was standard but I only got 2 tofu cubes.  I also got the chicken teriyaki which was not what I was expecting, it came as a sizzling hot plate instead of drenched in that thick lovely soy sauce and flavoured beautifully. It lacked seasoning, was on a bed of horribly cooked onions and carrots, and I was so hungry, I ate it all.  But I am never coming back, and if you had a smartphone (unlike me, as I am internet-less most of the time I am out of the house), you would have yelped this and avoided it like the effing plague.~salad, salad. miso tofu chicken soy sauce 
Had dinner with some friends at Mariko tonight, it was.. ok.. certainly nothing special...  +ve's:  -even though the place was reasonably busy, the service was quick. -inexpensive  comments (not really -ve's, but close): - edamame and anything sweet for desert are a la cart and not included with the AYCE - kinda odd  -Water was brought to the table and we were never asked if we wanted anything else.  I certainly would have expected tea rather than water.  The refilling of the water glasses was labored at best.  -The sushi, sashimi, tempura, udon were all ok. The fish seemed a bit on the old side - kinda soft and mushy - maybe it'd been frozen? dunno.  The udon broth was kinda tasteless.  The tempura was not bad, but a little greasy - same was true for the gyoza, not bad, but a bit greasy.~edamame tea sushi, 
I came for the AYCE and remind me never to go for all you can eat.  MSG induced perhaps?  I never feel like I get my dollars worth since I don't eat that much...  I've had their lunch specials which were ok.  Unfortunately I don't remember what I ordered but it was your standard annex sushi bento box...~sushi 
I've only been for AYCE, and while for the price I don't anticipate stellar service, I do simply ask that my request to have my food not come in contact with animal products be respected. I don't need sterilized separate utensils, but not having to return a large plate of avocado maki that is covered in roe would be awesome.  Even in my omnivorous days, fish and seafood grossed me out. This kind of experience doesn't really help the matter much.  The prices are solid if you have no dietary restrictions, and they've never once cut me off, even though I can devour an inhumane amount of food.  Go in with minimal expectations, and an empty stomach.~avocado 
I've visited Mariko on Bloor (near Bathurst) twice now, and was surprised to see it wasn't listed on Yelp yet.  My first visit to this location was initiated by their signage.  They always seem to have some sort of special on, which is great for students.  They have a $10.99 AYCE menu (albeit VERY limited), and a $14.99 AYCE which includes sashimi (2 or 3 types).  They also have "FREE DAYS", where each day of the week, you get something free with your meal (ie. tofu & miso on Sundays).  Both times I have been there, service has been brutal.  There were times that the waitress was just sitting at a table with her head down, and one of the chefs would come over to serve us after our failed attempts to get her attention.  The first visit, I ordered à la carte, and the food came out beautifully prepared and displayed.  (see picture I will be uploading) The second visit, which was AYCE, it was as though they couldn't care less.  It was all just laid on a big plate in rows.  The salmon sashimi came out in super thin slices, yet all still stuck together by some fatty tissue at the corner.  I have never seen sashimi cut so poorly in my life!  And the fish just did not seem like sushi grade.  I was so disgusted, I didn't re-order anything but basic rolls.  But even the spicy salmon roll was purely mushy, and it appeared that the chef hadn't cleaned his prep area between preparing rolls.  Rolls that weren't supposed to have fish eggs on them had a few scattered bits of tobiko around the outside, that clearly didn't come from just being on the plate.  It's so important for sushi chefs to use clean surfaces when preparing different rolls or fish.   For a second time, I was disgusted.  The interior is a cold blue, and the lighting is just as unwelcoming.  I think they've installed fluorescent lighting panels on the walls, and put transparent images of bamboo over them, as if they could act as sconces.  FAIL  We overheard a diner behind us asking the waitress to recommend something delicious he hadn't tried before, and she suggested the dynamite roll.  I couldn't believe it.  The customer looked pretty disappointed too.  If I had to rank the million sushi places on Bloor, Mariko would be wayyy down on my list.  If you're going to try it, my only advice is not to go for the AYCE.  It's just not worth it in the end if you can't enjoy your meal.  Part of the joy of sushi is the presentation and preparation.  It should be a feast for the eyes as well, and Mariko seems to think that it's alright to offer an inferior meal to their AYCE customers.  Later found out they had a conditional pass back in April '09.  See here for details:  http://app.toronto.ca/food2/DineSafeMain?userRequest=view_history&ESTABLISHMENT_ID=10186766~tofu & miso salmon sushi salmon sushi sushi sushi 
I went to the West Side Market on a Saturday morning. Yea, I know. I don't really know what I was thinking either.   It was a chaotic, glorious mess of old and young Clevelanders bustling around grabbing local goodies. You couldn't walk 2 steps without accidentally tripping on a stroller. Let's just say it wasn't the environment for the easiest shopping trip.  I guess what I'm trying to say is that on days like that, you aren't expecting the best customer service from a swamped merchant at the market. But in a lucky twist of fate, Fosters Meats came through with the perfect amount of helpfulness, knowledge and patience. Hallelujah!   Jason, Kelton and I stopped by the WSM for a roast and some fresh bread. We didn't think it would take long so we scooped up the first 15 minute parking spot we could find. The first steps we took inside I was thinking we might want to move the car--with this crowd we were going no where fast!  We didn't move the car, but we did start to make our way through the crowd until we spotted the first meat counter, Fosters. We were immediately noticed and asked if we needed help! Wow. So, Jason quickly explained what we were looking to cook and how many we were serving hoping to get some guidance on what to purchase. The Foster's employee cut us the perfect portion of beef at the right price and it turned out delicious! He even worked with the credit card minimum to make sure we were happy campers and got us out in time to move our car!  Polite, quick, efficient, helpful and actually smiling! Yes, I as surprised too! I mean, if I were working on a busy Saturday at the West Side Market, I'd be one crabby broad. I could learn a lesson or two from the Fosters folks, that's for sure.~beef 
I have come here for YEARS and I guess I've just gotten used to fabulous meats, helpfulness even on packed Saturday's and "thank you's" - today was even better!   Beautifully marbled beef short ribs, a gorgeous round roast, some ground lamb and a discussion about Denver cuts - all with the nicest crew in the market! Thank you as always guys!~beef lamb 
Two things need saying.  1. Lamb.  2.  Goat.  Sure, maybe not your favorites, but if you're looking for quality -- well, when I started buying from them a few years ago, I haven't bought lamb or goat elsewhere.  NOT THE CHEAPEST, but you're paying for excellent meat!  Courteous, friendly, but go either on Monday or Wednesday to avoid the weekend strangulation most people think of when they think of the WSM.~lamb. lamb 
It's a very authentic Sichuan restaurant, though with limited menu. The price is one of the reasonable in the city. 3 mains, 1 entrée, and 2 drinks only cost 30 euros.  Most dishes are spicy, better watch out for Sichuan pepper and not bite it.  A bit packed with Chinese; so, it could be somehow noisy.  Recommendation: Spicy beef salad~beef salad 
If you want a crappy, messy job. Reymundo is your guy. He is a CON MAN. We bought a house at the end of March. Got his number through another contractor. Had him come out to measure and give me an estimate for granite work in the house (2.5 bathrooms, and kitchen). After 3 failed appointments, he finally showed up and gave me an estimate as said the work would be done in 7-10 days. Ok no problem. 3 weeks later and my granite still wasn't installed. Lots of phone calls, text messages, and voicemails and I still didn't have my granite. He finally got back in touch with me to install it at the end of April. Everything was installed so I finished paying him in full. I noticed the same night that there was a crack down the middle of the sink in the master bath. I called him and informed him about it and he said no problem he will have a replacement in 3 days. Here we are in JUNE and he still hasn't come back to replace it. He sparingly responds back to any of my calls/messages and when he does its "let me call you back later this week". At one time he even gave me a date of when he would install, and my husband and I both took the day off to make sure we were available for him and he never showed up.  He is a con man and if you wanna be ripped off, give him a call. I would give him no stars if Yelp allowed it. What a jerk.~date 
3 different size washers 2 - 4 dollars a load. Bill to bill machine. Change machine. Places to fold your clothes. Plenty of rolling baskets to put stuff in. Lots of seating. Coke machine. Televisions located throughout. They even have comfy padded chairs. Pretty clean for a laundromat. Bathrooms located onsite. The only thing keeping it from five stars is that there is no way to get cash if you don't have some already. Also, there are not that many wall outlets for charging your phone, or whatever it is that you need one for. I suppose it is a lot cheaper than laundromats I have been to in the past. If needed, I wouldn't mind having to come here again. It is without a doubt the nicest laundromat I have ever been to.~coke 
Omg...do NOT go in there!! Especially if you are white! My fiancée and I went in there today with our service dog to wash his bed..qe drove all the way from Lake wylie because it has good ratings, is clean and I have had several great/helpful service experiences in there before. We were harassed, threatened, cussed at, had the police called on us, one male employee grabbed my when I leaned over the counter to look for a business card. This woman did not like us, or the dog I'm not sure, we were told to get the fuck out of there and physically threatened.  We did NOTHING to deserve this!! The black woman behind the counter claimed to be the owner. She gave no reason for why she would not allow us to go about our business. The screaming, cussing and horrible attitude toward us was not about the dog, it was a clearly a racially motivated act. Three black people or more ganging up on us, humiliating us in front of everyone. I have never gotten this from any previous employees there, but previously, it was staffed by several different Hispanic or white employees that were kind and helpful. These people had NO REASON to treat us this way or discriminate against us for either race or having a service dog.~white! white 
The Fox Bistro is the restaurant at the Radisson so we were assuming that the food would be fine and gave it a try as we had a coupon for it.  As you walk in, the first thing you notice is that it is very dated inside, and the bar crowd. We were the only table in the whole place besides some people staying at the hotel watching the world cup and having some drinks at the bar.  The menu is very simple, not big at all. I wasn't very hungry so I just got a club house while my other got the lasagna.   The waiter wasn't paying any attention to us at all, he was busy watching the game with the guys at the bar, we had to keep getting his attention. If we were the only table don't you think he should of gave us just a little more attention?  When the food finally came, I saw all these yellowish looking stuff on my sandwich, the description said mayonnaise NOT HONEY MUSTARD SAUCE! I dislike mustard and I was shocked to see honey mustard all over my sandwich, I have never seen a club house with mustard on it, so I was very surprised.  The lasagna looked very portion packed and when we asked about it, the waiter said "its frozen, we just heat is up" you would assume for 20 bucks at least could  make their own lasagna. What's the point going to a restaurant to have something heated up when you can do the same thing at home?  I'm glad I had to chance to see what this place was about as I was curious but I will never be going back.~sandwich, honey honey sandwich, 
We went in this restaurant in the hotel because it was convenience, not my choice but my family's. Milestones and Swiss Chalet were too busy for them on a Friday night, no one in this place so quiet. Apps were good, nice French onion soup but small portion. Do not order sandwiches, very small portions on grocery store sandwich bread and small sides - not worth price. I make nicer grilled cheese sandwiches at home, without finger holes in the bread. While server was attentive, he overstayed his welcome. My family was on a stopover so it was my only night to see them for a few hours. The server lingered and made inappropriate conversations we were not interested in having, even going so far to joke about my RMT career and refer to me as a masseuse. We did not want to be rude, so we eventually left irritated. I served for 12 years and would never imagine lingering unwanted at a table making conversations of my own choice to pass the time.~onion sandwich cheese 
My girl friend and I stayed at this Radisson twice and were given continental breakfast vouchers on both occasions. We didn't have time to take advantage of it the first time but we decided to give it a try on our second visit.  The moment we walked into the restaurant  was like going through a time machine. Boy~ the decor was immensely outdated; it felt as if we had just gone from year 2010 to 1980's...  The experience pretty much went down hill from that moment and on... 1. the waitresses were not very attentive at all even though we were THE ONLY table.  2. The continental breakfast only included the cold section of the break (breads, fruits and croissant...) but we chose to to add $6 for hot buffet because the croissants and fruits had obviously been left for several days (no jokes, the croissant had a kind of fermenting smell to it) and spoiled.   3. Fine... so off we go to the hot buffet (the selection was very LIMITED) but we thought how can we go wrong with $6 buffet? WRONG! The scramble eggs was blah and the bacons tasted like it'd been several days old...  Well, I can go on and on about how bad this place is but I won't... You probably get the idea anyway... Stay away from this place since there are so many choices (and MUCH better) right outside the steps of this hotel (Tim Horton's, Kelsey's, Subway, Milestones, Sushi, Swiss Chalet and etc...).~sushi, 
I'll eat anything. Don't get me wrong. I love great food. But I'm also not super picky.  This was terrible. Awful. First of all, breakfast isn't hard. But it was for them. The buffet seemed lackluster so I ordered eggs Bennie. It's kind of my "treat" when I'm traveling. I was informed a little after I ordered I couldn't have them because they were out of English muffins and ham. It's Thursday. Really?   So I opted for the buffet. The hash browns tasted rancid. That made me fear the eggs. They actually tasted okay. But by then I was put off. The bacon was half cooked and so greasy. And the sausages - well at least they were cooked through.  The muffins were stale and the croissants were undercooked (hint: they shouldn't be white).  I felt bad for the server because she seemed aware everything was crappy. She was at least quick to refill the coffee (which wasn't terrible).  I wasn't expecting 5 star dining but this was ridiculous.~bacon white) coffee ( 
We contacted Grout Medic to address some discoloration issues with grout in our kitchen & master bath room prior to placing our home on the market. We waited a very long time to get an appointment for an estimate but the owner, Beth, was very nice. I was very specific with what I wanted to have done and it was very important to me that the replacement grout match the color of adjacent grout. We delayed placing our home on the market to accommodate their schedule. We let them know that our house would be shown to prospective buyers the day after their work was completed. My husband was home when the work was done but since he works from home, he was not able to constantly supervise the work (not that he should have to). When I arrived home from work, what I noticed was the mess that the workers left all over my kitchen counter. There were large gobs of caulk smeared on the counter and even on my towels. When I went upstairs to see the master bathroom, I noticed immediately in the upstairs that all surfaces where covered with a fine layer of white dust. Apparently, the workers did not close the door to the bathroom when they removed the existing grout. I also noticed that the color of the caulk did not match the adjoining grout. The grout was smeared on & was very noticeable. The ceramic tile in the shower had been nicked by the saw that had been used to remove the grout. This could not be fixed unless all the tile was removed. The caulk in the kitchen did not match either. Bottom line---no matter what they say, caulk does not match grout. Needless to say, I was furious. I had paid for what was a lousy job & had an evening ahead of me to clean the mess that was left. I immediately called the company & the lady who answered the phone was surprised that I was so upset. She assured me that the owner would call me & that we had the best worker on the job. The owner never called. Why should she? She already had my money. I have had to pay to have this lousy job fixed. I would never recommend this company to anyone EVER. I would give the zero stars~white 
A nice, clean bowling alley.  Most alleys have pretty much the same features as all the rest--lighted lanes at night, birthday parties, pizza and burgers, etc.  At Squaw Peak though, you get it all without the dinge and wear that I usually see at a lot of other bowling alleys.  The bathroom ain't scuzzy, and you don't smell residual 30 year-old cigarette smoke.  I went here with my family last night and had a great time.  After a warm-up, I bowled a 161--the best game I ever played.  I think you'll have fun too.~pizza burgers, 
If/when i go bowling, its up in N phx or N scotts. This place seemed out of date for an AMF. The screens are old school, and they don't have the stupid videos playing when you get a gutter ball.  We went last minute on a sunday night...it was more busy than i thought. Maybe half the lanes were full. The bar was open (I headed that direction first time). I can't complain about the customer service. Place was clean.  I guess just 3 stars cuz of  lack of cool vidoes, and disco feeling that i get at newer AMFs~date 
So, we  had a company party here last night, and we got to bowl 2 games.  There were quite a few of us here, and overall, things went smoothly without incident.  I normally don't hang out on this side of town.  To me, its kind of an older, slightly run down part of town.  Not scary, just.....old.  I don't know how long this bowling alley has been around, but it appears probably a few years.  We had several pizza's ordered while we were there, and surprisingly, the pizzas were tasty!  Much better then the last time we were here last year.  They serve beer, and thats always a great becuase it makes bowling much more fun.  I don't know that I would personally return to this location, as I really wasnt all that impressed. Its decent, but nothing that I would return to.~pizza 
I recently moved to the Phoenix area and joined a bowling league here. It's in an older part of town - but safe. The snackbar is small buy has a fairly decent menu. I had a burger and it was quite tasty - greasy just like a bowling alley burger should be.  The staff is nice. The scorekeepers have recently been updated from what I was told and do the job - nothing fancy. If you're looking for an "old school" bowling alley - a place to have fun without the attitude or frills then this place is it.~burger burger 
Bowling+ Alcohol+Rock and Roll+ Cool Lights = Good Times..and low bowling scores!!!!   So AMF is OK..I have experienced better.  This location is your typical hometown bowling alley minus the line dancing or Karoke on Friday and Saturday nights...at least that's what my hometown bowling alley had.  Oh wait so does this AMF in the bar...speaking of the bar...most of the staff here sucks and for the majority are probably older then this bowling alley itself, the drinks suck for the most part...the only thing I have had here that tastes halfway decent is the Long Island Ice Tea...but even a blind monkey could not mess making one of these drinks it is virtually impossible.   Prices are OK, the Rock and Roll bowling is cool but I think it is about time this place maybe did a remodel, all the balls are quite old and most of them need a good refurbishing. Plus it is kind of dirty, but what can you expect for a Bowling Alley..just go and look at the mix of freaks on any league night.   NUFF SAID!!!:)  I am still searching for a "GOOD" bowling alley.~tea... 
I suck at bowling, and yet I love it.  I love that I can like something some consider a sport.  I love that it's totally ok that you aren't any good.  A group of people who aren't good at something can have a great time doing it talking about how bad they are.    This is my designated bowling center.  Sure, we go lots of other places, but this is always a solid central location.  Plus, the fact that it's so close to the Biz is a definite bonus!  (I've had several years of "Bowling & Boogie" themed Birthdays...I'm a geek, but I'm ok with that.)  Though I've always called ahead just in case, I've never had trouble getting a lane or two here.  The food is fairly decent too in a way that only bowling alley food can be.  And what the heck is it about Bowling Alley bars???  My friend has a theory that the better the drinks the more games you'll play - both to keep drinking and then to sober up before you go home.   The facilities are a bit older, and you'll find a few areas that could use a bit of freshening up from years of wear, but I don't mind that kind of thing so much in a bowling alley.  Hopefully you won't either.~sport. 
Sonora Hot Dog...How can you go wrong with a bacon wrapped hot dog?  Pretty good when your hungry and tired from walking up and down the strip.~hot dog... bacon hot dog? 
Jac and Ray has been open for a few years,  I used to go all the time. They were less expensive to get a burger meal, than any other place in the mall.  After drastic changes in management, the service became horrible, and the prices started going up. I stopped going there, and it's been over a year since I had last been there.  I decided to give them another try. The quality of service has improved 100%. The girls behind the counter, were very friendly and efficient!   The time it takes to get your food is still very long. However the burger is made of fresh ingredients. The first time back, will not be the last time.~burger burger 
The service was friendly. I ordered a Cuban sandwich and enjoyed it. The price was reasonable.~sandwich 
This is one of the most affordable and tastiest spots at the Fashion Show food court. Their menu carries a good variety of salads, sandwiches and appetizers for a good price ($4-$9). The service is fast and friendly and the portions are generous.   Food tips: The papanachos (cheese, bacon, side of ranch), chicken tenders, black angus burger, and Philly cheesesteak are great options for lunch. And if you are really hungry... Make your sandwich a meal and upgrade your fries to papanachos for a few extra dollars.~salads, appetizers cheese, bacon, chicken burger, sandwich fries 
More of meh food.   Real messy. Messy taste and can be pricey. Cheese and bacon fries aren't that great. NY wasn't great. Found a curly hair.   Just... Okay food.~cheese bacon fries curly 
Came here for a late lunch with Uncle, nephew and Jessica M. We all almost got the same thing. Well me and my nephew did. We both got the New York bomber but I got  my fries Papanachos style. It was a little more pay but it looked good. And yes it was good. A little salty cause of the bacon bits. My Jessica M. got the Cuban fusion. It was really good.   I'd come back but I would try the Philly and the fish and chips.   The place is in the food court of the Fashion Show Mall.~fries bacon chips. 
Other reviewers elsewhere complain of long waits and poor service, but we didn't experience either. Not the most friendly staff, but they were efficient and we had our breakfasts in just a few minutes. I chose the breakfast special - $4.99 (two eggs - any style - bacon ham or sausage, and toast) my eggs were "over-easy" and were done perfectly. My friend had pancakes - $2.99 and she said they were quite good.  Our experience was good enough to try lunch - big sandwiches that look quite tasty.~bacon sausage, pancakes - 
I was desperate and had no choice but eat at the food court.  After standing in line for what seems like hours at the Wendy's, I gave up and made my way to Jac & Ray where I was immediately greeted and helped.  I had the pita with chicken, cheese, mushrooms, onions and bell peppers.  The portion was very large and the flavors were actually really good.  Don't waste your time and money at other mediocre food stands and try Jac & Ray instead.~chicken, cheese, mushrooms, bell 
The Embellished Room offers an array of clothing for women looking for something trendy but not wanting to break the bank.   Every item here (with the exception of some sale items) is $29.99.  At this price, many of the finds here would be considered a steal, but for some items (like a simple t-shirt) the $29.99 flat rate seems a little over-priced.  I find the majority of their clothing is lacking in the quality department and I don't feel the price justifies the fact that your garment may or may not last you more than 2 washes in the laundry.  That being said, I do have a few pieces from TER that I love and have lasted me throughout the years.    Extra props goes out to the fabric bags they GIVE you when you buy something, and they don't try stuffing 12768 articles of clothing in one tiny bag.  (American Apparel- take note)  I would recommend making absolutely sure that you actually want what you're buying (try some stuff on, sleep on it, then come back to buy if you really want it).  Inspect the garment(s) and ensure there are no rips, tears, or stains.  Exchanging stuff here is a BIG hassle.  Note their return policy (as written on their receipt):    No refunds.  One time exchange only on $29.99 items with original receipt within 14 days and cannot be exchanged for other price point items.  If there is a price markdown on an item and it is being exchanged, the new price would be what the customer would get as credit when exchanging regardless of the original price paid.  Tags must be on item.  Sale/off season items cannot be exchanged.  Store credits are valid for a period of 3 months from the date of issuance.    The Embellished Room holds the right to change/discontinue any promotion without notice.  All products purchased must be checked by customer before leaving the store.  Any claims or damages after wards will not be allowed. Scanned register price will be taken as correct and final price.~date 
When it comes to the actual product, the fro yo tastes incredible. The array of flavors is diverse and tasty, and I always find something I like. My favorites are the cookies and cream and cinnamon bun.   However, there are two reasons I can't give this place five stars. First, the staff is pretty unfriendly and rude. I walk in with a cheerful smile on my face and I am treated coldly by the person at the register.  Second, their sample policy is the most absurd rule I've ever encountered. You used to be able to grab sample cups and try whichever flavors you choose. But now, you have to go to the register, ask for a sample, the employee awkwardly stands there while you tell them which sample you want, and he/she serve it to you. Excuse me, but I am NOT five years old. I don't need someone to serve me my fro yo samples--no other fro yo place I've been to has done this. One night I walked in and the place was absolutely crowded with customers, but the employee left the register and a long line of customers in order to serve me samples. That's pretty ridiculous if you ask me. I don't need to feel belittled/patronized every time I want to get fro yo. And to be honest, this is the main reason why I've stopped going here.~cookies 
Once, me and a friend were in Legacy Village just walking around after she had already bought a smoothie from around the corner. We noticed this place had just opened, because I was craving something sweet and was headed to Cookies By Design.  We stopped in, and it wasn't crowded at all, although the amount of employees standing around by the door was a little off-putting. They told us we could try anything we wanted...so the only one I tasted was their Cupcake Batter flavor and I instantly fell in LOVE! Who needs a man with the kind of sweet flavor and toppings Yogurt Vi has to offer? I was like a crackhead running back there every few days.  Once, I saw employees inside Whole Foods Market buying a bunch of organic strawberries for the toppings, so I know the rest must be good stuff.~smoothie cookies 
Eh..not too awesome.  The tart flavor was AWFUL! Way too tart and the texture was grainy and strange. Everything else (sweet coconut, taro, cake batter) tasted like a slight variation of the other. Very one-note. The only flavor that stood out as great was the cookies 'n cream. That was EXCELLENT and possibly better than any Menchie's flavor.  The inside was sterile and depressing. After being at Menchies, where they practically vomit smiles, winks, and good wishes, Yogurt Vi seemed like a very unfriendly place -- even though the people working there weren't. The other reason Menchie's is better is because they have twice as many choices.  That's about all that needs to be said, I guess!~coconut, taro, cake cookies ' 
I am a fan! I love the flavor choices and I love controlling how much I get. I don't leave there guilty. I get a small amount of vanilla, I know boring.... topped with M&M's. I love it. The other day I tried out the Cake Batter flavor and it was very yummy too with M&M's. The topping options are endless too, even though I only get M&M's :) The place is always tidy, which is hard to do with kids (adults too)  making a mess with the  toppings everywhere.~cake 
I'm an original tart, fresh fruits kinda girl... and I also know that beggars can't be choosers. Before this place opened, my fiancé and I use to drive to Crocker Park from East Cleveland just to get froyo. Now we don't have to drive as far :) Unfortunately, the last time I stopped by---no original tart? Maybe the machine was down... So I got pomegranate tart instead, minus 1 star. I hope they bring it back.  Otherwise--- Self serve, very spacious, friendly staff, and clean.~pomegranate 
Having been to many a Pinkberry and Red Mango, I have a pretty good idea of what fro-yo should taste like, tart, tangy and lightly sweetened. I was surprised at the large selection of flavors that Yogurt Vi had to offer, although only 2 flavors were "true fro-yo" with the tart and tangy flavor. The other 8 options were essentially low-fat versions of soft serve ice cream. While I applaud the shop for trying to appeal to a larger mass, I was a tad disappointed that I only had 2 options of the actual fro-yo, neither of which were the original flavor. Hence the 4 star rating. I did like the selection of toppings they had to offer, everything from fresh fruit to the typical sundae accouterments like hot fudge and nuts. The ambiance is much like that of most other yogurt shops, bright colors, clean lines and fun music playing. Since there are not many places on the east side that serve fro-yo, I'll take what I can get and this definitely fits the bill!~mango, ice cream. 
Stopped by Yogurt Vi at their newest location in Legacy Village during their grand opening celebration. I expected the place to be mobbed - a la any Pinkberry I've ever been to- but...it was crowded but not unbearable, considering that they were giving away free frozen yogurt. Granted, the weather wasn't the greatest, but when I hear "free frozen yogurt" I go running.   Similar to other yogurt shops, Yogurt Vi offers a selection of tart and regular yogurt flavors. All but one flavor - red velvet - are fat free but all yogurts have the same pro-biotic benefits as non frozen yogurt. (at least until you slather chocolate sauce on top of everything)   There are more toppings than I can name here - everything from chocolate sauce, to fresh fruit, to candy pieces, to dried cereal. This is the Happy Dog of yogurt. You pay by weight, though...so the more goodies you pile on top, the more you'll pay. And if you're heavy handed with the yogurt machines (yes, you get to put it in a dish yourself!), you might not leave enough room for said toppings, so fill your cup carefully, k?   In my mind, Pinkberry is the gold standard of frozen yogurt shops, but the flavor of Yogurt Vi's tart yogurt is very similar to Pinkberry. I'm knocking off a star because of the self service nature of the shop. I saw a little girl touching the toasted coconut, and that's not something that would happen in a shop where the yougurt-istas dole out the toppings for you.   Hope this new yogurt shop does well!~frozen yogurt. frozen yogurt" frozen yogurt. frozen yogurt coconut, 
My girlfriend has me addicted to froyo, going 2-3x a week, and why not? It's a perfect summer snack, and it's healthy (when you want it to be). Yogurt Vi has been my go-to, and with good reason. They usually have a good rotation of flavors, and their toppings are superior (see: fresh) to the competing Menchie's in Woodmere. It's more spacious and aesthetically pleasing, has top-40 music blaring in the background, and is always clean. It just feels more polished. Clientele typically consists of couples on dates and swarms of teeny bopper girls.  There is a limit of two tasting cups per person at this location, but the trick is to just eat off the top of the cup and pile more on top of that. Taste away and thank me later.  Favorite flavors: Taro (!), Honeydew, French Vanilla, Cake Batter, Island Banana. Still waiting for rotations of Maple Bacon and White Choc Macademia, but at the rate I've been going, I can't miss it.~taro ( cake banana. bacon white 
I am absolutely addicted to this place. It has amazing, tart froyo, and a wonderful array of toppings. I've tried about every flavor they have, but I keep going back to the original and the cookies and cream. If you don't load it with fatty toppings, then it still remains a pretty healthy snack. Watch out though, some of their yogurts are not fat-free, so make sure to read the labels if you're watching fat intake.   This place is definitely a go-to for me whenever I'm in the area. Best yogurt ever, I can't get enough!~cookies 
Craving some Frozen Yogurt?  Look no further, Yogurt Vi will hit the spot.  This is a pretty straight forward review to write.  The flavors are plentiful and the toppings are even more abundant.  There is so much to choose from the hardest part is deciding what you want.       There is always a great variety of new flavors to try and the traditional vanilla, chocolate and strawberry flavors are always there if you're not feeling adventurous.  Some of the stand out flavors that I like are Cookies N Cream and the Peppermint Chocolate Mint in addition to the traditional chocolate, vanilla and strawberry.  It's self serve which is nice because you can mix as you please and also make your own size.  Sometimes I find a small too small, but a medium too much.  Problem solved!    The staff is always really nice as well.   Yogurt Vi is as good as it gets my friends!~frozen yogurt? cookies 
Hot gorgeous summer evening, just finished dinner, old rock tribute band jammin' out on the green. See lots of people w/ ice cream w/ fruit, which I didn't recognise, knowing the gellateria & Rocky's nearby. Had to check it out.   Place was packed! Staff very attentive, constantly sweeping through to wipe-off the counters, which were sullying fast with the volume of people crowding through that evening.   Interesting concept, some decent flavours, a ginormous plethora of toppings! But not the best I've had--some not enough tart, others too sweet...  Side comment on the brilliance of giving ppl large containers in a fill-as-you-go type joint. Of course natural tendency will force you to fill your pale to the brim!   Still, I'll probably be back, perhaps when it's less hectic & I can sit back, breathe, relax, and truly sample all the flavours.~ice cream 
Yay. Cleveland gets froyo. Been here a couple of times.. it's always a place I have to stop by whenever I get a chance to go to Legacy Village.   When you enter, you can get 2 free sample tasting cups. There's so many flavors, and they keep adding more (recent one is the maple bacon one? Haven't tried it but will go and try it when I go back). They have the swirl and mix function too on the machines, so you can get two flavors swirled together! I've tried a bunch of their flavors, but I normally stick to plain tart.. just the way froyo should be. Grapefruit is also yummy if you want a little fruitiness to the yogurt. I love that unlike Pink Berry and Red Mango, you can self scoop your own toppings, and then get charged by weight. At the non self-serve stations, they give too much yogurt, and not enough toppings, but this is not a problem at Yogurt Vi.   So... my yogurt is always: a swirl of plain tart, lots of mochi, lots of fruit. They have popping bubbles as toppings now.. those are fun. They pop in your mouth when you put a bit of pressure on them. Not bad for price either, usually around $4 for me. I think they charge $0.46 per ounce.~bacon grapefruit mango, 
Toronto dim sum is the standard by which all others are judged, not having had any significant amount of dim sum in China.  Even a dim sum restaurant owner in San Francisco agreed with me.  This is my favourite cheap dim sum spot in Toronto, and I've ne ver had a bad meal.  There are other places that are fancier or with a bit more variety, but you will pay significantly more.  Your choice!  I've been going here since it was called Imperial Gourmet Garden.  Then one day they closed up shop, changed the name on the door, and reopened with this new name.  All the same people out front, and presumably in the kitchen.  The dim sum has always been tasty, and quite the bargain during the week.  Pay a little attention to the cart-pushing-waiters...you might just learn a little Cantonese!  The beef ribs are excellent, and quite hard to find many places.  Also, malai go is super tasty...it's like steamed sponge cake.  Try it!  You won't be disappointed.  On a Sunday, get there before the crowds swarm the place at 11:30-ish.~beef cake. 
The one Cantonese word I'm so proud to know is "shaomai"!  This Chinese dumpling is served as part of the countless dim sum carts at Yiu Wah Restaurant. Dim sum, meaning "from the heart", is an anytime food but best had from 11:30am to 1pm - that's when the carts are at high volume sending around your favourite dishes (which go for $2-3 for a small dish but when you get a whole bunch for a full table of hungry people, your very satisfying lunch will only cost you 8-10 happy dollars). The only thing is you might not see the same food carted around in every visit. They have their usual but when they'll show up is always a fun mystery.  There is an obvious language barrier here but so worth it. Don't be ashamed to just point and nod at food here. It's socially acceptable.  Among my favourites: * the aforementioned shaomai (w/ pork) * sweet & sour pork * steamed bean curd rolls * pork bun  A surprise hit with me: * crab balls  A MUST HAVE!: * garlic green beans (the BEST I've ever had ANYWHERE! But order this from the waiter once you sit down because this does not get carted around with the rest of them).  Also, get the table by the kitchen. The food is hot, fresh and it always goes to you first. Of course, you'll have to fight me for it should we be there at the same time.~pork) pork * pork garlic green beans ( 
I go out of my way to visit other Tim locations....I dreadfully pass by this one on my way to the doctors so I usually end up ordering.  This location always messes up my drink orders. My iced cap had no ice at all. It was just cool liquid. I was in a rush to the doctors so I didn't have time to go back. And then when my mom ordered last time, they used the table cloth to wipe the the edge of the rim when they overfilled it...The edge of the rim...where she was going to drink from...looks unsanitary. I would not have taken that drink had it been me.   The only redemption is that they make a mean grilled cheese panini. If I know I have to pass by this location, I always bring my water bottle with me for my thirst needs now.~cheese 
Dreadful Tim Horton's, I asked for a toasted bagel with cream cheese and received one that was black, drenched in butter. Disgusting!   My advice: go to the Wendy's and order yourself a sour cream and chives baked potato, $2 and they're amazing!~cheese butter. sour cream baked potato 
My friend and I were just window shopping while waiting for a table at RA Sushi.  A hot read jump suit caught my eyes so I had to try it on.  Okay, so it looks better on a hanger than on me.  However, I found bunch of cute stuff.  The sales girl was super cool and nice.  When my friend was waiting for me looking bored, she offered her/us a glass of wine.  What a cute little Boutique and they had both reasonable & pricey stuff.  Walked out with two dresses. I'll for sure stop by Ruby next time I'm in Scottsdale.~sushi. 
My first time to the Boneyard ... and won't be busting down any doors to go back.    The place was rather empty on Tuesday night when we went.  I ordered the grilled porkchops, fries, and coleslaw.  My honey ordered the meatball sub and cajun fries.  We both came to the conclusion that we liked the fries ... regardless of the flavor.  The meatball sub was average.  The pork chops were grilled pretty well and had a good taste, but were really more along the size of a lamb chop.   One bite of the coleslaw and I was done with it.  It was a creamy based slaw with little to no taste.  I would bet we could find a pre-made container from one of the big-box warehouse joints.  Our server was very good and attentive.  She helped with the menu and gave us plenty of time to unwind from work over our beers before ordering.  If I could pair the server with a better food experience, then it would have been a much better visit.  Better luck next time when I try something different ...~fries, honey fries. fries ... pork lamb 
Went here on New Year's Eve only because our first two choices didn't work out. It was practically empty. The first thing we noticed was that it was pretty cold in there. Either they didn't anticipate enough clientele to be worth heating the place or they figured they'd be so busy the body heat would warm it up. Either way, it was kind of uncomfortable.  My salad and my girlfriend's soup were both good so we got off to a good start food wise. My steak was good, though I was disappointed there weren't any dinner rolls. The baked beans I got looked a little pureed but they were very good. I wanted a baked potato but they didn't have any. I got mashed potatoes instead but didn't like them because they were chunky (kind of like potato salad).  My girlfriend said her steak salad was good, but the breadstick it came with was undercooked to the point it was cold in the middle. The chocolate cake we had for dessert was very good.  The service itself was pretty weak. That would have been understandable if it was very busy but there were only a few other people there so that was disappointing. The bathroom decor was great but it was pretty filthy in there. Again, not sure how that could happen based on the lack of customers.  Overall, it was pretty good and I'll go back but they certainly have opportunities for improvement.~salad steak baked potato 
We went because we got a deal on Groupon. The food was nothing special..like a normal American restaurant. A sports bar/grill.  Got fish n' chips plus a combo platter (half ribs and pulled pork). The deal was good for us because of the coupon.  But I was rather disappointed in their "Game Room". I was expecting something like Dave and Buster type of game room..but oh man..this game room was literally a 4ft by 3ft room with a few game machines....rather sad.  Probably not going to go back again unless we happen to be there for some reason.~chips pork) 
We took the family and friends to the Boneyard last week after my son's game. The staff was prompt and attentive. Two people ordered the cheese soup and sent it back due to the fact that it was way too salty and had the consistency of pudding. I had the ribs, Big Mistake! The ribs were pre-cooked. Then reheated and jar sauce dumped over them.  The food is fair bar food at best. I went to the one in Broadview Heights when it opened and the food was very good. Oh my how far they have fallen. If you go there stick to burgers, fried frozen fish or chicken planks. I would put money that this place will close within a year. Fix the food fast fellas!~cheese burgers, chicken 
The decor and service were ok but the food (ny strip steak, mashed pot, thai noodles, apple pierogie) was really bad.  Maybe their other items are better but everything we had tonight was pretty bad and definitely not worth the money.~steak, thai apple 
Previously visited a different Bone Yard location and was very pleased.  Unfortunately, they are not all beholden to the same standards evidently.  The first warning sign was that at 4 PM on a Saturday Evening, the place was empty while every place around it was completely packed.  I ordered a Boneyard Burger and fries.  Fries were completely room temp when brought to the table.  The worst, however; came in the form of the Boneyard "burger".  The supposedly beef patties were grey and paper thin.  Preformed, frozen patties!  Seriously?  The patties weren't the only things frozen....There seems to be no one in the place willing to turn on the heat.  We never removed our coats the entire time we were there.  The server was pleasant, however.~burger fries. fries burger" beef 
I came here for the first time a few years ago with my friend and have been back numerous times ever since and introduced other friends to it.  First off, the service is AMAZING! Staff are always extremely friendly and attentive and food comes very quickly, no matter how busy it is, although I usually go at lunch on weekdays so it is not overly busy.  The salads come in 2 sizes, small and large but small is definitely meal sized, I wouldn't order a large unless I was starving or sharing with somebody. My go to is always the Chinese chicken salad. The dressing is perfect and there's a good amount of chicken. I also recently tried a bite of my boyfriends salad, he got the seafood cesar. The name to me sounded bizarre but it had crab and shrimp and was actually quite good!  I haven't tried many other things on the menu because I tend to stick to what I like (selective eater over here) but I have tried their egg drop soup in the past which was very good as well as the roast beef sandwich.  I will continue to come back here as the prices are very reasonable, the service is amazing, and the food is always delicious!~salads chicken salad. chicken. salad, shrimp egg beef sandwich. 
In a former life, I worked in an office not far from Dr. Deli and his arisocratic wife.   My colleagues loved the place. I was unmoved.   Dr. Deli violates one of my cardinal rules of dining out: they serve food that I can make at home. Salads? Sandwiches? Soups? Stuff I've been banging out since Home Ec class.   What's unforgiveable is that their food turns out worse than mine. Undercooked pea soup is grany; salad leaves arrive with brown edges, wilting under puckery-sour dressings. Coffee is zombie-grey.   Bread arrives with the standard packets of shelf-stable whipped butter.   I go to take one.   It's already open, and the butter is missing except for a crumb-laden smear in the miniature plastic tub.   They gave me used butter.   They can keep it.   Clearly, Dr. Deli requires better bedside manners.~salads? salad brown coffee butter. butter butter. 
Just came from Sid Silver and was hankering for some salad dish with meat (as I am a meatatarian) and we ended up at the plaza corner of Dufferin and Steeles because of Cora's.  However, I noticed this small restaurant in the back corner and checked their menu on the window and made sure there were actual customers as the one beside Cora's looked eerily empty so I did not bother going there.  Anyway I went in and ordered their Chinese Chicken Salad small sized for $6.99. I chose small because looking at the large size it seems like too much salad. I also ordered with their sesame dressing.  Along with the salad I ordered the bacon and cheese potaato skins as the appetizer for $5.95.   So I got the salad first. Surprisingly the bowl was not just for show, it was quite full. Lots of veggies (which I was after), some pieces of chicken, Mandarin orange slices, and some fried noodles. The tart sesame salad dressing blends well with the salad.  Don't throw the entire dressing into the salad, just do a little bit at a time.   However, something was missing in order to make me fully happy. Thankfully the tato skins arrived and after taking a bite, the taste just balanced very well.  No free wifi. However, I am happy with the price, service and quality. So I gave this 5 stars for this experience.~salad chicken salad salad. salad bacon cheese salad chicken, salad salad. salad, 
Super nice waitress, fast and friendly. I love their seafood salad with unique chinese chicken ceaser dressing. The best salad i have ever had. The omlette i have to say taste better than mine.~salad chicken salad 
If I only going review Dr Deli and the Salad Queen based solely on the food... I would have just rated this place as a 3 star.... but we got exceptional services from the waitress.   My Lunch buddy has this thing for soup...but she just couldn't decide which one to go with since there are 3 choices for "Soup of the Day"... While she looked to be for help and knowing me I am not good with deciding.. I asked our waitress for help...   1/2 Roast Beef and Soup ($6.95)  Waitress: Potato Soup is the Best..  Friend: hmmm how is the chicken noodle?  Waitress: Potato  Me: Beef and Barley...  Waitress: Potato  Friend: What is Barley...   Finally, we decided on the Beef and Barley...but our lovely waitress took out 3 samples for us to try.... I never have that happen to me... and finally after voting and intensive taste testing... We agreed on the Potato!! It is more like a really light broth with veggie inside and it was delicious!   I usually don't want to order anything with "Chinese" when I am in a non "Chinese" restaurant...but with all these reviewers raving about Chinese Chicken Salad ($6.95), I have to try it out! Small is Large! Me and my friend having trouble finishing that.... and there is nothing really Chinese about the salad...aside from those fried noodles..   The half Roast Beef sandwich on rye ended up I have to save it for pre dinner snack for later...   I definitely will come back here if I have another salad attack... and I would be bring my friend!!~salad beef potato chicken potato beef barley... potato barley... beef barley... potato! chicken salad ( salad... beef sandwich rye salad 
Dr. Deli and the Salad Queen, ah, good times.  This place has changed ownership more often than Paris Hilton changes boyfriends.  As such, I feel like the quality of the food has gone down over the past few years.  We used to come here all the time, and the salad was delicious.  But, I came here about a month or so ago (actually, it was one of the first places I went once I moved back from the states) and I was disappointed.  So, this review is based more on hope and memories - hoping that it's still as good as it was in the past.~salad salad 
Don't be fooled by the cheesy decor of this "hole in the wall" type of place, because I'm telling you this is one of the best lunch spots ever and I frequent it on a regular basis.   The Chinese Chicken Salad is excellent, and as a veggie option you can substitute the chicken with shredded cheese (which is also very good!) The salads are huge for the price, and be warned, a large can easily feed 2-3 people, while a small is the perfect size for 1.   Their salad dressings are incredible, and I'm pretty sure they sell them in big bottles to take home. (House Sesame and Ranch are my personal favourite!)  I've been told the other things on the menu are pretty good too, but I've only ever tried the various salads.   Now I have to say, the service is not the best, but the place is small so it's easy to flag someone over if you need to. The food does come quickly, but expect the server to disappear after you've been brought your food, and possibly not visit for the duration of the meal.   Take out is always super quick, even if you don't call your order in in advance.~chicken salad chicken cheese ( salads salad salads. 
The only place to get a Chinese chicken salad that is actually good, this little hole in the wall is located in a strip mall at Duffrin and Keele. Along with delicious salads and healthy options, Dr. Deli also has great burgers and sandwiches. You will also get a kick out of the kitchy interior decor and the art that hangs on the walls (most items are for sale). As a regular for the past 10 years, Dr. Deli has been a constant spot for me and my friends.~chicken salad salads burgers 
Dr. Deli is a great place for healthy food. They have quite a few variety of Salads. The best is Chinese chicken caeser salad (mix), the Greek seafood salad is also pretty good. I love the service, as it is so fast and good. I like the ambience, its not too rushy or loud.  Its not pricey, and the best place to come specially if you are diet conscious.  They also have some great meaty sandwiches, if you do not happen to like salads.  I have been here a few times, and I always leave with a desire to come back.  I really recommend it!~salads. chicken salad ( salad salads. 
I have been going to Dr. Deli for years as I work right around the corner. However, I find since the new owners took over I am never satisfied. The vegetables are always brown and something is always missing when I pick up an order. Whenever I call to them about my issues they never really seem to apologize, rather blame it on me; "you did not tell me no sunflower seeds" (i did) "don't leave the salad in the car or the veggies get brown" (i never do) "my chef forgot to put in the carrots, I will give you extra next time" (I watched her make my salad, not a chef & my salad literally had lettuce, cheese and 4 mandarin oranges in it).   I miss Vince - he would have given me a free salad as an apology.~brown salad brown" salad, salad lettuce, cheese oranges salad 
Sandwich was okay, the fries were somewhat raw still.  Went here around noon and it got a bit busy, the staff looked like they were in a rush.~sandwich fries 
This place is located in the dufferin/steeles plaza with the shoppers. I came here for a late lunch and despite no one being around, the service was quick and efficient.  I really like the hot sandwich here, specifically the corned beef sandwich. However, I am taking off 2 stars for the subpar quality of the 'caesar salad'. I opted for the carsar salad for an extra $2. I was disappointed with the salad as it only had some not so fresh salad and pieces of stale, perhaps home made croutons.    However, I do suggest the hot sandwich here, just don't get the side.~sandwich beef sandwich. salad' salad salad salad sandwich 
I came here and spent my life away in this beautiful store. The store smells like heaven on a sunny day. I bought all my souvenirs for my friends and family here. They have the most amazing creative soaps, shaped like cookies, doughnuts, cakes, pies, cupcakes, brownies everything. They have this bath balls that are similar to a huge sphere of alka-seltzer, they dissolve in the tub and leave your skin so smooth, I got to test the bath ball on my hands, so I definitely know they work. You can even place orders on-line.~cookies, doughnuts, cupcakes, 
Super cute store with soaps I've never seen before! Couldn't leave without unique soap creations that looked & smelled like peach tarts, strawberry shortcake & banana cream pie slices...they look so realistic! Bought some home as gifts and people loved them!~peach banana pie 
Love it here!  I honestly thought it was a cute bakery when I walked pass it but it turned out to be a soap shop.  Don't matter to me.    At first, I was only there to look but the longer I smelled and looked at everything, I wanted it all.  Shea was excellent and attentive.  She asked me what I liked and don't liked and she got it on the spot.   Very pricey.  Most of the dessert merchandise is made to look at, not really for usage in my opinion.  It would kill me if I use it.  They are just so beautiful.  I bought a "fruit tart" and a "peach tart".  They are both beautiful and the scent is divine.  Great to give as a gift which is what I did.  After I bought my items, I got some free samples as well as a beautiful wrapping for the soaps.~peach 
From the window displays, I thought I was walking into a bakery. Slices of pie, chunks of fudge, donuts, and cookies all filled the front display cases. It was after actually walking into the store that I realized I was actually looking at handmade soaps. While my interest faded, my wifes peaked and we spent the next 15 minutes sampling products.  In the grand scheme of things, being located in the Venetian's Grand Canal Shoppes, I expected the prices to be much higher. While some people would hesitate at $9 for a bar of soap, the crafting with unique presentation and ingredients made it justifiable. Definitely a cool place, and good for girly gifts to bring back from vacation. 5 stars!~pie, cookies 
Oh Magia... You haven't aged well my friend.   About 10 years ago I spent a year living a few blocks away from Magia. This was my favorite local eatery within a 5 min walk.   A decade later, on a whim, I decided to return. It was kinda like running into an ex you haven't seen in a long time. A little fun for the first few minutes... but you're really left with "wow... What happened to her?". Sure the implants and Botox have helped, but it's just masking what once was.   The menu looks the same, but dementia has set in, they have forgotten how to make my old favorites. I started with the warm goat cheese salad. I used to dream of this salad at night! But what I got was, well, it was disheartening.   Anyway... I won't be calling her back. It was too awkward, and I don't see it getting better over the next few years either.~cheese salad. salad 
The food was very delicious. The waitress couldn't speak english so she brought us someone who could translate the menu as well. She helped us a lot actually. The only problem was that the pizza we ordered, one slice was slightly wet. The crust was soggy as if it had been dipped in water. But it was only a corner of the crust so I don't know what it could've been. Aside from that everything was good.~pizza 
In the city of Longueuil, which is across the water from Montreal in what is called the south shore area, is the quaint old town area of Longueuil. This little strip is dotted with little shops and restaurants, including this one, La Magia.   The restaurant is in a sort of old house, with the front room cleared out for diners. The food is casual, and good for lunch, offering salads, pastas, and pizzas. I had a nice Spaghetti Pancetta, which included a nice side salad, for $11.95, very reasonable and done well. Service in the busy lunch hour was good, too.~salads, spaghetti salad, 
I came here for the goats. Is it wrong that goats make me laugh and I find them to be the most entertaining animals out there?  Seriously though, we needed a destination for a bike ride and this was as good as any. I'd recommend this as an outing for or with kids, as there were many families there. But we met up with a family of friends and hung out with them so we didn't look like a weird childless couple cruising goats.  Ducks, chicken, pigs, sheep, horses and cows, too!  Make sure to leave some money in the donation box. This place can't run on fecal fuel!~chicken, 
This is a small farm within the city, within walking distance of the Cabbage Town area. Among the things we saw: horses, roosters, a turkey, a goat, and lop-eared rabbits. It was very clean and scenic, and there are clean restrooms on site.~cabbage 
just plain natural fun is what i say.  as cityfolk we dont get that many opportunities to go and see a cow unless its appearing on our plates with some frites, or a horse unless its being chomped on by our pets or even a goat unless we are slathering its milk-turned-chevre onto our bruschette.  so here is your chance.  take the kiddies and get close enough to smell all you like (for better or for worse) to even feed some grass to a pony or a horse (with supervision - you probably arent allowed to actually).  and learn to:  i didnt realize that pigs can grow that big.  i was quite happy she was fenced in and i was protected - easily a good candidate for a new batman movie villain.  i think that any adult will be just as tickled as any kid they bring along to have a taste of rural wildlife in this little zoo or farm (dont know that either moniker fits but it is what it is.)~milk- 
We were the first couple to arrive of a party of 10.  The maitre-d' looked at us, nodded towards to the table and told us to seat ourselves.  Equally rude was the waiter who actually rolled his eyes at people who couldn't decide what to eat, and who got in a shouting match with one couple over whether a steak cooked 'medium' had any red in it.  On top of that, the two people that ordered the sea bass were treated not only to some cheaper, tasteless fish in the guise of a bass but both were sick that night.  I would highly recommend never going to this restaurant.~steak 
A beautiful little restaurant with five-star-worthy food at very reasonable prices.  I had the chicken with oyster mushroom sauce, and my wife had the flank steak with plum sauce. The lentil soup was hot, very tasty, and a nice start after coming in on a snowy night. The entrees were simply awesome. After sampling both dishes, we both preferred the chicken, but that's not to say anything negative about the steak. They were both rich and intensely flavorful. Finally, the pear and chocolate cake with raspberry sauce was a great end to a memorable meal.  The service was good and the atmosphere was very cozy.   This was easily the best meal we had on our trip to Montreal.~chicken mushroom steak plum chicken, steak. pear chocolate cake 
My husband and I had the best meal here. It is elegant, cozy and romantic, and the food is excellent. We had French onion soup,which was superb. I tried the duck confit,though I usually don't like duck. Boy was it great! Best of all, it is very reasonable. Loved it!~onion 
Fries are burnt, the sole is frozen, the pastas are mushy, butter pasta for kids has peppers in it when you ask for 3 times for just butter. The waiter was nice, but the mediocrity of the food makes this an over priced proposition.~fries butter pasta butter. 
I had the Pavé de saumon grillé, vinaigrette tiède à l'orange.  This is a grilled salmon dish that came with mixed vegetables and I believe orzo rice?  Everything was nicely seasoned.  The salmon was moist and flaky.   I saw some people getting a small sample of port.  I didn't get this when I was finished.  I guess you only get it if you order dessert.~salmon salmon 
The receipt we came home with says Restaurant Le Caveau, but the location is not that mentioned on the yelp site.  They might have two locations.  The one we visited was on 410 Place Jaques.  We were in the Old Montreal part of town on Saturday June 8 looking for a spot to eat.  It was the Grand Prix week-end so naturally a lot of places were full.  It was fairly chilly outside and drizzling and we had been walking for close to two hours looking at various places and menus.    Finally we came upon this place and it looked very quaint, with a full patio and outside heaters.  The maitre'd greeted us and informed us that their specialty was seafood, all fresh.  I love seafood so we were sold.  Went to sit inside since we were cold and wet, but as soon as went it, we started questioning our decision.  The place was dated, and not nearly as busy as the patio.  There was also a foul fryer mixed with rotting fish smell so we decided to move outside.  we ordered the calamary which was chewy, yellow and tasted old, and the snails which there were only 4 of and no bigger than the ones you get at the keg.  They were covered in cheese and mushrooms (of which there was no mention of on the menu but i happen to like mushrooms so i did not complain).  On to mains.  Since they touted that they were known for their seafood i ordered the muscles and my partner ordered the fillet mignon.  Both were awful.  the filet tasted as if had been in the fridge for over 3 weeks - tough with a weird spongy time of texture, and very bad flavour.  The muscles were not fresh and many did not open during the cooking process.  The broth - the little that existed - had no flavour other than overly salty.  VERDICT::: very pricey, food quality sub par, service left much to be desired. I am surprised we did not get sick. I would not go back if you paid me.~cheese mushrooms ( mushrooms 
For the most part this was a very clean Tim Hortons even thought there was a funky smell there. The neighbourhood isn't the greatest so the people you see here after 10pm aren't the your regular hipsters from the area. Most of the people looked like they were miserable and that they were down on their luck. Saying all of this the coffee was up to the standards of Tim Hortons and I enjoyed my time there.~coffee 
not very happy over this location, but its the only decent coffee shop in the neighbourhood, this location only gets a positive nod for me because of how clean it is. the service is lackluster, the staff are either extremely rude, or new. to top it all off the clientele of the area are not really the best to be around, often times found myself gagging in line from the uncleanliness of people that have come to this location. be sure to be bothered by people when you walk in and walk out for some "change" or something else.  not a fan at all.~coffee 
Yes, it's a place serving coffee and doughnuts. It's mostly clean and always busy and hosts the traditional eclectic Parkdale clientele. In a pinch, it gets the job done, what else can you expect?~coffee doughnuts. 
Parkdale is going through an invasion of coffee shops and a new one seems to pop up every now and then. In this gentrification wave, I was quite surprised to see a Tim Hortons appear on the scene a couple of years ago. They occupy one of the busiest and awkward intersections in the city - Lansdowne/Jameson on Queen Street West.   I stopped drinking their coffee long back but I still liked their muffins. However ever since they started flash freezing their muffins and using jam instead of fruit in their fruit-explosion muffin, I stopped that too. The only saving grace is that this place has free wi fi.~coffee coffee 
* Nice included breakfast *  Staying upstairs in the small yet lovely seven room Le Relais Lyonnaise (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/hotel-le-relais-lyonnaise-montreal#hrid:tNEe9qqV1iexbFUbNqaS8g), the kind owner explained that he also operates this cafe, and that breakfast is included for guests in this public cafe.  (That was a nice bonus as when booking the room there was no mention of a free included breakfast.)    My review is only for the breakfast as I didn't come for any other meals or for the attractive selection of desserts in the displayed fridge (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/28rRiCNsqRf95R6jj3ENcQ?select=WVECS2J92y8C0xZqD2aA-g).    Every morning during my stay I had a bowl of cafe au lait and a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice.  Photo:  http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/28rRiCNsqRf95R6jj3ENcQ?select=JIEPOJeoTRAPB0MBK5b_lw  The breakfasts were quite hearty and ranged from omelets (I had a nice cheese and herb omelet one day) to crepes to bagel with lox.    My favourite breakfast of the bunch turned out to be the bagel with lox.  They served a fresh bagel covered with a very generous amount of lox.  Cream cheese was served on the side, along with a side salad (typical mixed greens like from a market served with a nice dijon mustard based dressing) and some fresh fried potatoes (these were exceptionally tasty).  I've never had salad and potatoes with my breakfast bagel before, but it somehow worked and turned into my favourite breakfast offering at the cafe.  Here is a photo of it:  http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/28rRiCNsqRf95R6jj3ENcQ?select=8ldkGMWDtAFMo5NidT5EfA  I like the whole idea of stepping out of your room, going outside and heading to a regular cafe, yet being able to order whatever you'd like from the menu.  Nice additional touch for staying at the hotel!~cheese cheese salad ( greens potatoes ( salad 
Four stars might be a bit much, perhaps three and a half, if it were available, would be my ultimate rating. My mother, who used to work here in her younger days, swears by this place, and although it has changed considerably over the years, the care and technique put into the food is still there and you can taste it. While I wouldn't consider this place for dinner, it is the perfect early lunch/brunch spot. Nothing fancy, but damn good crepes, croque monsieur and the paninis are also quite good. Side salads are always fresh, excellent dressings, coffee is excellent, and the selection of desserts, chocolates and glaces are also wicked. As a chocolate chef, I can say the chocolate here is definitely worth a visit. Somewhat pricey for lunch-fare, but the portions are decent and the quality IS there. The service is sometimes cold, and it can get slow, but mostly you get what you pay for.   Definitely a fan. Great terrasse as well.~salads coffee 
Their crepes are amazing, coffee is delicious. A place I visit regularly in Montreal. Nice atmosphere. I love to sit and take my time when I go out, my family is typically European, and Ive never experienced a problem with the wait staff. Would not come here for dinner however.~coffee 
The staff was very friendly and the service was pretty fast but everything we ate there was definitely under flavored and overcooked. We got the croque madame, deux oeufs (two eggs), and salmon omelette. The salmon didn't taste very fresh and the Croque Madame was pretty stale and merely a ham sandwich with an egg on top. Overall, it wasn't a terrible experience, but it's not a restaurant I will probably go back to/recommend for people in Montreal.~salmon salmon sandwich egg 
Pastries, sandwiches,light lunches. Terrasse outside behind patisserie. Late evening treat seekers beware; virtually nothing left by then.~pastries, 
Their buckwheat crepes are fantastic  - huge and delicious. You  won't leave this place hungry!~buckwheat 
I have been here a few times but admittedly not in a couple of years.  So Yanik might be right that the quality has gone down in.  That said, this place has been my go to spot for croissants and coffee when I'm in Montreal.  I am very picky about my croissants, they need to use only butter and lots of it.  No margerine.  Good ones are hard to find.  So I would go have my croissants and coffee and read the local papers.  I cant speak to the lunch menu.~coffee butter coffee 
This place used to be a very good spot in Montréal. When I was student, I went there many times per week. At that time it was only a place where you drink coffe (expresso machine, of course) and eat pastries. The choice was astonishing and they were made by highly skilled people using the very best ingredient.   Today, you can go there for a whole meal, not just café and dessert but the atmosphere is not the same anymore. The place has been sold and the original owner (a French lady) is not there to keep the place up to the very high standards that used to be.   Yes, now you can enjoy salad, croque-monsieur and soups, they even have added the ice cream to the menu, but each time I go there (2 or 3 times per year), I see that this place is just a shadow of what it used to be.~pastries. salad, ice cream 
I was staying at hotel a few blocks away. It was our first night in Montreal and it was beautiful. We came here and sat on the terrace. I had a smoked salmon panini and it was delicious. The meal came with a large salad as well. The food wasn't the most amazing ever, but it was good enough and really it was the atmosphere that I enjoyed the most.~smoked salmon 
I might be being generous, but the crepes hit the spot after walking all over old Montreal. Crepe, salad and cold local beer. Outside sitting, people watching on St. Denis. Stayed for a pastry and coffee. All were very good.~salad coffee. 
Walking down St. Denis is an experience within itself.  You might get swept up in the romance that is Montreal and innocently assume that all restaurants on the street are going to be delicious and serve quality cuisine.  This is not always true.  Sure, the atmosphere helps, and the cafe diners on the front patio appear to be enjoying themselves.  But, once you taste the food being served, you may not be sold.  They serve fresh squeezed juice, so everyone at the table ordered it.  Not realizing that we just spent almost $20 on juice even before ordering food.  The fabulous looking bread and pastry counter is not filled with items made in house, but made elsewhere.  Instead I was served a decent croissant, but nothing worth mentioning.  The worst part of the meal were the buckwheat crepes.  We had buckwheat crepes a few days before at a different restaurant across the street and loved them.  So, we thought that experience could be continued at Brioche Lyonnaise.  We were mistaken.  The room temperature, floppy sponge crepes given to us were not fresh and had barely any fillings.  Nor were they served with a side of anything appetizing to try to make up for their mistakes.  The chicken inside of the chicken pesto crepe was cold and dry, and barely any cheese to soften the blow.   I simply could not eat the dish, and everyone else that the table felt the same about their dishes.    The worst part is that the brunch for three people was $70 CAD.  It was a tragedy!~buckwheat buckwheat chicken chicken cheese 
My wife said the brioche wasn't genuine and was in fact just pain au raisin. Either way it was OK. But not mouth watering. We had crepes as well...which were...well crepe like. Pretty hard to go wrong with this stuff. The cafe au lait was very nice indeed though. Service was quick and the waitress very pleasant. A good place to go for a snack and a coffee, but nothing special.   We were a little disappointed as our guide book said this was the best brioche in Montreal and we kind of went out of our way to get here.~raisin. coffee, 
Never have I walked out of a restaurant refusing to pay because of bad food. NEVER. Until now.  We were in a hurry so stupidly decided to just go for lunch in the first non-chain restaurant we found on St Denis. BIG MISTAKE. I sort of blame myself as if I had actually looked at this place more clearly I would have noticed how grimy and dirty the outside was. It was also completely empty despite there being hoardes of people in local competitors.  Service started out a bit weird. I asked if they had iced coffee (not on the menu) and the server replied: ''I could make you one I suppose''....Odd. Anyway, I ordered an iced latte as well the french toast with fruit and my bf ordered the croque monsieur.  I went to wash my hands and noticed how dark and dirty the corridors leading into the kitchen were. The bathroom stank!! Then I saw someone, who I later found out was the manager, walking from the storage area to the kitchen with my french toast in a see through plastic bag. I then saw him put it in a microwave in the grotty kitchen. $11. French toast. MICROWAVED?!  Stupidly, I gave the restaurant the benefit of the doubt and didn't say anything. My iced latte arrived. It had espresso, and cold milk, topped off with HOT FROTH and NO ICE. Seriously? Not only is that disgusting, it's also dangerous - hot and cold milk should never be mixed. When I worked at Starbucks this was the first thing we were taught - never accommodate any customer who wants hot foam on an iced espresso drink. It tasted horrible and the server seemed confused when I asked for a mug of ice to help make the drink actually, yknow, ICED.  The food arrived. The french toast was as gross as it looked in that plastic bag. It was soggy, flat and worst of all - STALE. the watermelons that came with it would have needed a steak knife to cut. My bf is NOT a fussy eater, but took one bite into his sorry looking croque madame (think microwaved ham and cheese on white bread) and said ''do you want to just leave?''. We were both that appalled. We eat out a lot, and have travelled a lot, eating in all sorts of restaurants, and this was the first time either of us ever left any restaurant anywhere because we were so disgusted with the food quality.  What was most interesting was that neither the servers nor the manager were particularly shocked when we said we were leaving and refused to pay. They didn't even protest, offer us anything else or defend themselves for charging $11 for microwaved french toast. After asking us for a bit of clarification, they simply said ''sorry, ok'' and shrugged their shoulders. I think that says a lot - I got the impression we were not the first customers to have done this recently.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS. We really should have just gone into the Subway next door.~coffee ( french toast french toast french toast. milk, milk french toast steak cheese white french toast. 
Worst crepes ever. Lack of stuffings. Lack of taste. Lack of service. My wife took the pork chops... same thing. How can you miss a pork chop. And the fries looked like McCain's fries. Overcooked. Oh well, that was the last time.~pork pork fries fries. 
Before I put in my 2 cents in without considering that I was in fact, in another country, I will review about the food first.  -Crepe: I had the ratatouille with mushrooms, egg, and tomato paste. It is wrapped and presented in the most beautiful way. The taste was not so great, but this could have been a result of me eating it cold on my drive back down to NY so I will forgive and forget.  -Desserts: I cannot list all of the desserts I have tried here, because that would be an entirely long list. Just as delicious as they look, they ARE in fact, delicious. I am not a big fan of desserts that are too sweet, so I had to appreciate the lightness and subtlety of the fruit tarts.   Perfect for bringing back gifts for family and friends.  Service is a hit or miss depending on the waitress. Bear in mind that they take orders, prepare the food, AND serve it. I initially wondered whether the mediocre service was because of cultural differences, but I just realize that it wasn't and that this place is just poppin' and busy as can be.   No doubt about this though...people are nice and helpful in Montreal..a very nice change from the city life.~mushrooms, egg, tomato 
Let's talk food.  Started with the wings and they were very good.  Ordered the ribs for dinner.  They were not so tender and the flavor is just not that great, to me. The cole slaw fell flat.  No zest, no zing, flavor just not so great.  The fries were great.  Husband ordered the Steer Here sandwich and said it was pretty good, but he also was not a fan of the slaw.  Atmosphere was good but we left before the live music started.~fries sandwich 
I had dinner at this establishment while waiting to attend a show at Stand-up Comedy. Being the country girl that I am, I was in heaven! The layout is western through and through. A band was setting up, but unfortunately I didn't get to hear them. The staff were all very pleasant.  I ordered the Cobb salad with chicken. Nothing spectacular... It is a bar you know. I will go back though, there are other things on the menu that I would like to try. Plus, it seems like a very fun, toe-tapping place to get ya booty-scoot boogying on!   Plan ahead for parking.~salad chicken. 
Loved this place! Saw a band play and had delicious food. My only complaint was having to flag down the waitress for EVERY request. In her defense, the place was buzzing.. But we wouldn't even see her for 30 mins at a time. Pulled pork sliders with pineapple slaw, onion rings, fries, and drinks are TASTY!~pork pineapple onion rings, fries, 
We walk in and nu-metal is blaring from the speakers. That wasn't even the worst part.   Went here for a free show--a touring band from Norway. The band was good, sound was good, vibe was good--until I walked up to the bar. I appeared to be interrupting something when I walked up. I then asked the female bartender how much the well drinks were and she said $5 as if she was already annoyed with me. I then asked her what a buckshot was (since that was the $1 special on the board.) She didn't have a straight answer and instead asked the male bartender, "it's uh whatever we feel like making, we'll start with whiskey?"   I ordered it, what the hell, YOLO. Big mistake--the "buckshot" tasted like cough medicine and corn syrup.   Before my order was complete the male and female bartender are snickering with each other as if they are sharing their own private joke. I seriously felt like I was transported back to middle school--who does that? I got the feeling that these two weren't happy with the crowd nor the band--but that shouldn't really matter. The crowd was there drinking (and tipping) these two because of the band. Why the attitude?   Before the band's set was over the male bartender starts cleaning up the venue, pushing chairs in (loudly) and collecting glasses from tables. The lead singer says into the microphone "are we being kicked out?" to which she gets no response. The male bartender and female bartender appeared to be flirting with one another in the back corner, laughing at customers, etc. I definitely wasn't the only one that was feeling uncomfortable. These two bartenders were not only chasing the crowd away but also the headlining band.   The venue itself had a cool vibe (aside from the nu-metal blaring in between sets), the prices were slightly more than average ($5 for a draft beer, $5 for a well drink, $1 for a "buckshot") and the service, well the service was non-existence. I felt like the duo was put out by my presence. Word of advice if you are the duo reading this--if your income is highly dependent upon tips, you should probably be nicer to the 20 or so people that are actually in your bar on a Monday night instead of driving them (and the band they came to see) away.~corn 
This is so my kind of place. I'm not even what you'd consider a "country girl" but the laid back, fun-loving scene with tasty beer, grub and music is totally my style. For some reason I've seem to be into taking my cowboy boots everywhere and have fallen in love with the western scene, so I like to drag my kicks out on the dance floor for some dancin. The live music is great and people are totally down to boogie. Not in the bump n gridn kinda way you see all over Old Town, but in the get your ugly funk on kinda way.  The food is definitely southwestern comfort food. Not a whole lot in the way of meatless fare, but I've only eaten here once. The deep fried grilled cheese was, well...exactly what you'd expect. Pretty good. Love me some shoestring fries and I could probably just have those for a whole meal. The jalapeno mac n cheese was surprisingly spicy in a good way. Beer and wine selections are both terrific. This spot is totally becoming a regular weekend hangout!~cheese fries jalapeno cheese 
Taco tuesday is awesome! It's a little off the beaten path in old town and the type of people that come here seem to be good people. One of my favorite spots in Scottsdale both because of the service, tacos, Shiner, and the very cool look of the place.~taco tacos, 
Great Venue, Good Food, Terrible Service.  Short Review: We were completely ignored, waited forever to get our food order taken and I had to take up my soda to the bar to get a refill.  Long Review: We were planning on going out to eat before getting to The Western, but after hitting traffic we thought we'd play it safe and just eat at the venue. We had never been, so when we arrived at 7:00 we thought the doors would be open to serve food, but when they say doors open and 7:30, they open at 7:30. As we were waiting outside, 7:30 rolled around and we were told the doors would be opening at 7:45 instead. Okay, fine, we were hungry but we could wait. 7:45, doors didn't open. 8:00, doors didn't open. Finally around 8:15, 15 minutes after the show was suppose to start we got in and we grabbed one of the first tables we saw, right at the front near the stage.   We sat down and were handed menus pretty quickly. A waitress came around and asked if we'd been helped, we said no and ordered a Coke (which was 90% ice) and PBR. We then mentioned that we'd be ordering food tonight. Then about a minute later another waitress came over and asked if we'd been helped, we said yes and assumed they a communication or organizational issue. About 5 minutes later a bartender brought over our drinks and we started noticing food being brought out to the booths behind us. We overheard the people behind us get asked if they wanted food to eat twice, yet our waitress walked right by us. We tried several times to flag someone down, but the opening band had already begun to play so it was difficult to get anyone's attention.   After being ready for 15 minutes, and watching everyone else get their food orders, our waitress came back and we finally got our order in. I don't remember the specifics but we got the grilled cheese and a burger. We got our food about 5 minutes later, which was okay, nothing special. At that point we were so hungry would have been happy if they just brought us over some Taco Bell. About halfway through the meal, we both ran out of drinks, down to the last drop of watered down Coke. We began another round of find your waitress as our food got cold. And once again she walked past a few times. After about 5 minutes of trying I just gave up and walked over to the end of the bar with my empty glass. Our waitress walked over to the bar and since the bartender was busy I asked her for another Coke and PBR. She replied with a cheery, "Sure! I'll bring that right over!" I guess she didn't find it strange that I was trying to get my own refill. She brought over our drinks and we finished our meal. Then the fastest service we got was her bringing us the bill.   Maybe we picked a bad table. Maybe we picked a hectic night. All I know is I may be back to see a show, but I definitely will be eating somewhere else beforehand.~coke ( cheese burger. taco bell. coke. coke 
Very. Good brisket, quest, and burger. The ambiance is very dark but pleasant. There is a good sound system and entertainment many nights. There is a nice dance floor for when dancing is available; most of the recorded music is certainly good for dancing county and western.~burger. 
Great live music and atmosphere. wings were excellent, but portion size was small. I would have liked to see 10 wings as opposed to 8, since the charge was equivalent to the burgers. For dessert we had the apple cobbler which was amazing. I would definitely order that again.   The service was excellent. All of the staff were very friendly and quick.~burgers. apple 
Love this place. Great food, good beers, fried oreos! Had the wings and a burger this time. Not terribly busy for dinner but should be if you ask me.  Service was outstanding and if we were in the mood we would have stayed for the music that was setting up during dinner.  Great non-stereotypical Scottsdale scene for Scottsdale.~burger 
Just spent a few hours here and it was a fine place. They had a country band playing on Wednesday and they were decent enough if you like that music. Some good happy hour beer deals - i believe domestics were $2.50, although they never gave me the 50 cent change. It's like they undercharged me - strange. Tried the nachos and they were a fairly big portion loaded with ground beef and lots of black beans and sour cream. The sauce was a cheese sauce, not real melted cheese. Another gorgeous bartender was patrolling behind the bar as well. Not crowded at happy Hour. Kind of hidden away on 5th - they need a bright sign or something.~beef black beans sour cream. cheese cheese. 
Don't go here for the food or the service! If you like to drink and country music then this can be fun. The food is mediocre and service really really slow. It took an hour and a half for me to get a kale chicken caesar salad. And when it came there was no kale and when I asked the waitress she said they took it off the menu. Thanks for telling me that when I placed my order from their menu with that salad on it. Hmmm. And my sister's burger was suppose to have a fried egg on top.  When they served it they forgot to tell her they ran out of eggs. Okay..... Wtf!  They should just shut the kitchen down and serve drinks with the live bands. The rest of the food in my group was bland and the manager comped the food because "they couldn't handle" business with another party of 75. Our group was six people. Not our problem!  There are way too many fantastic places to eat in Scottsdale. We don't need this lame excuse for food! If they stay in business it will truly only be due to the music and drinks. Scottsdale!! This is your official WARNING! Don't eat at The Western! Your welcome.~kale chicken salad. kale salad burger egg 
Omg, om-nom-nom-nom!!!!!  I typically do not eat BBQ, but sweet mother mary of jesus....YES, YES, YES!    Why is this place so awesome?  1. I actually met the grill master THAT GRILLED MY FOOD!  I met the man behind the delicious-ness that was my meal; he is amazing. 2. The staff/bartenders are cool.as.shit.  Seriously, they work in old town Scottsdale AND they are nice / pleasant / outgoing / cordial / amazing.  Do you know how hard that is to find in Old Town Scottsdale?  3. They were really nice to my mom.... That gets kudos in my book. 4. All of the food was super fantastic - from the salmon to the all-your-fat-ass-can-eat-Sunday-special (which I got); it was all ahhh-mazing!  My mom literally ate her entire salmon fillet, rice pilaf, corn husk, and licked the plate so hard I think she bore a hole in it.  I ate the pork butt sliders + coleslaw + ribs + chicken + yes = happy Siobhan.  5. I randomly found this place through Groupon and I am very pleasantly surprised.  :)  6. They have a sweet happy hour from 5pm to 7pm....half off appetizers + cheap drinks.... Will you marry me Mr. Western?  In conclusion, this is a newer place with live music, awesome food, and even better staff.  So.... Sweet mother mary of jesus, YES, YES, YES!    My mom loved it, I loved it, my brother loved the left overs.....and we will be back.  :)   Thanks you guys!!~salmon salmon corn pork chicken appetizers 
Fried pickles and Ranch! I love this place. I can't wait to try the free dance lessons on Wednesday nights. The food is delicious and the vibe is so laid back and welcoming. I love that it's a bit outside of the busy nightlife area of old town/ downtown scottsdale. Everyone who works at The Western is really nice and the live music is great. get the fried pickles, a burger and one of their awesome drinks and enjoy.~fried pickles 
If you have ever dreamed of an heirloom tomato salad with chicken, it's from here.  I'm obsessed--I'm quietly pining for it now.  As far as live music goes, this place has two flavors: their usual, western-type stuff or outside-promoted shows like Saintseneca, Say Hi/Big Scary, Shakey Graves, etc. I have only been here on the latter-type of night and it was always great.  If you manage your expectations appropriately, you will always have a good time. Check ahead about the music if you're a snob either way.  Love the community tables, love the bison head, love the wallpaper, love the stage, love Eric the bartender, LOVE.~tomato salad chicken, 
Gotta love Thomson House! Good selection of beer on tap (yet not a microbrewery) and cheap good food. Good place to get pitchers with the guys, stop by for a meal, or just hang out and work. No undergrads allowed (perhaps if accompanied by members of the PGSS). Daily specials on the menu are a hit. Most dishes I tried were excellent for the price. The only one I was ever disappointed by is the poutine which is not made with french fries, but with wedges. Granted, these are OK wedges, but I don't like them in my poutine. Service is usually ok, but when it get's crowded, it can be hard to find a server. Love the balcony in the summer!~french fries 
I've attended one event at Thomson House and helped to organize another. Both times the staff have been friendly, helpful and very professional, the facilities are attractive and clean and the food is very tasty.   The Ball Room is excellent for speaker events and receptions - it's where I've attended both events. I've also eaten in the restaurant on the first floor, they do a pretty decent burger.   Definitely my favourite venue for events at McGill.~burger. 
Thompson House is the student lounge for McGill graduate students,  It also includes a ballroom which can be rented out for events like weddings but you might have to be a member to take advantage of that.  It comes complete with a bar and restaurant and is quite upscale for a student lounge.  There are comfy armchairs and couches everywhere so it is quite common to see people coming here to work for a bit or just meeting friends for a quick drink.  Being a student lounge food and drink is very reasonably priced.  The food is generally pretty good albeit the portions can be a little on the small side.  I guess there has to be a tradeoff somewhere though.  You can expect your typical bar food (pizza, sandwiches, etc) here.  The location is its downfall.  It is north of Docteur Penfield on McTavish so it is quite the trek to get here.  In colder weather this can be unpleasant.  You also have to be a member or the guest of one to get in.   The only way to become a member though is to be a grad student or post-doc at McGill.~pizza 
Deeds makes the best Butter Chicken in the world!  Find Flavor Chalet and try it, you will not be disappointed!  5 stars every time!  Love it!~butter chicken 
Flavor Chalet was one of the food tracks being served at the Capital Lawn. I order a side of french fries and grilled cheese. The large image behind the truck and his whiteboard suggested fresh thin cut fries. But the fries he was setting up was from a frozen bag and they weren't thin cut at all, just large soft fries that he had to prepare the oil to deep fried them on. He also took a long time just getting prepared to make my grilled cheese.   In short, he was very disorganized and at least 3 people who were waiting on him to take new orders, left. He spend almost 10min working on my food, he didn't bother to take new orders. He was the only person running the truck.   The fries were bad as expected and the grilled cheese tasted funky. He didn't used american sliced cheese, but used shredded cheese. He also used 2 regular size breads you get at Fry's. For these two orders, I paid $12.50.   In addition, his idea of curry meal on the whiteboard showed a large plate nicely prepared with the toppings. I saw a guy ordering it and he got a small Styrofoam bowl with some premade curry served in it. That cost him $6.   Took a total of 20min to get my order. I would avoid this place.~french fries 
This was the worst experience at a food truck ever! All of the "Specials of the day" items that he had displayed on his white board were not available. He was out of everything! He heated up one last hamburger patty (not fresh) for my young daughter and put the patty on a stale hot dog bun! No lettuce, no tomatoes, etc. I asked for a plain bean & cheese burrito for my other young daughter and he put rice & curry in it! Hello?! what part of PLAIN beans & cheese did he not understand! He then wanted to charge me FULL price for my order plus the burrito and hotdog hamburger. I told him that it was not a fair price and he was arguing with me about it- I will never eat here again and I will let many friends know about this experience!~white hot dog lettuce, cheese burrito cheese burrito 
This review is for the sports book and specifically for the football season.  During game days, there are $2 beers and they have a good selection on domestic beers and Coronas.    The sliders ($3 for 1, $5 for 2) are a disappointment and I've tried them on 3 separate occasions.  The ciabatta bread doesn't seem to be the proper choice and the meat is dry and overcooked.  The condiments are excellent, which is why I keep on giving them another chance.  I wish they would simply return to the traditional hot dogs, but they are trying to distinguish themselves from Station properties.  There is a food court right next to the sports book and you can bring food from there.   Additional positives are you don't need a reservation for a small television and you get a free drink ticket for a $20 bet.~hot dogs, 
I stubled across this place on Leith Walk by chance as it isn't obviously signed nor is it well established yet in the area.  It's aiming for a fresh, Mediterranean feel as the owners are Italian.  Inside it's clean and light with a small number of tables and an impressive deli counter with fresh ingredients.  The service is friendly and the menu offers a good selection of cakes, sandwiches and Italian specialities like pizzas, calzones and pasta dishes.  I had a ham and pineapple pizza which only took about five minutes to be prepared and tasted amazing.  The base was nice and crisp and the topping was delicious with good quality cheese.  Not only was it tasty, but it was filling too and only cost £4. It's a shame Elm Rose doesn't do more business as it offers friendly, quick service and great food at reasonable prices.~pasta pineapple pizza cheese. 
Whilst out and about today, I stumbled across this little cafe, situated on Elm Row at the Calton Hill end.  I decided to give it a try, and was not disappointed.  The inside is small, with around 5 or 6 tables set out, each with a couple of chairs.  The right hand wall was occupied by a drinks chiller, with a chiller doubling as a counter at the back.  They serve the normal cafe range of items - drinks, small cakes, and no doubt paninis and sandwiches as well.  Staff greeted me with a smile, and though I only bought one small piece of cake, I would love to be able to go back and sample some more of their food.  I find the shops on Elm Row are so easy to miss, as they are set back from the road, but if you venture in, you'll find gems like this.  This is the sort of handy little place you'll want to keep coming back to.  First impressions can be everything, and they ticked the boxes for me.~cake, 
This cafe, recently bought over from an Italian (no surprises here!) has the most tempting counter of food! Situated on Elm Row, I would personally rather grab a bite here to go, or eat at home, as it is quite small but the quality of the food can't be questioned!  The staff were extremely friendly, and a woman who worked there assured me there'd be a change of menu by the following week if she could be bothered! I appreciate the numerous specials boards outside the cafe, as the food changes quite often and doesn't start to bore the customers.  They've got a clever lay out, as they offer ciabatas, baked potatoes, baguettes, wraps and rolls which can be finished off with any fillings you choose yourself from the counter! The baked potato with chicken filling I had was really good, and to top it off, they are quite cheap as well.~potatoes, wraps baked potato 
The place was empty, but the staff(owners?) did not seem happy to see customers when the 5 of us walked in. They had trouble understanding English and didn't seem to remember what the ingredients were and kept referencing the menu while making our paninis. My chicken panini was all bread with almost no chicken except a few paper thin scraps. I think maybe they were getting ready to close and didn't want to cook anymore so they gave me what was left.~chicken chicken 
Good place to grab a bite.  A colleague raved about their baked potatoe which I tried and was positively stuffed!  Had a Mexican wrap today, which came with salad and coleslaw.  Tasted great, would recommend as also have prompt service.~salad 
I found this lovely little café on route to a yoga class on a sunny Saturday morning, desperate for some caffeine and a minimal breakfast which would complain if I spent lots of time bending over and touching my toes!   Elm Row Café and Diner is filled with personality, every wall covered with interesting things. There is a well stacked bookshelf in the corner by the counter, and a world map on the wall by the door with a request to 'pin where you've travelled'. It has a few tables but still feels small enough to be comfy in you are there on your own.   I struggled to make my mind up but ended up with an Americano and some yoghurt coated raisins which were very satisfactory. The menu was vast though, featuring a variety of hot and cold snacks, and even Turkish coffee!~coffee! 
A good place for a lunch bite.  They have a few small tables and plenty of sandwiches, salads and soups to choose from.  I liked the buffalo chicken wraps, the falafel and the soups.    I found myself going back there a few times when I was staying in Edinburgh recently because the owners were friendly and the food was very good and freshly made.~salads chicken wraps, 
I stopped here to meet a friend for a quick coffee and cake session, and I was surprised to see it because I have passed the place loads of times and just never noticed it.  This is a wee traditional caff, selling lunch food like paninis, toasties and a selection of hot meals. The cakes were superb- my scone with jam and cream was divine coupled with a cup of milky tea- heaven or what?  It was a cute and comfortable place to sit, and even though it was small we never felt rushed to leave. It was pretty inexpensive too, and I would most definitely come back for something more substantial.~coffee cake 
Took my Spanish boyfriend to Inverness for the day. Went to this pub and had Bombay slimline. Asked the barman for lime or lemon they did'nt have any and he wasn't polite. My boyfriend ordered the food and when it arrived my order was wrong. Told the waiter, he went to bar to get reciept to prove that it was ordered wrong and was argumentative with no apology whatsoever abd insited we pay for original order and wrong order. Terrible attitude and service will never go again~lime lemon 
This is the closest Tim Horton near my house and I have been going there for the past 5 years. The food is the usual fast food but I always go since it's close and the service were good.  However, it all changed when they changed the manager from the older male manager to a new small female asian manager. The old manager is very patient and very chatty and friendly but this new manager is very impatient and rude to customers.   I was there to order the new grilled bagel and she at first mistaken that I wanted a bagel. When I cleared it up so that she has to make a modification on the order, everyone can hear her muttering "oh god...". Then I specifically asked for a combo and when she gave me the food, there is no hush brown. When I ask her about it, she just said annoyingly that she did not charge me and walked away.  As a client, I can accept mistakes in the order as long as everything is clarified, either make the order right and charge me for the difference or apologize and let me know there isn't much she can do about it. However, her behavior is not setting a good example to the other employees and I sincerely hope that they change the manager for this store.~brown. 
Terrible service! Muffins were stale and they would not return my money. The French fries were the worst I have ever eaten. They also let children run around and play and yell.  Coffee is good and hot though. I will go back to TH, just not this one.~french fries 
Ah! Les restos à déjeuner!  On se demande toujours pourquoi les gens aiment faire la ligne le samedi matin à seule fin de se faire servir des oeufs-bacon, avec une tranche de melon et deux rondelles de banane...    À la base, donc, on ne peut pas dire que je suis fan de ce genre d'endroit... Néanmoins, si on devait éliminer 90% de ce genre de restaurant, je pense que je voudrait que la grand-mère poule demeure.  Pourquoi ?  D'abord parce qu'il y a au moins moyen, chez eux, de manger autre chose que les éternels oeufs-crêpe-pain dorés.  J'aime beaucoup, personnellement, les röstis, galettes de pommes de terre rapées, agrémentées de fromage, d'olive, de tomate, de bacon, ou autre selon celle que l'on choisit.  Ils font aussi d'excellentes pancakes à l'avoine.  Les portions sont généreuses et les prix très convenables.  Pourquoi pas une étoile de plus alors ?  Parce qu'ils ne savent pas faire un expresso convenable (et c'est vraiment le MOINS qu'on puisse dire).  Évitez tout ce qui ressemble à un expresso, cappucino, café au lait  en cet endroit (en tous cas, si vous aimez le café).  À titre d'exemple, quand j'ai commandé un expresso double très très court, on m'a apporté une bonne demi-tasse d'eau de vaisselle.  On m'a expliqué que c'était le plus court que la machine pouvait faire...  Merde, c'est au moins 8 fois trop d'eau!  Changez de machine! Leur filtre, quoique manquant un peu de concentration, est bon à sa façon.  Vaut mieux s'en tenir à ça...  Mais tout de même, pour un resto à déjeuner, ne pas pouvoir faire un café décent...~bacon, bacon, pancakes 
A very good place for brunch. They have a lot a choices and it's inexpensive. The place is very cute and decorated like a farm. I had eggs florentine on english muffins and smoked salmon with a hollandaise sauce. It comes with hash-brown potatoes and sweet & warm apples. The bill was less than $12.~smoked salmon 
Well if you need coffee, its as you would expect at Tims. The line up is always big and the service is very slow for a Tims.~coffee, 
This is one of the worst Tim Horton's I have ever been to. Despite a renovation to update the appearance they still can't get your order right. Almost half the time I go there they either give me the wrong item. Tonight I ordered two teas at the drive thru and when I got home it turned out they were both coffee despite being labeled as tea. Often this location is out of the item you want and take way too long to put your order together especially compared to many other Tim Horton's locations nearby. Do yourself a favour and go somewhere else for whatever it was you wanted.~coffee tea. 
Lovely vegetarian cafe that serves good big portions of wholesome meals. If you can't decide what to have at the counter, you can pick and mix, having 2 half portions of main courses for instance, or a main course and a couple of salads. There is a noticeboard, and often artists exhibit on the walls.~salads. 
Susie's Diner is somewhere to go when you've indulged beyond the pale and your body is suffering physical guilt and demanding some healthy comfort. Generous portions of delicious vegetarian fare are the order of the day. They have a system where you can choose various configurations of salads, quiches and hot dishes for set prices in a canteen-esque set up. Prices are generally around £3-£7.    The mix 'n' match crockery together with the self-service food and drink give Susie's a very informal feeling and the casual décor of red painted walls, unvarnished tables and wooden benches all contribute to the sense of being at the village refectory.    Feel-good food in a family friendly diner devoid of any pretension. Lovely.~salads, 
I was disappointed with Susie's diner. For 4.20pounds I got a small plate with one portion of hot food and some rice. No salad or anything. The service was also rude and abrupt; there is absolutely no excuse for rolling of the eyes and tutting when a customer doesn't have the correct change. I will say that the food was delicious (I made my small portion last as long as possible) but next time I would go to the mosque kitchen next door and get a much larger meal for less without the dramatic service.~salad 
I'm really surprised about the crappy ratings this place has been given!!!  Went tonight with my husband. Their homemade guacamole was amazing. I had the baked tortillas with goat cheese and shrimp, extremely tasty!  The service was friend, informative and really fast. The food was prepared quickly and well presented. Try the lime margaritas!  We will be going back soon!~cheese shrimp, lime 
Courteous service but the food is terrible. I ordered the burrito which was cold and came with no noticeable cheese. Beef stuffing was dry and the only flavour I tasted was salt. Will not go again.~burrito cheese. beef 
Strong points:  - Very tasty, simple food; - Reasonably priced, especially given the location; - Friendly, fast service.  Weak points:  - No vegetarian option for main dishes. Vegetarian entrées were available and I was told that the burrito's meat/chicken could be swapped for grilled vegetables at the same price. Weak. Also, grilled vegetables are not a proper vegetarian choice in 2015, especially in a restaurant that features beans and cheese in so many other dishes. - The booze situation. Every table outdoors is adorned with a centerpiece of three beers (not included, just to be clear). The first two pages of the food menu are actually a drink menu. When we were ready to order, with closed menus, our waitress reopened my menu to the drink pages and went on at great length about what was available. I understand that restaurants need to sell alcohol to increase the average check price, but the power sell was a bit too much for me and it really turned me off.  Solid three stars.~burrito cheese 
Good service, horrible food!  It came cold, and when i complained my food was cold (fridge cold) i was told its normal in a busy restaurant to cook all the food early in the morning and then reheat it for service. I respectfully declined that dish and paid for our appetizers and walked away.~appetizers 
I realize how pretentious it is to review an airport Quiznos. However, this $9 salad I just gave up on is particularly bad. Most of the ingredients are literally frozen. The tomatoes also taste like rancid little iced cubes. Gross. Will not return.~salad 
This was the worst/most expensive sandwich i ever had in my life.  I paid $9 for a steak sandwich that had no steak. One paper thin slice of meat on one half of the foot long sub was all i got and everything is supposedly prepared ahead of time so they wont/cant fix it.  And the actual bread was salty ...way too salty. and the sauce that came with it tastes like it was rancid.  The whole thing was inedible.  WORST ever. Dont waste your money.~sandwich steak sandwich steak. 
APD has been great to me! They have shown their passion for paintball and for their customers by the way they treat others! They always take care of my needs and come through when I am needing guidance with my journey as a professional player! Matt is extremely awesome. He's honest and he knows that paintball is a expensive sport but he always seems to be fair. Everyone should make this their go-to store and cherish the good paintball fellowship that it holds.~sport 
I think this is one of the best places to go for everything paintball, and even airsoft! I airsoft myself, and bought an airsoft gun from here.  They have all the best paintball and airsoft guns here. The best quality guns for people who are a bit more serious about the sport. This isn't your cheap Wal-Mart guns here. The employees are also great, and extremely helpful. They will answer any question, and even help you out if you are new at the sport.   For the best in gear and supplies for Paintball & Airsoft go here!~sport. sport. 
Average. I ordered the sandwich with lamb sandwich combo with salad and a soda.  The sandwich is blunt. The portion of salad is generous. I can't finish the sandwich so I tried to pick the meat out of the bread and I found a suspicious hair probably a eyelash.  The worst part was that the owner wouldn't give us the receipt and charged five dollar more than what we should pay. I even asked did he include the tips in the bill. After he ""realized" he charged more. He said he thought we order one more soda. What soda worth 5 dollars? That's totally a lie. He is not a honest man and he acted like it was our fault not telling him we took only two soda. I wouldn't go there again.~sandwich lamb sandwich salad sandwich salad sandwich 
Ehhhhh yani ! When you can't find authentic Turkish food it's like you have no choice but to go here hoping that you'll get lucky and eat something  decent, but unfortunately you can't eat anything good here . First they don't know how to make doner , bulgur pilav is sooooo dry have absolutely no taste ,let's talk about so called Adana kebab now that's a total joke it's just a minced meat filled with cheap quality red pepper to make it spicy and hoping that it becomes what is supposed to be but unfortunately it does not work that way , Now is the restaurant busy ? Ya kind of but with what kind of customers? Definitely majority of there customers don't have Turkish or let's say Armenian backgrounds , they cater to low budget middle eastern immigrants most of them from 3rd world country's where they don't have any idea what Turkish food is .  People who reads our reviews will see that so far we don't have 1 good review about Turkish restaurants in Ontario and Quebec , that's because we travel to Istanbul 4 to 6 times a year and we really know what Turkish kebab is  unfortunately there is not one decent Turkish kebab restaurant specially in Quebec . Place looks like a old Middleastern mosque with all green walls , and the music that you hear while you eat? Omg in Turkish we say (AGIT) meaning? Sad crying song when someone dies this is the kind of music they listen at uncivilized Turkish villages. Before I forget Shepard salad , ezme are sitting on the counter( not in the fridge) yes on the counter covered with Saran Wrap so it does not get dirty , you have to eat warm Shepard salad that's unfortunate :)))))  Is the place clean yes it is but then again that does not make the food good,  Iam hoping 1 day In Montreal we will have a good Turkish kebab restaurants like Toronto or New York but I have no hopes ,why I don't have hopes?  Because who wants to invest in Montreal ? They rather go to Toronto Vancouver etc where they don't have to put up with tax or French bs.  Thank you for reading my review~salad , salad 
Came all the way to NDG for some authentic Turkish kebobs. I had the mixed meat plate, which consisted of chicken, lamb and meatball kebab and some salads on the side. Let me just say, the portions are HUGE. One plate was plenty for two people. I couldn't even finish half of it and gave the rest to my boyfriend who was more than happy to devour it for himself. all in all, the kebabs are alright, not bad for turkish/middle eastern kebabs, but not quite worth coming all the way to NDG for either.    The price was reasonable, around $14 for the large plate, which can be shared generously among two people.~chicken, lamb salads 
This place is nothing BUT express. Waited 20 minutes for two Chicken Kebab Sandwich for take out, and I was the only customer during dinner service.  The sandwich was extremely bland, with barely any seasoning, or lack thereof.  One more thing, the guy who was preparing my sandwich did not wash the lettuce I saw him chopped and he did not wash his hands after handling raw meat either.  I won't go as far as recommending McDonald's instead of this place, but Subway is definitely a wiser choice.~chicken sandwich sandwich sandwich lettuce 
My friend was raving about this, saying it's as good as Antep (as if)  I took the mixed plate, very little meat and was still hungry. Close to $20 with a can of coke. No rice, just some salad and a bulgur type of side. Bread was good, but meat felt re-heated.  It's only ok if you've had your fill of Shish-Taouk in the city and are in the mood to try something else~coke. salad 
Turkish style Sandwich Restaurant. Went twice, the first and the last.  If it wasn't for the amount of time you must wait until your friggin sandwich gets prepared (between 20-25 minutes!) this place may have a modicum of chance with the other dozen or so Middle Eastern sandwich places around the corner. And believe me it is not a busy restaurant. Although one can quip about their mediocre decor or lack thereof, I can only talk positive about the bread they use which is ok, not too fluffy and slightly crispy after it's grilled. Otherwise their other ingredients suck and the sandwich has no real flavour.   Oh and they change their menu prices quite often and I once got charged the older higher price when it was time to pay. Not cool!  :((~sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich 
Picture your favourite winter socks. Are you doing it? Are they woolen and heather gray with red stripes around the top? Of course they are! Old Faithful Shop carries your old faithful favourites, and completely deserves it's adorable name.   This store is a pleasure to be in. Very minimal and calming, yet filled with lots of great household brands. Blankets, coffee extras, soaps and sleek extras make up the inventory, and I dig it.~coffee 
Is this place Brand New?!  Grand Opening Sunday March 8, 2015!   Old Faithful Shop's simple storefront made me stop and want to shop!   Imports from the West Coast: Jacobsen, Stumptown, Blackbird from Portland my favorite city!     A good supply of Coffee making equipment Chemex and Hario.  OFS is originally from Vancouver.~coffee 
Want that expensive rope dog leash and I don't even have a dog. Want that $20 old key can opener. There are things in here I didn't know I needed and then I realize I must have Made in Canada socks. I must have a marble tray. I must have another coffee Chemex pot. I must have... Some explaining to do when I get home.   And, look at that kerning in their logo, though. It's emblematic of how much space is between each item for sale in the store. Respect that move, and respect a store that'll go for broke and carry both expensive ropes and Oregonian sea salts.~coffee 
This guy came over to my house on Saturday to trim my 2 schnauzers.  I thought the first one looked good but when I got close, I could see that the grooming was uneven.  On my 2 schnauzer...poor dog.  A small white femail schnauzer.  He took off all of her hair and you can see pink skin.  He shaved her so close that she has razor burn and rash by her vagina and her anus.  She keeps licking it and she's shaking.  I'm worried that it will get infected and I will have to take her to the vet.  Going to PetsMart to see what they recommend.  I will be welcome to send you a pic of her razor burn to show you.  jk14me@aol.com~white 
** 3.5 Stars **  My love for cooking and food often drives me to search out the best wares and items to create that perfect dish.  When Williams Sonoma came to Canada, I was thrilled but the price mark up kept me away from the store for the first few years.  Fast forward to today and I'm still weary of paying the Canadian retail price but the service and noted constant sales is slowly winning me over.  The store is right at the corridor leading to Holt Renfrew and right across from Tiffany's.  With it's golden accented and deep blonde wood doors, the waft of spiced apple cider pulls me in.  They have a full working kitchen inside the store and one of their cleaver ploys is having a constant baked or bubbling item going at all times.  During Thanksgiving it's their pumpkin butter bars and now it's their peppermint bark and spiced cider.    For the epicurean, this place is potentially nirvana (if it was all free).  You'll find only the best (and most expensive) pieces to adorn your kitchen and dining room.  Heavy copper pots, high end espresso machines, singular grain Japanese knives, hard to find herbs and spices, bakeware, and china fills the room in all corners.  The associates free float and are super helpful to find the perfect utensil or item of your kitchen dreams.    They have many high end brands like Le Creuset, All Clad,  WMF, and Kikuichi. It can be really daunting at first to pick up one item and see it being $300+.  The nice thing is that there are some (relatively) affordable alternatives nearby and the associates are more than happy to explain which one would be best for you.  If you're lucky, you may find one of those ridiculously high end items in their clearance section at a good 50% off. I managed to pick an All Clad saucier that way and I still love it do date.  The store is open, spacious, and well stocked.  There is never an issue with service as they are so efficient in finding you a brand new boxed item and running it through the cashier till in minutes.  Though it is a very expensive store, the quality of the items and service does make it feel special.  Now... if they stop that horrid Canadian mark up, this would be a perfect 4 star store.~apple pumpkin butter date. 
Olive oils from different parts of the world, some as far away as Australia, all processed in California. The oils are all in large metal barrels and you can ask for FREE tastings, before deciding which  oil you like/wish to purchase. There are various fleur de sels and peppercorns as well as balsamic vinegars and pricey pastas. The goods ain't cheap, but this is all supposed to be "gourmet" and  high quality, hence the high prices. The locale is well -situated, in the Jean Talon Market  area,large, airy, and well-lit. The staff is friendly and California laid back, will only "help" you if you ask . Another foodie address to remember and keep.~olive 
Dropped by for all you can eat (AYCE) lunch. For $12.99, it wasn't bad. Now for that price, don't order any raw fish dishes. It won't be 'jumped out of the water' fresh.  The soups were good - a bit starchy but the hot and sour tasted fine.   Thai mango salad - skip. The mango was nice but the sauce was awkward. Kind of like that teenager that hopes to be cool but can't figure out what style they are going for - grunge? Hipster? Goth? I would say "traditional" is best 4/5 times.  I would highly recommend the teriaki chicken. I found their grilled dishes to be piping hot and crisp. I also enjoyed the inari and unami - not huge pieces but they were good...  I'd go back. The service was quite attentive but you had better keep track of what you ordered. They often forgot your dishes or lost track of them. Hence why I can't comment on the dim sum, it never arrived!~thai mango salad - mango chicken. 
Lovely restaurant and lots of great options to choose from. The servers were great and the atmosphere was lovely. Drinks are reasonably priced, too.  The sushi was okay- not top bar but not too bad. It was atleast good enough that I want to come back and try one if their main courses!  It's always empty because people don't know yet what this place has to offer.~sushi 
Updated: They've removed the all you can eat...not worth it now!   For all you can eat this is very good! 11.99 for lunch and it's all you can eat sushi, thai, Chinese and some Dim Sum. For the sushi I would recommend the fiery dragon which is dragon roll with a nice sauce on top. Thai pad thai and hot and spicy chicken are nice too. The mango salad and the dim sum were only ok.   It's not gourmet but for the price it's DEF worth it!~sushi, thai, sushi thai thai chicken mango salad 
12.99 for lunch AYCE. extra $1 for soft drinks with free refills (good deal)! The food wasn't bad, but the chicken wasn't fresh, there was a weird taste to it. Sushi rolls were surprising good. Service was bad though. Solo diners get ignored. That I can deal with since I have been to a lot of Asian restaurants in the past with no service. But this was worse because the manager was actually quite rude. And I got the impression that he is trying to control how much you order. I might stay away until service improves. TIP: SKIP the dim sum and go for the sushi instead.~chicken sushi sushi 
Tried for the first time with a friend. This location has been under renovations or construction for a while, and it hasn't really picked up speed, so it's easy to pass it by. That and it's name doesn't seem that prominent, I thought Hot and Spicy was the description. Oh well.  First impressions; it looks pretty fancy inside, kinda shiny, and the waiters and waitresses use littler ipad things to take your order. I almost felt like I didn't belong. But they were quite friendly, I guess they should be since it was only us and one or 2 people getting take out. My friend got the mango chicken, and I ordered a lunch special of grilled teriyaki salmon.   The special was great, it came with a really good hot and sour soup, some dark organic rice and your typical kind of salad. The salmon was very good. The mango chicken was good but it wasn't a hit. And it costed about $5 more since it wasn't a special..  I think overall the regular menu is a little pricey for me compared to other things nearby. I would come back for the special if I come back, since it was quite good and better value than what else was on the menu. And the service was a-ok.  I think this place needs some more chances!~mango chicken, salmon. salad. salmon mango chicken 
Just came back from the AYCE Lunch & gonna write & rate as I can still remember it:  Miso Soup (3.5 Stars) Hot & Sour Soup (3 Stars) Thai Mango Salad (3 Stars - couldn't tell if the dressing had Fish Sauce in it) Satay Beef - WOULD NOT order again, too chewy Satay Chicken (4.5 Stars - *REALLY GOOD!*) California Roll (3.5 Stars) Dynamite Roll (3.5 Stars) Spicy Salmon (4 Stars) House Fried Rice (3.5 Stars) Thai Basil Eggplant (3.5 Stars) Fried Tofu - WOULD NOT order this again.  Was under the impression this was cubes of tofu with the fried tofu skin, but it turned out to be tofu wrapped in won ton wrappers & deep fried Har Gow (3 Stars) Siu Mai (3 Stars)  PROS: - We were able to get a seat when we arrived at 1:15 pm, but the place got pretty packed shortly after.  - $1.00 Bottomless pop soooo good, not watered down at all. - The place is done up all fancy-like.  Nice atmosphere to sit in. - Service was quick & *SUPER* friendly  CONS: - No dessert on the AYCE menu.   - Dim sum items weren't that great - its like they needed more salt.  Kind of bland.  NEUTRAL/OTHER OBSERVATIONS: - Didn't have the wonton soup when I ordered it, so I went for Hot & Sour instead. - The food here is kind of like Manchu Wok/Szechuan-Szechuan type food, with the addition of Sushi though   - Even though it says on the menu they will charge $2.00 for each item not consumed, they didn't charge us, even though we had about 3 half-dishes of uneaten items left. - If sitting by the windows facing Queen St., you don't wanna be facing west cause the sun will be shining in your face.  =S  - I would go back for sure.  =)  The food could use some work though.~miso thai mango salad ( beef - chicken ( california roll ( salmon ( fried rice ( thai tofu - tofu tofu tofu sushi 
Stopped in here on Saturday afternoon for a late lunch with my fiancé. We ordered a soup and a noodle dish. The noodle dish arrived and was placed on my side of the table.  The soup never arrived. When we  asked about it the waiter said we only talked about the soup but didn't order it. Disappointment. Lesson learned repeat the order or ask the waiter to repeat the order. Went down the street to Ginger to finish the meal.~ginger 
I've been here once before and would have given them a 4/5, but today, the service was confused and slow.  The food was ok. There are better choices in the neighbourhood.  They were slow taking my order, 10 minutes later another waiter brought me another menu.  They missed bringing out my appetizer. Kung Pow Chicken was ok and then it took some effort to get my bill.~chicken 
Came here for dinner with my family and had a very poor experience. The restaurant was empty so we were excited to have dedicated service.   Pros (although not many):  1. Decor is modern and appears fairly clean.   Cons:  1. Very slow and incompetent service, despite being one of the only families at the restaurant. They kept getting our order wrong and bringing out duplicate dishes. An hour in to dinner we still did not receive our sushi and had to place our order again  2. "Cooked" dim sum dishes coming to the table raw  Would not come back and would not recommend.~sushi 
Been at this spot a few times so I wanted to give it a few takes prior to giving it a fair review.  The food is very bland!  Any request for spicy food results in them tossing in chili flakes.  At Salad King they use fresh peppers!  When I was in Thailand, they use fresh peppers.  The peppers should be infused in the meal!!!  Service?  I have only gone through take out, 3 times.  My last experience was super bad.  I had to go back and forth from my office to the restaurant since they messed up my order twice.  THREE trips to that location for 1 order is unacceptable.    The manager I met a few weeks back is super friendly!  I wish he was there to address that issue.  Best of luck to this new restaurant!  Hope they do well in the end!~salad 
Had the all you can eat and it really surprised at the variety of food offered. Salmon carpaccio is definitely worth trying as well as the thai basiil eggplant.don't expect service but they are friendly.~salmon thai 
Dropped by for dinner before a movie at Scotiatheatre. Bad decision. Should have walked a few extra steps to the more well known and well rated places. This place felt like a tourist trap. Dinner is not all you can eat, but ala carte.  Besides the green tea, nothing was ok. Hot and sour soup was commercial and average (probably better than anything else we ate). Chicken in black bean sauce was so bland and bad (even though we asked for spicy). Fried rice was meh. Sui mai and har gow were glutinous and barely had flavour. Very sorry to have spent any money here at all. Just looks clean and neat and spacious. That's all. Walk a few extra steps to Queen Mother or even Ginger. Or Trimurti Indian food across the road. Don't get trapped here.~tea, chicken black bean sauce fried rice ginger. 
Lori Brown is an attorney with this firm whom I have come to know through business networking channels.  I consider her a person of high integrity and professional ethics and an expert in her field.  I referred a close friend to her a few months ago over an issue with a construction contractor.  Lori was able to take her through all the necessary legal steps as well as keep her calm and focused on resolving the issue.  My friend was very satisfied with the way the issue was handled and the resolution during a very difficult time.  I would confidently recommend her to anyone having a legal contract issue.~brown 
I remember Country Kitchen when I was a young boy living in Minnesota.  The restaurants were a lot fewer back then so going out to eat was a big deal.  My memories of it when being a child were all of people that I was with, and not the food, and now I think I know why...  If the food was as bland back then as it is now, it is completely forget-able.    I have dined at this Country Kitchen on several occaisions after movies at the UltraStar Theater (they should drop the Ultra...)  and I have brought my family here several times for breakfast or quick lunches etc.  It will do in a pinch, but I have yet to be really wowed and I am pretty sure I will not be.  Country Kitchen is a lateral move from Dennys and IHOP, with a slightly better focus on service however given the area I know that service will be the first thing to go.  The area of the restaurant and indeed the area where I live is plagued by the economy.  We are a neighborhood of the haves and the have-nots.  When the have-nots barely speak english and disrepect the community it shows and it takes it's toll on the service people.  But I digress...back to the Country Kitchen.  It is a bit pricey for what you get but there are lots of coupons out there including some from their own web site.  So if you must eat here, bring a coupon or the bill will somewhat infuriate you due to the wholly unexceptional food.  Without a coupon expect to pay 15-20% more than a Dennys or Village Inn for about the same food.  On the bright side, I have had lunch here several times and really enjoyed the Reuben, so there is at least one sandwich that has some flavor and was not a dissapointment.  So there we have it, if you are dragged here to eat, get a Reuben.  : )  Enjoy!~sandwich 
Southern hospitality? Yes ma'am (or Mister)  :)  The first thing that struck me was that my server had a lovely accent.  My daughter looked at me & asked me if it was part of her job to fake an accent,,,, I went with no. I'm not sure where it's from, but it's a 'honey & y'all' accent :D She had a very friendly disposition & made our lunch experience a pleasure. She made her mama proud.   The food was decent AND you can have breakfast all day. I love having breakfast for dinner, so that's a big selling point to me :)  The building is fairly new, not too brightly lit & clean.   In all honesty I would have given them an A OK rating, 3 stars, but our server pushed them to a 'yay! I'm a fan', 4 star rating.  Good people make the difference!~honey & 
I've been eating at this CK since they opened ... I think back in 2008. I probably go once or twice a month for breakfast, and occasionally for lunch / dinner. I can say that their management in the past has SUCKED. They've changed managers several times, and can never seem to get a good one. I have no met the current one, I just noticed that the last one I met is no longer there.  The waitresses are usually great. There have only been a couple that have been disappointing, and I haven't seen them around in quite a while.  The breakfast food is pretty standard. Pancakes, waffles, omelets, and all the usual breakfast meats.  Their burgers are decent, but I don't care for any of their other lunch items. Their all you can eat rib or fish & chips nights are a pretty good deal, but I'm not really impressed by their dinner food. However, I've never had anything that wasn't good enough for me to eat till I'm full.~pancakes, burgers chips 
As the mom of  2 kids (a 3 year old and a 8 month old) it seems to be very difficult to find a nice place to eat that is very comfortable and casual- and somewhere that people don't give you evil looks and comments  for bringing kids (Carraba's). We have been here a few times for lunch and the food has always been good. Not great, but pretty good and inexpensive. I will say though that their french fries are some of the best I've had! I would much rather come here than IHOP~french fries 
Despite Christine S and her stellar review, I'd have to say "Surprise you can do better" I've eaten country kitchen 3 times at time of this review, the food is nothing denny's IHOP or village inn don't offer, I'm a bit of a sucker for fish fry's so the one time we actually dined in, I had the fish fry and it's not bad, but nothing special. we've gotten their breakfast to go on a lazy weekend morning, the pancakes are decent, however my breakfast seemed to be kind of sparse on meat,   the other night we got back from happy hour and appetizers with some coworkers of mine and we were still hungry, not feeling like fast food we call up country kitchen and order an order of their sliders and 2 milkshakes. they don't give us an eta or a total on the phone.  so I wait about 10-15 minutes, leave my house which is about 2 mi away, arrive at the restaurant to find it completely barren at about 7:30PM, I approach the counter and the manager just continues to mess with his blackberry never looking up eventually, a hostess comes from the back and greets me, mind you it's already been 15 minutes and all they need to do was grill some small beef pattys and drop some fries, I still end up waiting another 10 minutes for my food, only to have everyone disappear into the back of the restaurant again to have another server come out confused and try to seat me. eventually I get the food, the sliders aren't bad, but there's only 3, WTF it's an unwritten rule that sliders come in even numbers, I don't know if it's just me, or working in a White Castle as a teen, but 3 sliders could potentially cause a rift in some relationships,   the decor is an orgy of applebees, IHOP and denny's but imagine if you arrived  at the "campy wall crap" store only to find they'd already been cleaned out by an applebees corporate decorator, the decorations range from giant utensils, wireframe art, sports posters and scenic views.  I'm really not sure which direction they were trying to go.  unfortunately Country Kitchen is the closest full service restaurant to my home so I will probably end up back here some lazy saturday morning picking up eggs and pancakes.  I was excited to see Surprise Pointe being built and to see more services coming closer to me, so far I've only seen more of the same.~pancakes appetizers beef fries, white pancakes. 
This was a great place to stop and eat breakfast.  I enjoyed the fact that we were seated quickly and that they had the games on the TV.  It felt like I was at home eating breakfast.  Real cozy, which is something I don't feel at Denny's or Norm's.  The menu had many options and they all looked good.  I was in the mood for something with cheese and eggs, but not an omelet, so I ordered the Skillet Scramble with a side of toast... it was freaken good!  Taste was great and the portion size was plenty (I did not finish it).  I was out there in AZ hanging with friends for the weekend and glad we made a stop there for breakfast.~cheese 
Overpriced and boring.  There is nothing overly creative or unique about any of their menu offerings.  Very limited menu, especially for healthier or vegetarian options.  Don't be fooled by their claim to "the best pancakes in town".  They were doughy and not all that spectacular.  I would be surprised if this place was able to make it another 6 months, but according to their website, 5 new Country Kitchen franchises are due to open in the Phoenix area.  Good luck with that one!  Places like Denny's, Village Inn, and IHOP do a better job for less money and have brand recognition to boot.~pancakes 
My wife and I have been to the Country Kitchen twice now and we have really enjoyed it. The servers we have had have been outstanding. Very attentive and friendly.   On to the food. On my first visit I had the blue cheese burger with fries. the Burger was very juicy and tender topped with a good quality blue cheese. The fries were crispy and you could actually taste potato, not salt and grease.   On our second trip my wife and I started with the loaded potato skins with a side of ranch. We didn't even have to ask for the ranch. The server brought it out because we had asked to have a side of it with our burger to dip there oh so yummy onion rings in. :) The potato skins had to be some of the best we have had. they were piled with there four cheese blend and crisp bacon. Fresh. and tasty.   My wife and I split the big BBQ bacon burger with onion rings and it did not disappoint. The brought it out already cut and on two separate plates with an equal amount of onion rings on each. The burger was juicy and the BBQ sauce did not over power the beef. The service was stellar and the food was good.   PS. you get 20% off with a movie ticket either before or after the show. So stop on in and enjoy great service and good food.~cheese burger 
This place is great for breakfast and however many cups of coffee the help remember to fill. I think two is the limit.  I overheard an argument between a customer and the manager about a brown steak. I think he watches too much CSI and should stop interrogating the customers. Have an alibi ready in case you run into any problems with your order.~coffee brown steak. 
Wow, did they ever fix First Fridays. I had almost given up due to the distances, the crowds, getting pushed off the sidewalk by goth kids with glowsticks and cloves.  Now it's so much better!  I mean you still get to say "look at that effin hipster" every five seconds, but now you are doing it from a nice, safe and blocked off Roosevelt.  Everything is accessible, no more scary walks down by vacant lots to get to the next grouping.  I got see Imperial Storm Troopers (I bet they were sweating up a storm!) 2 of the 4 Ghostbusters, the Sisters of Mercy and a guy in a pink fuzzy suit (possibly a teletubby?) who gave me a totally free hug!  Took the light rail down, had a nice dinner, walked off part of the pasta, checked out some art and had a great time people watching.   The decision to consolidate the First Fridays area was a stellar one, and I will be back for sure now - I just may wait until it cools off again.~pasta, 
What a great concept!  A few artist friends have been trying to lure me into checking out  First Friday around Roosevelt for years now.  "You will love it!", they exclaimed.  It didn't exactly grab me as a place to take a baby to...whole bunch of crazy partying artists for an excuse...just kidding.  I finally went along with my hubby and 5 year old son about 5 months ago for the first time and have gone to several since then.  We absolutely loved it!  We parked around Tammie Coe's Bakery (that's how we came to visit this joint so often) and order some coffee and dessert while we walked around.  Artlink definitely revived what was once a seedy part of downtown into something so unique to Phoenicians.  Old and dilapidated bungalows were transformed into jewelry, pottery, and sculpture enclaves.  Headlining local bands performing in front yards...so cool!  It's brilliant to take a small apartment complex in a state of disrepair into single room artist galleries.  My son was mesmerized by a couple of beautiful women with their flame throwing act while a bonfire ablazed behind them.  That's the only time he stood still.    I told my artist friends how much I enjoy First Fridays. They told me "It's not the same as it used to be.  It's so crowded now when it was once just a whole bunch of artists getting together."  I'm glad I waited...~coffee 
I went to April's First Friday this year not knowing what to expect. Downtown was so much more crowded than I imagined it would be. I had no idea where to park since I wasn't sure what I even wanted to do other than eat at the food trucks which are located between 3rd and 5th street on Roosevelt. I ended up parking in the Phoenix Public Market lot. I got there around 8pm and luckily found a spot. Walking the streets (no, I'm not a hooker) was a bit overwhelming. There was a mix of people on the streets, but I will say that I felt like I stood out like a sore thumb.. I guess I'm on the preppy side. Popular trends were skinny jeans, cloves and bohemian folk. We basically just walked where there was crowds because there was something to see everywhere. There is so much going on with street performers, art/jewelry sellers, art galleries, that I don't feel like I even came close to fully experiencing First Friday. I was happy that I got to try some food truck goodies (bacon ice cream from Sweet Republic; banana rumballs, stuffed jalapenos, bombay fries w cucumber dipping sauce from Sunshine & Spice; portabella tacos from Carte Blanc). I'm looking forward to checking out First Friday again.. so four stars since it reeled me in! I now know to expect there to be a lot of people and some rowdiness, but lots of cops patrolling and monitoring the crowds.~bacon ice cream banana fries cucumber tacos 
This location is clean and the cashiers are nice. They offer "Rebel Rewards" and that gives you discounts on gas and other things. They also offer the ringed doughnuts 2 for a $1.  I don't usually get gas at this Rebel it is usually a stop for coffee, fountain drinks, and snacks, but the gas pumps are usually full. I see on the sign that they give a discount for paying with cash.  Rebel has one of the best Vanilla Frappucinno in town too! As far as gas stations go of course!~doughnuts coffee, 
If a restaurant wants to be reviewed on more than the quality of its bathroom, its food shouldn't keep the entire party imprisoned there.  Despite wonderful service, a good price ($10 for dinner), a lot of premium dishes, and fresh sushi, the overall experience was awful. There weren't any standouts among the dishes- most everything was pretty generic. My whole table took turns rotating through the disgusting bathroom... somehow, we were able to time our vomiting. In retrospect, it's kinda impressive.  I think the biggest problem was that the food was kept at room temperature. As others mentioned, the chef spent a lot of time checking on the dishes, but he didn't seem to notice that everything was tepid.   The food also ruined the after-dinner movie, which effectively doubled the cost of our loss.~sushi, 
I've been going here steadily for the last 10 years and it's by far the best chinese buffet in the valley. They've got tons of fresh sushi and any kind of food you want. The spicy chicken and sweet shrimp are my favorites. The place has been completely overhauled as of the last  months and it's never looked better. The owners are always on site, and if you want a specific kind of roll/sashimi/nigiri  they're very happy to accomodate you.~sushi chicken shrimp 
Yea I know most buffet's are ronchy, the food is actually pretty good here. They have fresh sushi, crab legs, and plenty of shrimp. The bathroom stinks, but the food is good.~sushi, shrimp. 
I have been wanting to have Americanized Chinese for a week or so. After driving up 7th St. I stopped at this place. The place had faint wet-rag sort of smell to it, but it could have been that our booth seats were wiped with a wet rag right before as the seats were still glistening with water.   The food is what it is and what you would expect, Nothing spectacular. They have the orange chicken, beef broccoli, spring rolls, and all those type of dishes, however not as assembly line and generic tasting as the Panda Express chains. One of the chicken dishes had chicken that tasted like the chicken was old or left out too long.    The bill for two of us dining including drinks(iced tea)was under $22.00 not including tip. Definitely cheap, however not worth more.   The bottom line is if you are looking for a Americanized Chinese for cheap, then you have found the place.~chicken, beef broccoli, chicken chicken chicken 
Had lunch here today with Rand H and Mike C and compared to other Chinese buffets it's just okay.  Nothing was really bad (except the Lo Mein noodles that tasted like they cooked in a burnt pan) and nothing really stood out as being really good.  I guess they recently did the flooring, and I found it to be very slippery, not good when you're carrying plates of food.  They had a decent selection of the typical items found on similar buffets.  I did find most of the appetizer stuff, like crab rangoon and pot stickers were a little too greasy.  The fried and breaded shrimp was tasty and I did like their style of egg foo yung.  The staff barely spoke English and when Mike asked what something on his plate was, our waiter thought he was asking for more and brought them to him.  The service was attentive, but would have been better if they understood what we were asking for.    I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, but if I was in the area and hungry and wanting a Chinese buffet, I'd definitely give them another chance.~shrimp egg 
From the vending machines in the entryway selling gun and lowrider stickers, to the white plastic menu board hung partially askew, to the cheap-ass jewelry on sale laying out on top of the cash register desk, to the toothpick wrappers and various other little pieces of garbage on the floor in the foyer, to the fish pond with a single sad (possibly dead) koi, just about everything in the place screams "We really don't give a crap". That's the first impression.  Why 2 stars, then? Why not one?  Because the food was actually not . .. that . . . bad.  Still, if you're after Chinese buffet, try the one at 15th Av and Bethany instead.~white 
Captain's Log, Stardate 2009-09-17.    Stopped in this junction of the galaxy last night with three friends after spending all day moving my Captain's Quarters.  I was sporting my skimpy blue retro work-out shorts with white trim, as I was tired and wasn't in the mood to even change.  I garnered a few odd glances (such to be expected) but we were quickly seated.  I tend not to do buffets now, as I'm really trying to watch my weight, but this place was recommended to me by my Lieutenant.  I'll be beating him later, but I digress.    The food was pretty marginal overall.  It was definitely NOT hot enough.  Replicator food on the Enterprise is better than this.  Want to piss me off?  Serve me tepid food and then charge me $8 cubits a head for same.  Some items were better than others.  I almost think there were too many choices.  I'd like to see the choices narrowed, the temperature increased and the food quality improved.    As for eating sushi in a place like this?  No way in Hades.  Not last night, not today and certainly not tomorrow.  I'd rather chase Khan with a crippled ship in a nebula before I dine here again.  Overall, C-  There has to be better choices for buffet Chinese food in central Phoenix, and I'm on a mission to find it.  "Engage long range scanners, Mr. Sulu.  We must find a suitable class-M Chinese food planet in this sector."  :D  --don~white sushi 
Yes, I realize I'm probably risking my health by coming here but I just can't help but like it anyway.  It's cheap & there are lots of options food wise. They even have basic sushi rolls. That's a major plus in my book! Everyone seems to go for the crab, but I don't. If you want crab I suggest sitting where you can watch them put it out. Hustle your butt to grab choice pieces before everyone else.  Keep in mind the people seating you barely speak English. There's always a language barrier. They're really only there to clear plates away.  You shouldn't look around too much while there. The whole place is pretty divey but the food is good & replaced often enough. If decor is important to you don't come here. If you just want to chow down on all sorts of cheap food goodness then drop by. You'll leave stuffed & happy.~sushi 
Went here for lunch with Rand H. and this place is big for a chinese buffet , it is in the shell of an old Sizzler. The food here is pretty good i do not think i tried anything that was not at least average with most dishes above average.they had a couple of different items as well ,mexican chicken wings that tasted like they were cooked with oranges and shrimp balls that were pretty good..So yes i would go back even though it is not one of my favorite chinese buffet but it is a good one.~chicken oranges shrimp 
OK - this is a Chinese buffet so I don't think 5 stars is even possible.  Their quality can waver, probably as much by time spent on the steam tables as any other reason.  Their fried shrimp, hot and sour soup are generally very good. Most everything is in the typical range. They always have poached salmon but the steam table is capable of making it uneditable but when not destroyed on the steam table, it's generally quite good.  Friend said that their sushi was decent but I this doesn't strike me as a place to eat sushi.  Evenings and weekends are priced higher but they generally have crab legs and beef ribs.  Staff is generally friendly and attentive.~shrimp, salmon sushi sushi. beef 
I shan't be returning.  Their festive signage caught me on the way to another venue for lunch, and I thought "why not Chinese?"  I'll tell you why; or at least, why not to select this buffet.  Being greeted on the way in with a "You are on camera" sign sure is welcoming.  I was quickly greeted, though, and directed to my seat.  My drink order was taken before I even sat down, which was nice.  Too many buffets have you walk in, sit down, select a beverage, stand up, and proceed to self-service, and it was nice to save a couple of steps.  But then I got to the food.  Nearly everything had the congealed look of having been out too long; the skin on the surface of the sweet-and-sour sauce was rubbery and at least a half-centimeter thick.  Not exactly appetizing.  I did, however, find some acceptable-looking specimens and returned to my table.  The warmest of the foods could only generously be called lukewarm; most of the chicken was marbled with glibbery wads of fat, and all the sauces tasted sugary and generic.  I could literally not tell the "orange chicken" from the "sesame chicken" from the "pepper chicken" by any sense other than sight.  The rice was room-temperature, but I barely know this because as I was forking a mouthful of rice together on the plate, the alternately obsequious and intrusive waitstaff tried to take my plate out from under me (though, in retrospect, they may have been trying to save me).  The fruit selection, which I also sampled, looked fine, but was in fact soggy and also room-temperature to lukewarm.  They have a somewhat vast dessert selection -- particularly for a buffet -- but I'd more than had my fill.  Walking toward the register, there was a prominent sign re-advising me that walk-outs are recorded and will be reported to the police and prosecuted.  There were three more similar signs at the register/gift shop (!).  Again, very welcoming.  I won't be back, unless I'm told they're under new management.~chicken chicken" chicken" chicken" 
It was hit or miss for us.   We got burgers and first off, the bread. They looked like the 8 pack burger buns you get for an outdoor cookout. They looked and tasted cheap.   I got the A1 Mushroom burger and it was pretty good, except I ordered medium well and it was pretty well done even tasted a bit of a char (not a good thing, IMO). My wife got a burger that was flavorless.  The service was great. The beer was great. Decor of the place was great. It was just the food that left a little to be desired.  It was cool to have a TV at the table, probably a great place to watch the game with the guys.~burgers burger mushroom burger burger 
I had heard some bad reviews about Brewstone, especially about the service there. So I was not expecting a great time when I walked in on Wednesday night but I was pleasantly suprised. First off, I have to get this off of my chest...I was a huge fan of John Harvard's. I was a member of their Mug Club from the moment they started it, and I miss it horribly. So naturally I was very disappointed that the brewing equipment is gone. Don't let the name fool you, Brewstone Beerhouse is not a brew pub. However they do have a fairly good list of craft beer available, as well as the regular cra*.  The service was very good. Our waiter, Lindley (?) was very nice and attentive, extremely helpful as was the bartender in the back bar. The food was good, I had a burger (cooked perfectly, very tasty) It was a little loud, there was a live musician playing by the patio area, but in the back by the restrooms the place was much quieter. The personal TV's in the booths will make for good Football and Hockey seasons. I enjoyed my visit and Brewstone is definitely somewhere I will be visiting again.~burger ( 
Nice design and sporty atmosphere surround you in this large detailed restaurant.   Food is decent. Ordered mac and cheese but got more of a penne Alfredo instead. It wasn't bad but not quite what I ordered. Oh...and I'm clear the server was high...  Good for sports and beer I'd imagine.~mac and cheese 
I got the feeling that Brewstone isn't exactly sure what it wants its identity to be.  There are a large number of beers, but as far as I know, none are brewed by Brewstone.  There is a large bar and huge seating area that seemed like sports bar meets high class lounge.  Booths each had their own individual TVs (along with several TVs on the walls) but there are also fireplaces and other items that didn't seem to go with the individual TVs.  The menu is equally as mixed.  There are traditional bar favorites, but then there were some "fancy" things as well.  The nacho appetizer is HUGE.  The two of us could have eaten it and not had an entree and still been full.  It was tasty, but they should consider cutting the portion and the price.  Or at least having a half order option.  The corn chowder is amazing.  I loved the taste and texture and was disappointed when it was gone.  The burger, sliders and pasta were all OK, but nothing remarkable.  We'll probably be back to try other dishes and possibly happy hour specials (half priced martinis), but we won't be rushing back.~corn burger, pasta 
This place is in transition from "Brewstone Beer Co." to the "Breakway Bar and Grill" and is under new management.   Restaurant: L shaped setup. Two bars full bars, one indoor and one indoor/outdoor. The indoor bar is in between the main entrance and the dining room. The indoor/outdoor is to the left of the entrance away from the rest of the restaurant. The indoor/outdoor bar has booths with personal TV's, an "O" shaped bar with plenty of big screen TV's, and roll up doors which are open on nice nights leading to the outdoor patio. The place is very nice and clean. Very nice look and upkeep  Drink: Great beer selection. They have a long list of beer on tap which includes your normal domestics, seasonal beers, and micro brews. Most places do not have this selection which is amazing for people who enjoy this type of selection. PLUS, they have a two full bars for people who love liquor.   Food: Food has changed since the name has changed and the business is under new management. The menu is similar but not quiet the same and they have rid the menu of many of the items that I liked. They have a good variety consisting of steak, chicken, sea food, burgers, and homemade pizzas. Overall the food is decent but not as good as it used to be.   Atmosphere: Great overall. Dining room and inside bar are a good casual family area. The Indoor/Outdoor bar is separate and has more of a casual bar feel to it. Great place for any occasion and for sports games.   Staff: Overall they are not bad but they are certainly not great either. Some of the waiters/waitresses are good and some not so much. All of them are friendly however some seem very new while others are veterans in the food service. The service is very inconsistent. More consistency would go a long way.   Overall: Good but not great. I miss the Indoor/Outdoor bar being open more often. It really gave the place a different dimension and a more causal relaxing feel that nowhere else really offers during nice days. I also miss the homemade dressings, specialty pizzas, BBQ sauce, and custom burgers. Sure they offer these things but they are not the same as before. I like the place and will go there occasionally but not as much as before. Would have 4-5 stars if they would go back to some of the things that originally made this place the way it was.~steak, chicken, burgers, burgers. 
The Brewstone was perfect for a casual dinner and drinks. We went on a Saturday night and there was no wait, our booth was comfy and had a tv along the wall. We ordered a couple of appetizers and a flight of three different beers. They had a large selection of beer to choose from and the food menu was great. The prices were good and the food we got was very good.~appetizers 
Back a second time. Not good let me tell ya.  This time a burger. I expected better, way better. This burger was ordered medium and came out burned and hard and bad as a cinder block. If you know what that is. Why would they send that out to someone to eat. Disgrace in the back. Who is in charge back there. Onion soup was so-so. Blah. Called the manager and told him, they need to do something in the kitchen, because I would really hope they could be better. Why, well the environment here is outstanding, a great venue, and the beer is good enough.~burger. burger onion 
My wife and I dined here on a Wednesday night (2/5/14), and at first, we were very upset and told each other that we would never come back again.  We asked to speak to a Manager, and the manager Carrie was extremely friendly, customer service oriented, and helped make our visit a much better experience.  We will be back thanks to Carrie fixing the issues with our meal.  Long story short, we waited 35 minutes for our appetizer which was just cheese sticks, and then waited over an hour and 15 minutes for our dinner.  My wife ordered a burger which ended up coming out like a brick it was so overcooked.  I ordered the boneless wings with mild sauce and the wings were overcooked, and cold when I got them.  It looked like they were actually put in the microwave by the way the sauce was by the time I got them.  After waiting an hour and 15 minutes, we were not happy at all.   The manager (Carrie) came over and apologized to us for the quality of the food, and for the wait time, and assured us she would take care of it.    Within 10 minutes, we had a replacement of our wings and burger, and this time they were cooked perfectly.  Carrie also compensated us the check for the wait time and the food being messed up the first time around.  Turns out that there were 2 parties of over 30 people booked at the same exact time and the kitchen ran behind.~cheese burger burger, 
I had a great experience at Brewstone.  I miss John Harvards and am really glad they put a similar restaurant in that space.  The server was great and very knowledgeable about the beers.  She recommended a terrific wheat beer that I very much enjoyed.  The portions were huge and you really get what you pay for.  The food is also very good.  I just bought a gift certificate for Brewstone to have an excuse to go back.~wheat 
Perhaps most the opening week jitters have been corrected.  We stopped in last night for dinner and were very impressed.  As mentioned in another review, the place is spotless. They invested some serious cash in converting the decor from what used to be a dimly lit John Harvards location.   Two bars seems odd however but both were relatively busy.   I went with the fish and chips as it's my baseline for what any bar/pub should get right without worry. It was a bit light on fish and heavy on fries but both were good, so I can't really complain for the price. Better half had the BBQ pork sliders (carolina style) and thoroughly enjoyed them.  Mixed drink for her and draft micro for me seemed reasonably priced.  Draft beer list was certainly bigger than I expected from earlier reviews.   Having a TV inside every booth seemed excessive, but should go over extremely well with the sports crowd and should do wonders for BW3's prices and awful service across the street.  At least none of them had volume on.  Wait staff seemed very attentive but this may also be because they just opened and over-compensate.   A roof over the patio seems necessary, we'll never sit outside on a sunny day without it and nobody was out there either on our visit.  We'll definitely be returning again to try the rest of the menu and catch the drink specials during a steeler game.  Glad to see something different than just another chain restaurant move in the empty spot in Penn Center.~chips fries bbq pork 
Since I work long hours, many times the criteria for a restaurant is how late it's open.  Sometimes, you get both (open and good).  Brewstone was both!.  We have driven past this place a zillion times and never gave it a second thought.  Last night, we needed a late night place so we stopped in.  First of all, it is GIGANTIC.  There are several dining rooms.   We were seated in one of the bars areas.  Honestly, if you like sports this is your place.  There were about 40 televisions just in this one space (this includes a personal TV at each table.  We ordered some late night snacks.  My fiance ordered their fish and chips special.  He loved it.  It was crisp and very fresh.  Wasn't as enthusiastic about the fries. But all in all, he was happy.  I ordered wings.  I did half Teriyaki and half Buffalo.  Maybe it was the time of day I was eating them, but the Buffalo wings were crazy hot (spicy).  I preferred the teriyaki ones better.  They were all fresh and juicy.    The service was good.  We will probably return.  Maybe for some March Madness?~chips fries. 
Brewstone is BEAUTIFUL.  Twinkly patio lights, huge, Sonoma-esque vibe inside...seriously, just gorgeous.  Unfortunately, that's the only thing it has going for it.  We arrived and promptly checked out the huge specials board on entry.  It was Wednesday, so patio pint night.  $3.50 craft drafts?! Sign me up.  We were seated, next to a screaming baby might I add, inside, even though we requested the patio.  We asked our server to be moved to the patio.  We moved to the patio, where our new server tells us the special: half off lettuce wraps, which was advertised on the board as the next day's special.  For Ladies' Night.  Whatever.  We order beers anyway and hope for the best.  We order nachos that have no meat ingredients listed in the menu (unless you opt in), and they come smothered in beef chili.  NOT cool for vegetarians.  Especially when most of the entrees here are approaching the $20 range, I don't want to be surprised with "secret ingredients."  While eating, we overhear two parties next to us request to speak to the manager.  Not a good sign.    Bill takes 45 minutes to arrive after requested.  Beers aren't on special.  We pay full price and high-tail it out of there.  Not going back!~lettuce wraps 
This place is under new management. It is no longer called the Brewstone. The food was so so and there was nothing super spectacular about it. I had a wedge salad which was OK except for the fact that the bleu cheese dressing was not bleu cheese dressing. I had mussels for dinner. They were extremely over-cooked. Everyone else had a burger and they all came out wrong or missing an ingredient.  The beer selection was decent and current.  The wait staff was great which counters for the ignorant hostesses.  The two girls were not welcoming.  They sous there and looked at us and didn't acknowledge us or the other people who came in at the same time.  They stood begins the counter which is in an odd place as you didn't know it was a host stand.~salad cheese cheese burger 
This is a tough place to review...  The decor... 4.5 stars.  Lots of seating options indoors and out.  Tons of TV's available for game day viewing.  The menu... 3 stars.  It's got the usual sports bar fare, but because the place looks so nice, I expected a more extensive menu that just a one page, black and white printed list of their offering.  Perhaps we got a game-time/lunch menu??  The food... 4 stars.  Among the 6 of us, we ordered 2 kids of wings (Garlic Parm & the Whiskey Bourbon), but for $10 you'd think you get more than 8 wings per serving.  Both flavors tasted pretty good; though I would have liked a little more garlic or salt on the garlic parm flavor.  We also got the nachos - pretty standard, and a variety of burgers.  Everyone enjoyed the burgers.  Very flavorful and moist.  The drinks from the bar were pretty sweet.  The service... 1 star.  Sure, it was game-time, opening weekend of the NFL season, but the place wasn't packed.  Most of the patrons were seated in either of the two bar areas.  I only saw one table in the large dining room.  So, either the placed wasn't properly staffed by management for a game-time crowd, or the service was incredible slow.  Our server was very nice and courteous even when I'm sure she could tell we were getting annoyed with repeating requests for refills on drinks long empty, or asking about the status of our food, but she kept a smile and responded politely.    The pricepoint ... 3 stars.  The prices were about what you'd expect for bar food.  $10 for a burger, etc.  In all, while the food was pretty good and the set-up/layout of the place is nice, I think the only way I'd return is if I was truly there just to watch the game, and the drinks/snacks were an afterthought.  If I was going to hangout with friends and watch the game and wasn't going because I was hungry, then it might have been okay.~white garlic garlic garlic burgers. burgers. burger, 
Food Hounds... every so often while on the road, we come across a place that is so incredible that it raises our standards in coolness and flavor.  Brewstone Beer Company was one of those dynamite experiences that just put smiles on our faces.  An extremely large location with about four main dining areas and multiple bars, Brewstone not only serves up their own blends of house-brewed ale; but offers an array of mind-blowing food!  Right off the bat I was thrilled when they nailed my signature drink, The Brimstone Red - sweet and perfect!  Then they brought out this inconceivable platter of their Brewstone Signature Nachos that was utterly astonishing... never before have I been this floored with the MASSIVE size and flavor behavior of... well - Nachos.  Big enough for a hungry couple or a group, it was off the chain with tri-colored tortilla chips, fresh avocado, jack and cheddar cheese, house chili... should I go on?  We opted for all three meats: grilled chicken, steak and BBQ pulled pork to top our serving.  It came out piled-high with large chunks of chicken that had intense flavor and was moist, juicy and delish.  LOVED the sweet and tangy, smoky BBQ pork that was off the charts - total fan.  As for the steak... sweet and unbelievable!  Best nachos EVER in Food Hound history to date.  The Seared Ahi Tuna again blew my mind... Sashimi grade Ahi Tuna coated with black and white sesame seeds; the presentation was enticing - thick and meaty slices, cool and refreshing, fresh and fantasmic!  I thoroughly enjoyed their wasabi mousse - sweet and spicy with flavor that just makes you want more - WIN!  The Chicken Lettuce Wraps were simple and divine; lettuce, chicken, wontons and carrots with a BOSS ginger soy sauce that enhances the taste of the whole shebang.  Something new that we've never experienced before was the Tri-Colored Cheese Sticks - the BIG difference is the use of cheddar as opposed to the typical mozzarella; but aside from the obvious... they utilize crushed tri-color tortilla chips in the batter used to coat the cheese before frying!  So fantastic and unique - they are paired with a spicy marinara and crispy onion straws for good measure.  Of course we had to try the Mac & Cheese - a hefty helping of over four cheeses co-mingling with penne, then topped with big chunks of luscious chicken to create a hot, steamy mini-meal (make sure every bite has some chicken).  The Corn Chowder had a chunky consistency of potatoes and corn with just a hint of seasoning with a bit of a kick to pop your taste buds.  The entrees cometh... we enjoyed a Tex-Mex Sandwich which was an overwhelming roller coaster of zesty flavor - juicy chicken offers an even keel on this sandwich; the pepper jack and jalapeno gives a spicy kick that is counteracted by the avocado adding a fresh cooling effect. The Shrimp Alfredo's flavor is ka-pow... big, juicy shrimp doused in an intense alfredo sauce - a hefty serving for a hungry critter!  Another big deal at Brewstone is their signature pizza - the Meatball Pizza was a solid and delicious pie; the meatballs were large, chunky and offered a great rendition of an old classic.  I almost passed out after the first bite of the Pulled Pork BBQ Pizza as it was orgasmic!  Sweet, smoky and explosive - stacked with fresh corn, their unreal pulled BBQ pork and delectable caramelized onions... full of cheese with a killer flavor.  Beautiful, bountiful... absurdly GREAT!  Lastly, the Chicken Madeira was like eating a Thanksgiving dinner; but with chicken- creamy mashed potatoes and sautéed green beans that were juicy, fresh and crunchy!  The chicken itself was tender and tucked into the plate with a thick blanket of mozzarella cheese and then drowned in heavenly gravy.  Everything was incredible from the food to the service and the environment itself; this is certainly not a place to be missed.  We'll be sure to pop in next time we're in town - especially for those nachos... Hmm... if I leave now...~tortilla chips 
This place looks amazing! The beer choices seem really good. The food is really not worth the price.  Our server never mentioned anything special though we said we were new too the place. We asked what was great and she said, "Well, pizza is really good, but our pizza chef isn't in yet. Everything else is decent." (1pm on a Sunday). Not a good sign at all. We should have known by how empty the place was.   So, I ordered a burger, medium, that had goat cheese and bacon (server told me not to get the goat cheese because it can be "overpowering"--another bad sign since goat cheese is quite mild, but I asked for it anyways). Burger was overdone and not very juicy, and they left off the bacon and lettuce and tomatoes were smaller than the burger--not what you expect for a $11 burger.  Wife orders an ahi tuna salad vinaigrette on the side. Tuna was definitely cooked in the morning and refrigerated. It was dried out and scaly and they put the dressing on the salad anyways and put a second side of dressing. The dressing was unbelievably strong in vinegar flavor. So strong that my wife asked to take the tuna and have them just provide new greens. One fork dip in the dressing was strong enough. $16 worth of salad that was really something you expect to get at a luxury vending machine.  Beer was good, but she could have mentioned that they had a very limited draft list and that what I was ordering was a bottle. Food wasn't good. Service was, meh. In an empty restaurant, you expect servers to be accessible.  We always go twice in case it was just a fluke, but judging by other reviews, this may be a drinks-only kind of place.~pizza pizza burger, cheese bacon ( cheese cheese burger bacon lettuce burger-- burger. tuna salad tuna salad tuna greens. salad 
New ownership, new menu.  Best meal we've had there.  Excellent mozzarella sticks.  Fresh tasty Cobb salad.  Tasty burger with bacon.  Nice meal, great service, reasonable prices.  Much improved.~mozzarella salad. burger bacon. 
as with everyone else, the decor is very nice and very inviting.   Other than that, well, it ends there.    The beer selection is good, but no one knows anything about beer there and the waitress tried to pretend like she knew.  Waitress was rude, messed up our order, took 25 min (empty restaurant). The burgers we ordered were burnt, we ordered medium, and the soup tasted frozen out of a bag.   After we received our check, the waitress disappeared, not asking us for additional drinks etc.... We chose to walk up to the bar and order additional beers,   the bartender was mute at best.   Upon leaving, we said goodbye to both hostesses, but they were too busy texting and talking to each other and we didnt even get a thank you, have a good night, whatever.     Management NEEDS to take a deep look at how they train people.  One person, we could understand, but the whole staff was uneducated.  Its a shame, cause this place could have soo much potential and we want it to succeed.   thousands of dollars on decor and frozen food does not make a restaurant.~burgers 
My husband and I tossed around ideas of where to go for dinner on a Saturday night (3/08/14) with another couple. Our friends suggested "Breakaway Bar & Grill" or Brewstone, or whatever name they are going by. Our friends arrived before us and put our name in for the waiting list. The short women with longer black hair took the reservation and had a HORRIBLE attitude. She called our name and we gathered our belongs in hopes that we were going to be seated, she said, "No. you aren't being seated. Just want to asks you a question." Well. Ok?   We finally got seated after a few minutes of confusion because obviously she had no clue what she was doing. We sat at a large high top table and waited 10 minutes before our server finally arrived to take our drink orders. Then another 5-7 before finally taking our food order. The food menu was lackluster, generic & over priced.  I ordered a burger to be cooked "medium" with a side of sweet potato fries and my husband ordered a pizza. When our food arrived my burger was cooked well-done, flavorless & the sweet potato fries were room temperature at best. My husband stated that his pizza was sub-par at best and was clearly frozen pizza crust instead of freshly made. Throughout the course of visit random people (I'm assuming who were management but was hard to tell from their very causal jeans and tshirt) came by to take empty plates instead of asking about our food. Our waitress was scarce so we were often left with empty glasses.   Needless to say, we won't be returning due to poor attitudes & over-priced below average food.~burger sweet potato 
brewstone has one problem that holds them back. Their service is absolutely terrible. their food is delicious, great beer selection. but when it takes 45 minutes to get appetizers or 15 minutes for a draft beer its unacceptable. I have went here three times at different times of the week and have expierenced the same problem.~appetizers 
Had dinner here with friends.  The place was not very crowded but the food and service was terrible.  I had a chicken dish that was so salty i simply could not eat it. Our server never returned to fill our drinks or ask us how the meal was.  I can not recommend this place.~chicken 
I went here for a happy hour/light dinner and sat in the bar.  The booth was extremely comfortable and i love the TVs at the table.  Others have had issues with both the food and/or the service.  Luckily, everything was good for my group.  Our server was both friendly and efficient - she did explain that the restaurant is undergoing a transition to a new brand, "Breakaway Grill" and therefore the menu was a little different and the beer list wasn't up-to-date.  I asked for an IPA and she was able to rattle off a handful that they DID have on draft.  Food came out quickly and the potachos were decent but could have used a bit more cheese.  I also tried the BBQ Chicken Flatbread - and it was good.  I would go back here.  Granted it wasn't extremely busy so I can't speak to how the service would have been if they had been busier.~date. cheese. bbq chicken 
I like brewstone. I live in Monroeville, and it is one of the few places that isn't a chain. The place is big, and it attracts a wide variety of people. This isn't my first choice of place to go on a Friday or a Saturday night, but it's an alternative if I don't want to drive to shadyside. Their food is good. I like the margarita pizza the best. They have a decent number of brews. I'm not crazy about their live entertainment.~pizza 
Good atmosphere. Good decor. Great beer selection. $5 craft beer pints, typical on what you would pay for those. Waiter was knowledgable about the beer. Food was ok. We had a salad and pulled pork and it wasn't anything amazing for the price.  TVs at every booth was really cool and plenty more around to view every game~salad pork 
Saw this place when driving in Monroeville and stopped in, turned out it was opening week so I hope it gets better.  For a place called Brewstone, I was expecting a place that brewed their own beer.  not only do they not, but  they had one of the worst beer selections I've ever seen at a bar, although their online menu listed dozens of beers as "coming soon"   Our waitress was unfamiliar with the beer selection they did have as well. The food was not very good either, I had chipotle chicken sliders and they were bland with no hint of chipotle and the chicken was tough to the point I felt like I needed a kinfe to cut it.    The best thing I have to say about this place is that it was very clean, but it's only been open for a week.~chicken chicken 
We were very excited to have a new restaurant open in the former John Harvard's space, as it's very close to our house and we go out to eat often. The Brewstone interior is beautiful, with lots of wood, and a gorgeous stone double-sided fireplace. It's without a doubt a warm, welcoming environment (although I could do without so many TVs everywhere).   I really wanted to love Brewstone. We first tried it for dinner on Sept. 19. Service was slow to the point that the manager came out to apologize. Our server was very pleasant and apologetic, and we were forgiving as it's a new place. Some of the food was good (I liked the fish tacos) and other dishes were average.   We tried Brewstone again last night, 9/24. Service was again very slow. I can understand that the kitchen gets backed up, but I don't expect waiting 15 minutes for drinks to arrive. And when my beer arrived... there was a gnat floating in it. I didn't want to wait for our waiter to return, so I walked the beer over to the bar. The bartender replaced it with a "sorry" without any sincerity.   We tried the quesadilla and pizza and both were average at best. The fries are not so great either.   So... I'd give Brewstone 5 stars for ambience/decor, and perhaps 1 1/2 stars for food and service. I sure hope that it improves, I really want to like it.~tacos) pizza fries 
Decent draft selection and local brews including full pint church brew works all saints rivertowne and east end.  Excellent staff and really good burgers.  Fun sports bar atmosphere with a touch of class.  Too bad it is under new ownership.  Hopefully the new owners don't change much.  We have been here many times and always leave happy.~burgers. 
To be fair, it has been several months since I visited Brewstone, so things may have changed since then (hopefully for the better).  I am not writ ting this just to be critical; I am hoping the management will read this and make some much needed changes.  Since the place is a Sports bar, I am going to go with that "format"...  Strike one:  Brewstone is not a brewpub, which is what I was expecting.  The "beer experience" is severely lacking as the "beer menu" was very confusing.  Instead of telling you what beer is what, the menu and the wait staff give you a vague, general idea of what beer you are going to get, such as a "citrusy, hoppy beer," (which equates to an IPA) or a "dark, sweet beer," (a stout).  Being a minor beer snob, I found the process bewildering as I had to guess at what I was going to get.  They should just tell you it's a "Stone IPA," or "Founder's Breakfast Stout," instead of letting you "guess."  Strike two:  The service was less than stellar.  Again, this may have improved, but after we ordered our drinks,  the waitress said she couldn't find the bartender, so there was a delay.  Our waitress (a very young woman) seemed to really be trying, but it seemed like she wasn't trained very well.    Strike three:  The food, again wasn't great.  I got a burger and it was so-so.  My wife was mad that she didn't even get a piece of bread with her salad.  Our 2 friends weren't impressed either.  I spoke to someone else who ate there and they really liked the food, so maybe it was what we ordered..... dunno.  Overall, we were disappointed and underwhelmed.... and we really wanted to like the place.... there aren't too many places in Monroeville that I really like.  I hope the management reads these reviews and makes so much needed improvements.~burger salad. 
The atmosphere was great, good decorations, and a TV on every table let us view an unobstructed Pens game.   The food was average. The fish and chips had an average batter, but the the large pieces of cod were cooked perfectly. The fries were good as well.   The waiters all seemed nice and energetic.~chips fries 
The place just opened last week, and I came on Wed night. The interior is enormous with two separate bar areas, a large dining room separated into two spaces by a dividing wall, and an outdoor patio space. The place is full of flat screen hdtv's, and will be a magnet for football fans on weekends in the fall. They have a major high-end sound system throughout the place (which was sadly playing 70's/80's pop music accompanied by videos on some of the tv's). The a/v investment is very impressive.  I have no doubt this place will be popular. The menu is full of reasonably priced classic sports bar fare like wings, nachos, pizza, sandwiches, burgers, pastas, etc. I stayed safe and went with bbq chicken wings for app and a cheeseburger for dinner. Both were good. Pints of craft beer were $3.50 on the night I came, but not sure if that was an opening week special or the normal price.  I have a couple of things to call out: 1) For a place called Brewstone, and with craft beers all the rage, the draft beer selection is weak. I counted 20 different draft beers, most of which are available anywhere you go (Bud Lite, Sam Adams, etc.) I expected a wider selection of craft brews on tap. 2) I would expect a place that has made such an enormous investment in audio / video equipment would likewise invest in sports programming. I'm sure they'll have the NFL Ticket package, but come on guys, throw us a bone and get the MLB package for the summer. On this night, the Pirates had played during the day and so virtually every tv was showing ESPN programming. I can stay home a see that.  Don't come for the culinary experience. This place is about sports on tv, and music when no sports are on.~pizza burgers, bbq chicken 
What a wonderful place! We ate dinner here for the 1st time a few nights ago(and it happened to be bike night). The place is very clean and the décor is beautifully done with a lot of woodwork and stone...very inviting, comfortable, and pleasing to the eye. The beer selection is why I came, and it did not disappoint! Excellent! A large and varied selection that is sure to please us discriminating beer drinkers out there. As for the food...I sampled the 4 different meals that were ordered for my table and it was all excellent, well prepared, and presented well. I personally had the fish tacos, which were phenomenal! The menu was just right, as well--good selection but not so much as to overwhelming you. The service: well, let me say this: I came for the beer. But I will return because of the service. I was amazed at the level of expertise and service our waitress exhibited, along with her genuine concern for our happiness and enjoyment. She was spot on with everything. THIS is the kind of service I live for! Our server's name was Kerri(sp?), and I give her and Brewstone my highest recommendation.  Well done!~tacos, 
This was a pretty cool experience and great way to do something away from the strip, not to mention a unique experience in itself (wine tasting in NEVADA, of all places). Before an annual holiday trip to Vegas, I stumbled across this activity as something I could redeem my Chase credit card points for, so I went ahead and did it and I'm glad I did! My girlfriend and I like going to Vegas every year but this was just what we needed to keep it interesting.  The hour-long bus rides to and from Pahrump were comfortable and informative, with Mikko being our guide and doing an excellent job. The blind tastings on the bus were fun even if I didn't do so well! The wineries were nice and the people that worked there and gave out tours were amazing! I learned A LOT about how wine is made in general and in a place like the Nevada desert at the first winery, Pahrump Valley Winery. The folks doing the tastings were also very pleasant, especially Jack, the owner of the second winery, Sanders Family Winery -- he was hilarious, very knowledgeable and just great to listen to. He makes you feel like you're family and just having a glass of wine with a friend.  As for the wines...well, wine is a matter of taste and I'm pretty much like Thomas Haden Church's character in Sideways where I think it all tastes the same, but there was one wine (Burgundy) at Sanders Family Winery that I really enjoyed to the point I bought a bottle, not something I usually do while wine tasting (typically the tastings themselves satisfy my wine craving for months). I've always been more into wine tasting for the experience and beauty of the vineyards, and the two wineries met that requirement as well. Finally, the lunch at Symphony's was VERY good. I had the grilled chicken panini with steak fries and it hit the spot, especially after all the tasting.   It is worth mentioning that there is A LOT of wine included in this. Two lengthy tastings at two wineries (plus tasting any other wine you want after lunch at Pahrump Valley Winery) and the blind tastings on the bus was quite a bit...I won't say too much because I did, after all, sign up for wine tasting, but it came to the point by the end of the day I was sure I didn't want to drink wine again for a loooonnnnggg time. It didn't help that the second winery, Sanders Family Winery, didn't have any crackers or anything of the sort to go with the wine (I recommend you bring some), but it was only a minor scratch on an otherwise great experience I highly recommend!~chicken steak fries 
This was a great experience from start to finish! You would think a one hour bus ride from the strip to Pahrump would be boring, but you'd be wrong! They get the wine sampling started early by doing a blind taste test on the bus, as well as keeping the guests occupied with plenty of information about the history of both Las Vegas and Pahrump. Our tour guide, Mikko, was very knowledgeable and kept things fun.  The wineries are interesting and it was cool to see that certain types of grapes can thrive here in Southern Nevada. We got to taste over 20 wines throughout the entire day, most of which were delicious! Lunch at Symphony's was also delicious -- I got the French dip sandwich and steak fries, both of which were of great quality.  Both winemakers were knowledgeable and hospitable. The second winemaker, Jack Sanders, is just a blast with his witty humor.  By the end of the day, you will most likely be a little "wined out" - 20+ samples is no joke... But if you have a free Saturday or Sunday and need an excellent date idea, or just a fun way to spend the day with a wine-loving family member, I strongly recommend Imbibe Tours!~grapes sandwich steak fries, date 
Went there for breakfast with car club, about 15 people, Service was friendly and lots of standard breakfast fare, all hot and fresh. Variety of eggs, sausages, French Toast, pancakes, fresh fruit and coffee/fruit juices. Just show up hungry and you'll enjoy the place.~french toast, pancakes, 
Sometime during my recent review-writing hiatus Vivek messaged me to ask if I'd been anywhere cool recently worth reviewing.  Cool. No. But exciting and worth reviewing for an individual of a certain demographic? Hell yah!   That's right.  On behalf of all the homebodies out there let me be the first to review the Corningware Corelle Revere Store in the hinterlands of Dufferin and Sheppard.   I have a nice Corningware casserole dish, you know, the nice white one with the fluted edged that you'd being to potlucks.  It was woefully underused in everyday applications because it only had a clumsy, albeit pretty, glass lid that neither sealed nor allowed for stacking.   I also have a square pyrex dish that was missing a plastic lid thanks to a mischievous puppy.     Enter the Corningware Store. Not only do they have the lids for my orphaned Corningware and Pyrex dishes, but they also have all sorts of kitchen gadgetry and essentials with an emphasis, of course, on food containers.   It would actually be an amazing place for a housewarming gift, or a very practical wedding gift, or a just-because-gift for your friend of a certain demographic.~white 
It would break my heart if I had to give Baskin & Robbins a bad review. I would if I had to but I'm glad they've never given me reason.   Gosh, I've been eating their ice cream for years (not sayin how many) and my poison of choice is pralines and cream. It's also my mother's favorite and was my grandmother's favorite..so you see what's going on here. I have deviated from the plan and tried other flavors like strawberry, salty caramel and mint chocolate chip, to name a few. What makes them stand out is their ingredients. I mean, I'm eating real ice cream. I can't speak about the cones, shakes or other specialty items because I never tried them. You come here when you mean business.   Parking sux when there's a bunch of traffic but I see some park across the street which may be a better option for some.   Employees seem nice...I mean they're scooping you ice cream. The store is clean and is a great place to cool off while enjoying your tasty treat in the summer!~ice cream caramel ice cream. ice cream. 
A Prime example of what franchisees are unprofessional and have nonexistent health standards.  Came in for my free birthday scoop. Showed the coupon to the cashier, a young brunette. Replied "uh, it has to be printed". Doesn't say on the coupon, nor does it state it in the store.   "Oh and also, you have to tell me first. Because it's a smaller scoop "  Actually, there are not "two sizes" of "one scoop". Just another example of cheap franchisees lowering the standards.  The icing on the cake is, I ask, "well I'm not driving back home to print this out. So are you simply going to pitch it?"  "Nope!" She says cheerfully. "I just put them back!" And that she did, do the disgust and dismay of this reviewer.  I have informed the ACHD, the health department.   I am a small business owner. When others are so deeply unprofessional, it merely drives consumers straight into the hands of corporate America.   If they are so cavalier about tossing ice cream already served back in their containers in full view of customers, there's no doubt a host of other, worse  violations they comitt behind closed doors.~cake ice cream 
Very convenient location on Freeport Road. Staff were very friendly, especially to our little one, and gave her a couple of little tastes of some different flavors to help her make up her mind. As with any Baskin Robbins, they have 31 great flavors at all times - happy to see they haven't ever gotten rid of the chocolate and peanut butter!~butter! 
Great ice cream and many flavors to choose from. The staff is friendly and the place is clean. Parking is tricky when u leave because u back out into traffic on the main drag. The price of the ice cream is ridiculously high. Two scoop sundae was over $5.00 a banana split was nearly $7.00 I don't know of many locations and with those prices they may not last long. I hope they do though.~ice cream ice cream banana 
Dance Fabulous is a great place to just dance, have fun, and get a bit of a workout. There is no pressure to be a good dancer, or to have any dance experience. I regularly go to the hip hop classes, and I've dropped in on a few others - break dancing, salsa, zumba. And there are still more I haven't had a chance to try yet.  The instructors are all friendly, funny, make class really enjoyable. And they often attend each other's classes, so you know they really just love dancing. And there is a really personable group of regulars that make the classes a lot of fun.~salsa, 
I went to the Avro for the first (but not last!) time last week end for some late night drinks with a couple friends. I'll definitely be back.  I really loved the tiny, cozy space. And tiny it is! It's actually very surprising how roomy and big the bathroom was compared to the size of the bar.  Mill Street Organic on tap was a BIG plus for my guy friends. And delicious $3 birthday cake was a bonus for me :) I also enjoyed watching the bartender dig the cake out of the back of the fridge from behind multiple orange juice cartons. I was a bit leery at that... 'is this cake gonna be stale as an old toenail? yuck.' Nope. It was a delight. And a sparkler topped it off. In fact, when i tried to take a pic of my yummy birthday cake and the sparkler fizzled out, he gave me a whole new sparkler for my birthday photo op. Thanks!  The gin and tonics were good too.~cake cake cake cake 
Located right around the corner from my house, I pass by this little nook all the time and only realized it was a bar recently.  I came in here w a girlfriend for a low-key Saturday night to grab a drink, and were sitting at the bar. The very first thing that I noticed was that it was pretty much pitch black in here without the grace of a few dim lights behind the bar.   It was about 11:30pm and this cozy place was rammed!  When I say 'cozy', I mean you're actually squeezing your way in between seats and people that you can barely even see in a low ceiling little nook (I keep saying "nook" so much that I might just start referring to Avro by it haha).  The music they were playing was not bad, but seemed really loud in such a small place.  They have a few beers on tap, and a bunch of liquors as well.  There is no kitchen, so what you see is what there is... I think (I didn't quite explore, but it didnt seem like there was much to explore anyway).  They do have FIVE munchies selections, and my friend and I ordered 3 of the five.  Pickled Egg: $1 (2/5 stars) Kept in a big cookie jar behind the bar, I watched bartender fish one out for me.  It tasted like a hard boiled egg with vinegar, and I added tobasco to it.    Meat on a Stick: $1? (4/5 stars) Can't really go wrong with spicy cured sausages.  They were pretty much the thicker hot rods.  I think they were kept in the fridge since it was served cold.  Toasted Fluff: $1 (4/5 stars) This was our fave!  We watched the bar tender scoop up some marshmallow fluff with 2 teaspoons and then used a torch  to torch it.  That was it! We licked the toasted sugar off that spoon till it was clean!  One of the regulars at the bar told us we should have gotten the Campfire Shot and chased it with the fluff.  Sounds great! Maybe next time...  They also had mini packs of chips for $2 and birthday cake for $3 a slice!  Overall, this place is quite cute if you just want to come for a few drinks.  I will probably come back again on a weekday sometime and check out the atmosphere then.~egg: egg chips cake 
The Avro is the _perfect_ local.  Even though I'm not *that* local.  Walking in on Saturday night, The Avro smelled like vanilla sugar and Stiegl beer and joy.  So, basically: some of my favourite things.  The music was pumping, people were chatting (AND SMILING!  LET'S PUT IN A COLLECTIVE EFFORT TO DO MORE OF THIS, K TORONTO?!), and we sidled up to the bar.  An orange-kissed beer was on tap.  Vodka sodas flowed easily.  We considered the food board: $3 slices of birthday cake, "meat sticks" and pickled eggs on offer.  Another plus of The Avro: outside food is welcome, so show up with your tub of hummus, slice of 'za, and bag of neon Cheetos...bienvenidos, all!    This joint is small, and chock-a-block full of delightful quirk.  Cheeky signs, Backstreet Boys album covers behind the bar, and a big jar of the 'forementioned pickled eggs.  Come here: drink one, drink all!    Yelp note: bring some chalk...you'll want to mark your time at The Avro on the chalkboard-painted bathroom walls (see my pics for visual confirmation).~cake, 
The Avro is a pretty relaxed, comfortable place to go for a drink. We decided to try it out Friday night - getting there for around 8pm it was already pretty busy. The bar is quite small with a couch at the front, a few tiny tables that sit 2-3 people and plenty of seats going along the bar. We were able to get a seat no problem but if we'd shown up at around 9, we would have been out of luck or needed to squeeze in on the barstools.   As I said the place is much smaller then what I thought from the photos I'd seen. Don't let that deter you though! The Avro just might not be the venue to go if you have a large group. For 2 to 3, it's quite cozy and intimate with a great atmosphere. Eclectic decor throughout, and warm low level lighting.  The bartender was really cool, very attentive and aware - so saw my short self struggling to be seen behind all the people sat at the bar, and was able to get my order through quickly. The beer is cheap and good, just how I like it, and if you're feeling peckish they have birthday cake.  Apparently cheap pint nights on Thursdays if you show up in plaid and lots of events and live music regularly going on. If I lived East this would easily be my local and I plan on going back again in future when in the area.~cake. 
This would be me on a daily basis.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-s2tLbqlOc&feature=youtube_gdata_player  My two vices are:  1) A dimly lit local where every nook and cranny has been planned to maximize comfort and cool.                          And  2) Birthday Cake!   The Avro wonderfully fulfills both of these. Whether lounging in the comfortably worn in chairs or standing at the bar to vociferously defend that Of Montreal album your friend hated, it's perfect! The fact that the wonderful bartender plays said Of Montreal album all the way through to get a rise out of him is just too awesome to ignore.   Well done, Avro!~cake! 
This isn't Ms. Lavigne's Avro, but maybe you'll find a skater boy or two (long boards only need apply).   The Avro's traditional bar and rustic trendy furniture made from trees adds a prohibition feel without the illegality.  Don't come here looking for specialty cocktails, but do visit The Avro for a full bar of traditional drinks made right.  The background music was just how I like it, hiptster-shazamable-rock--but not weird high pitched man voices over a synth.  Do you like ordering a birthday? well good, you ego-maniac. "Birthday Cake" is on the menu.  Order the cake and come out a year older, wiser and ... well ...not really, it's a cake -- not a time machine.  Avro is great.~cake" cake cake -- 
Salted caramel macaron...*swoon* Their macarons were so good! We bought the early grey, espresso, creme brulee, chocolate and of course the salted caramel. They're a bit on the pricey side for a macaron but totally worth it! They were so good! I'm glad I don't live near their Yonge St location, otherwise I'd be broke and fat.  I'm not sure if they are really aiming to be a sit down place because it didn't seem like there was much in terms of a menu or drinks but who cares?? Get a macaron!~caramel caramel. 
Apparently this location is where Ruelo makes all their macarons, including the ones for their Richmond Hill location.   I used a Groupon for a box of assorted macarons, and the flavours were all a bit off. It was like testing out different colored jelly beans. I didn't enjoy the Yuzu or Wasabi Grapefruit. Why can't I just have a macaron that's just plain Pistachio?   The macarons themselves were different in size and there was too much filling in proportion to the exterior shell.   Some may like Ruelo's creativity in mixing different/exotic flavours together, but I still like the basics better.~grapefruit. 
I wrote this quick review as I sat in the Patisserie itself and while walking around the neighborhood so please pardon any grammatical errors. Considering the macarons were $3.00 and $2.25, I had my expectations set quite high! Alas, I was to be greatly dismayed!   The $3.00 Ruelo tasted like a Ferro Rocher macaron...you would expect a Patisserie Chef from LCB with a Diplome de Patisserie to be a little more inventive. The hostess very sweetly mentioned that it tastes like the mass produced chocolate too. I mean if you are you going to create something that tastes like a mass produced chocolate...a. Why price it at $3.00 and b. Why make that of all your macarons your SIGNATURE macaron!!    Not sure if Chef Jacqueline Lo was trying to be adventurous with the recipe of the Salted Caramel Macaron! In addition to being hard and dry, it was also sticky... kind of almost like a Sticky Salted Caramel Toffee. If that was the taste she was going for...SPOT ON! If not, either I got a really bad batch or may I suggest the chef make some changes in the recipe.  My sister who had the Blueberry Cheesecake didn't seem impressed and told me the crust of the cake borders on overwhelming the taste of the cheesecake.   The reason I awarded Ruelo 2 stars is because my friend on facebook mentioned  that their Croissants were great and since I have tried it, I ll just have to take her word for it. On a plus side, great customer service!   If you are looking for French Patisseries in the neighborhood, La Bamboche is the closest and best bet.~caramel caramel cake 
$5? For a Macaron!! That's my lunch there!  Ruelo Patisserie recently opens a second location just North of Yonge and Eglinton. I always a fan of Ruelo's macaron in the Richmond Hill's location and I am happy to see them expanding.  The Patisserie still smell like paint when I came by and they still putting in a lot of final touches before I would consider them "in business".  Black Truffle Macaron ($5) is made from real truffle shavings. I have to say I am bias as I always like macaron that has more complex flavour then just pure sweetness.... I would have to say I have a fan of the taste and concept. Since it is Ruelo grand opening, the owner was nice enough to offer this for me free to taste.  I also tried their Ruelo ($3) and Raspberry Lychee ($2.50) Macarons while sipping on an Americano ($2.50). They were all excellent...  This Ruelo Patisserie location will also has baked goods (bread) and of course pastries and cakes.  Welcome to the Neighbourhood! I wish them all the best and it will not be easy to compete with all these Patisserie in the area, this is NOT Richmond Hill!!~lychee ( pastries 
After hearing mixed reviews for Ruelo, I finally decided to try it out since I was in the area and wow I wish I had spent my money elsewhere. $8.50 on three macaroons which were mediocre at best.   The girl there was not enthusiastic and did greet us but there were limited amount of macaroons left. I also walked out after looking at the selection but decided to try it since I was there. My friend and I ended up getting the Signature Ruelo, Raspberry and Cassis (Black Currant). After paying, she went to the back and we didn't even start walking out the door. We both felt she was rude and decided to eat it elsewhere. Mind you, the decor was really pretty with the purples and looked very chic.   The filling tasted bitter, each bite I expected something to stand out but it was nothing special and nothing outstanding. The only one that tasted decent was the Signature Ruelo unfortunately.  Would I come back? No thank you. I'll go spend my well earned money elsewhere.~currant) 
I got three macarons, and found them to be pretty good.  However, I left my chocolate one for last (saving the best for last!), only to discover that I was given a coffee-flavoured one instead by mistake, which was disappointing.~coffee- 
Afternoon tea *2 stars* Chocolate pastry dessert cake (Ruelo) *4 stars*  Went specifically for afternoon tea but it was a little disappointing.  I expected the sweets to be better considering it was a patisserie but, the best part of the 3 tiered afternoon tea set was the savoury appetizers!  Surprisingly, the macaroons offered were not the best, a little too sweet and a little on the artificial side.  Even at $15.99/person it could have been better!  The Kusmi tea was nice, not spectacular but aroma and taste were good.    Aside from the afternoon tea set, we also shared a chocolate pastry dessert,  It was a chocolate mousse dessert with vanilla creme brulee filing and crispy praline layered on top of chocolate cake .  The dessert was covered with dark chocolate ganache and gold leaf sprinkles.  It was really good, light and creamy with just the right amount of sweetness and a good balance of textures.  Buy again?  YES!  Service was on the plus side as it was friendly and we had several hot water refills. We also stayed long after we finished eating, but were still offered ice water.  I would skip the afternoon tea and stick with the desserts!  Some of the flavour combinations were also quite enticing and unique, so worth a check!~tea * cake ( tea tea appetizers! tea tea chocolate cake 
I visit this location and their original one in Markham several times a year. It seems there are more unique macaron flavours available here tho.  I stopped by last weekend to see what they're offering and got real excited when I saw the last mandarin olive oil macaron in the display.  I had been waiting for this flavour ever since macaron day when Jacqueline (the owner) mentioned she will be experimenting with this flavour.  This was good, but when the only comparison I have is Pierre Hermé's mandarin olive oil, it's not quite there... it needs a bit more olive oil flavour. Still... Ruelo gets a solid 4 stars for having the best macarons in the city and using quality ingredients in their macs and cakes.~olive olive olive 
Came here courtesy groupon for the tea for two. I had read about their macarons and was looking forward to trying them here. They ask for one to reserve in advance which just alright as the other dinning companion had some dietary restrictions. Parking is quite close and reasonable in a Green P lot. We just confirmed and waited for the our stuff to arrive it consists of the following: Two scones with Devon cream and Kusmi jam (good) Mini danish (decent) Mini Atlantic smoked salmon sandwich on a scone (average) Mini shrimp salad sandwich served on a crispy crouton (average) Daily quiche (good) Macarons, crème brûlée, and banana bread (good) cappuccino (OK) Macarons actually have layered filling which is interesting. The baked good are worth a visit again. The service was kind of slow even though they were not busy when we dined.  I would say for desserts 3.5 stars.~tea smoked salmon 
The place is small but comfortable, good volume of music. Really liked how they had a variety of tea selection and there are actually testers which really helps you to choose the right kind of tea for you. The service is actually pleasant, smiled and greeted me upon arrival and asked me about the food after I'm finished. The food is okay, nothing too special. One if the desserts is pretty good with strawberry filling, forgot to ask for the name. The macaroons are good, had the blueberry lemon and had a blueberry filling inside of the middle layer. The overall experience is not bad, might come back again.~tea tea lemon 
I came here three months ago when it just opened and bought 4 macaroons. Then I found out macaroons here are so pricey! $3-5 each depending on which one you get. But their texture is really nice compared to others. It's not too sweet, slight crunch on the outside, slightly chewy on the inside with a layer of delicious pastry cream and they are big in size. My favorite is fleur de sel caramel. I also got the earl grey, lavendar, and chocolate, but other people got to eat it.  I'll have to visit again soon so my review is a little more reliable :)~caramel. 
Came here earlier this week and was really excited to try something new - a little sugar never hurt anyone... So we went in and dazzled by the lovely colours and sights, my friend I ordered just two macarons - and lattes. I didn't bother trying the pastries as they didn't seem to look appealing - not bad, just not amazing for the price they were asking. I don't even think pastries in Paris were priced this high... We ordered the Rose Lychee and Pure Chocolate. After biting into them, I noticed mine had a slight freezer-burnt taste. My friend also noticed the same - after exchanging bites, it was confirmed - they were definitely directly from freezer. Maybe it was the day?  Not sure but it was a let down - simply because visually, they looked so good. We didn't finish them and won't go back :(~pastries pastries lychee 
The storefront seems relatively average, nothing exciting, no fireworks going off here. I instantly regretted the three freaking blocks north I had to walk from where I was visiting to go to this place on a hot humid day. But since I was already here, displaced three whole city blocks away, I thought that I may as well check this place out. My laziness knows no bounds. The interior was arguably nicer, gives off the impression of a small quiet place, tucked away from the rest of the city.   What was I here for? Macarons of course. Ruelo Patisserie is truly inventive with their macaron flavours, they have your typical chocolate and vanilla macaron that every run-of-the-mill French bakery have, and they also have flavours like Green Tea Sesame, Yuzu and Wasabi Grapefruit (I'm seeing an Asian influence here, don't you?).    Please visit my blog to see more! Thanks a bunches ;)  http://simplygluttonous.blogspot.ca/2013/07/ruelo-patisserie.html~tea grapefruit ( 
Ruelo Patisserie is a little sleek and cute purple place right off Yonge st. The atmosphere in here is quiet and comfortable and the staff is very friendly.  Ruelo offers coffee/tea, baguette sandwiches for breakfast/lunch, sit in desserts, macarons, and bread. You can also order small cakes here and weddings cakes too. Prices here are steep; macarons range in price according to its flavor and can go up to $5 for one! Macaron flavors include: wasabi grapefruit, cream cheese orange, early grey etc. Small 6" cake here costs around $28.  They also have a very small list of espresso beverages and a nice variety of loose leaf Kusmi tea. I got an Americano ($2.95) and I didn't enjoy it too much- too watery and somewhat bitter. Tea here will cost you $3.75. Extra 75cents for iced or a slice of lemon. I wanted to pair my Americano with a macaron or sit in dessert but they had no desserts on the counter and only a small selection of macarons left over, no flavor which I was interested in. Also, I wanted to see their bread, but they did not have any. Prices for macarons, sandwiches, and cakes are not listed in the store which I didn't find too helpful.~grapefruit, cheese cake tea. tea lemon. 
Hands down, the best macarons I have ever had. I didn't expect this because the store in unassuming and was manned by a Chinese  teenage girl who didn't know much English, but the macarons are near perfect. I love the flavours, my favourite being the creme brulee and the rose-raspberry-lychee, and the macarons are just how I like it. A delicate shell with a moist, dense but still airy centre. The fillings were sweets but not to the point it is off putting.   I would definitely recommend it. I hope to try their cakes and afternoon tea sometime.~lychee, tea 
Desserts for a very special occasion, or perhaps a really extravagant tea party! The cakes and desserts here are so gorgeous and the flavours are unique.  I was first drawn here because of their lychee and raspberry macarons.  They also have a lot of other interesting options like yuzu and green tea.  It's just fun to try new spins on classics.    They also have individual serving cakes that look like small works of art.  You almost feel guilty cutting into them.  Their cakes are also one of a kind - I ordered a red bean, green tea and sesame birthday cake for my mom and it received rave reviews!  Each layer was created with such care and precision, and you were able to taste and enjoy each flavour.    My only thought is that I wish the cakes came in larger sizes.  These cakes are too special not to share.~tea lychee tea. tea cake 
We came here with a Groupon at around 3pm on a weekday. The service was kind and the the food came out on time. We were treated very nicely despite having a Groupon, I give the shop a bonus point for that. The tea was all right, but I've had better quality elsewhere, the boyfriend really liked his tea though. The foods were very good. I enjoys every item the were served on the tower. I especially liked the mango salsa,proscuitto and the macaroons they've included. Compared to afternoon tea at Windsor Arms, this place offered a much better selection of food/dessert items. Overall it was a very enjoyable meal.~tea tea mango salsa, tea 
I attended the grand opening of this business on the weekend and was impressed by the variety and quality of the macarons. My favourite was definitely the raspberry lychee. Samples of the other goods on offer were okay, but I don't know if I would have paid the prices they ask for.  An iced latte was $3+ and the 14 oz mug was filled with about 3/4 ice! I had to knock some of the ice in the garbage so I wouldn't spill it on myself.  Overall I was very surprised by the limited number of things for sale. The cakes looked very similar and beautiful, but to be honest I didn't try any because they looked like mousse or cheesecake and I'm not a big fan. I thought they would have more cakes with fondant and other types of pastries.  If you are a macaron aficionado, this is certainly the place for you (if you're willing to pay their prices). I hope they can stay in business but with this limited offering it might be a challenge.  Note  - the tea here is amazing...and I never drink black tea otherwise!~lychee. pastries. tea tea 
Their Macarons are one of the best I've had in Toronto with very unique flavours such as Green Tea Seseme and Wasabi Grapefruit!  They definitely taste ultra fresh.  I especially loved that they're not too big and not to small - the perfect size.  If you're a Macaron lover, you must visit this place.  Especially with the La Bamboche (yonge/eg location) closed, this will definitely be my new to-go place for a Macaron-fix.    I got a half a dozen packaged for a birthday gift for my friend, but I couldn't resist getting a couple for myself!  I got the Ruelo & Green Tea Seseme.  Both flavours that I haven't tried before.  The Ruelo contains milk chocolate ganache with a crispy praline center.  So yummy! I can see why this is their signagure flavour.  The Green Tea Seseme contains green tea ganache and a crispy black sesame praline center.  Very delicious as well.~tea grapefruit! tea milk tea tea 
I visited the ESCADA store on Bloor street in Toronto today and was very dissatisfied with the service we received.My friend was looking for a white pant suite and when we found the perfect item we had been looking for all day, we were shocked with the store representative who told us we were not allowed to try it on. We asked the sales representative for a size and she asked who it was for. My friend said it was for her and the sales rep looked her up and down and said "Oh" very rudely. My other friend not picking up on this said " Yes, we also saw a matching shirt we would also like to try on" and the sales lady turned to my friend and she "these clothes are for women only!". My friend turned bright red and said she would like to leave now. The sales rep then proceeded to say that there might be some jeans that might fit her. We walked right out of the store.  All of us are biologically women and were shocked to receive such horrible service from such a well known store for its quality and taste. My friend was incredibly embarrassed for being mistaken for the wrong gender and we were horrified that someone would tell someone they could not purchase the clothing they want to because they are not the "correct" gender for those items.   ESCADA, please remind your sales representatives that they should never guess the gender of a client based on appearances (not that my friend looks anything like a male) and that if looking someone up and down and giving them a look of disgust is completely unacceptable.  This incident cost your store thousands in sales today and we plan on sharing this experience with our social networks to discourage visiting this location.  May I recommend some sensitivity training followed by some customer service training since clearly both of these had been missed.~white 
Escada is one of my favourite stores to shop at on Bloor street.  It is now located where Mendocino use to be and I find this location to be perfect, since its beside Sephora (another one of my favs). This store is well organized and up to date with seasonal trends which helps me go through the store with ease. Even though I consider myself a professional shopper and enjoy it very much but I dont like to stay longer than 20 minutes in a store. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by a beautiful lady and I had the oppurtunity to an one on one shopping experience as she showed me the new fall/winter collection. I like the quality and style of clothing and that is why I keep coming back. I will say if your a person on a budget think twice, this is designer and prices can get ridiculous but to each their own. The only reason why I won't give this place a 5 star is because every time I shop here, this place is empty and it can get a little boring...that boutique music ain't cutting it. Any way, Im glad I don't have to cross the border when I can just go downtown now ;)~date 
I generally love Swiss Chalet! The chicken, ribs and gravy are an quick and easy dinner solution. The service at this location was not very good. I ordered a half chicken dinner and the chicken was very, very dry. It was like they had kept it on a car engine or somewhere else that was warm  and uninviting overnight somewhere so that it could be served the next day. The experience has me turned off from eating any Swiss Chalet for a long while. In hindsight, I think I would have been better off getting breast meat and warm sides from the supermarket across the street.~chicken, chicken chicken 
This Swiss Chalet location is only for take-out and delivery which works great for me.  I tend to stick with the chicken soup, which is amazingly hearty but once you order 3 (because for 2 ppl that like it a lot, 1 ain't enough) it comes to nearly the same price as two regular meals ($15!) so that sucks. That isn't this location's fault, though.   It's good and quick and convenient, so it's worth it when you don't want to stop by a busy restaurant.~chicken 
I wanted Swiss Chalet and knew that there was one on the corner of Spadina / Bloor. Little did I know that when I walked in - it was mainly a take-out delivery spot with 3 high top chairs for quick eating. Didn't matter, I was getting take out anyway.  I'm not lying when I tell you I LOVE SWISS CHALET. It is my go-to comfort food and it is always consistent every time. It's been quite some time since I last ate it but I had no doubt that it would not disappoint. Sadly - my expectations were a whee bit high.. both on the food and the service.  There was no one at the counter when I walked in and waited several minutes before anyone showed up. I was watching the cook in the back as he continued to prepare his next order leaving for delivery. The girl was super nice and efficient but I had gotten a little impatient. The store smelled of major BO which made me want to leave as quickly as possible and the space was run down and dirty.  When I finally got home and hoped to enjoy the awesome quarter chicken dinner, I found that the white meat was rather dry, than the usual juiciness, even if it was white meat. The corn (side dish) was also dry, and over cooked - pretty sure it was microwaved. Surprisingly, the chalet sauce seemed rather salty (maybe it's just my tastebuds), but overall... a sub par dinner that I had high hopes for.  Maybe it's time to stick with dine in and dark meat........and ribs next time :)~chicken white white corn ( 
I imagine upon seeing this review you're asking yourself (or someone near you) incredulously whether "people still listen to radio?"  Firstly, pipe down this is my review...feel free to rebut at a later time :)  And secondly, don't be too shocked but it's true - I still listen to radio. And yes, before you ask, I have an iPod that I also listen to voraciously because apparently every moment of my life must have a soundtrack.  And while I don't remember how I stumbled upon the station a couple of years ago (though it's been on the air in Toronto for just over 30 years) what I do know is right from the get go, I was hooked.    Now rock (the focus is on classic rock but that covers more recent years then you'd think) isn't everyone's cup of musical tea but it's where my heart lies so rarely do I hear a song on the station I don't like or don't know.  To give a bit of background let me be clear that radio is my music comfort zone....I leave discovering new music for my web surfing hours 'cause that's just how I roll ;)  Aside from the fantastic music, the thing that keeps me hooked are the DJs and the various radio personalities. They all love what they do and love the music they play, that comes across loud and clear, not to mention the specialized knowledge they all seem to have spanning decades of music - which makes a nice change from the cookie cutter personalities on other Toronto stations that move from one station to another without blinking an eye.  The morning show with John Derringer, Maureen Holloway, Ryan Parker and Bill Hayes is incredibly entertaining each day and when you know how much I hate dragging my butt out of bed, you then know how good they have to be to make me laugh at 8 am.  Joanne Wilder (9 am - 2 pm) is great to listen to at work and Kim Mitchell (yes THAT Kim Mitchell) does a great afternoon show (from 2 pm - 7 pm including the rush hour drive home) and there's Andy Frost and Al Joynes too.  My personal favourite though is the DJ on from 7 to midnight during the week, Alex Hindmarch...the guy's got a casual style that is super appealing and entertaining.  Another draw for me...and I think fellow Yelpers might find the appeal in this too...is their theme and "top lists" weekends.  Each weekend of the year tends to have either a theme (this past weekend was "80s music that doesn't suck!") or a countdown (usually reserved for long weekends and feature lists like "Top 107 lead guitarists" or something similar) that is voted for by listeners.  I enjoy both but LOVE the latter...I've been known to go out of my way to make sure I'm available to hear the top 10.  So while I may be a relative newcomer to the station itself, they've got themselves a loyal listener for years to come :)~tea 
Richard and his team at Property Repair were a delight to deal with. Professional and genuinely friendly - which is an underestimated quality in a trade where you put your faith in the experience and know how of the contractor.    When I needed a quick and very flexible approach to a kitchen expansion Richard reacted both with speed and also understanding that we could not close the kitchen during trading hours. Richard scheduled the work in a logical sequence, suggesting aspects that could be carried out away from site and were then installed after the kitchen closed each day - with minimum impact to trading times.    The work was carried out on time and on budget and after each session the kitchen space was left in a clean and workable condition ready for the next morning.    I'll definitely be using Property Repair again this autumn for the next phase of the expansion project.    Recommended.    Chris Lynch Owner Coffee Angel Limited~coffee 
I love this place!! This is a great place  if you want to hang out with your friends and bring your babies with. It is very spacious and you can take the strollers inside! The chocolate- zucchini cupcakes are sooooooo delicious!!! I also tried the veggie sandwich with goat cheese and it was yummy!! The prices are very reasonable. The owner of the place and the lady who helps  are very friendly and it's very nice to chat with them.Sooooooo I give them 5 stars for their excellent service. I also plan to have my daughter's 1st birthday party there as she loves going there and playing with her friends there. I would highly recommend Playful Grounds.~zucchini cupcakes sandwich cheese 
I came here as part of the indie coffee passport (ICP). There have been some good finds so can't complain much. But like ICP's in the past one runs into spots which are quite bad. This place is such an example. More of an event space with a cafe on the side IMO. Just vile vile stuff here in terms of espresso drinks. Desserts are way over priced (3.50 for mini cup cake that has frosting which belongs in the garbage). I am all for supporting a good cause but this is plain ridiculous. I am sure some management type came up with the idea to turn this place into cafe for revenue generation but instead of charging regular cafe like prices I would say just have a donation box at the counter and have people pay what they feel like here. Here is the verdict Espresso: Mild Crema': Poor Milk: Frothed poorly and not latte art to speak off. This is a very poor attempt at a Cappuccino. You are better off trying a powdered drink IMO. 1 Star.~coffee cake milk: 
2.5 Stars  Upon entrance of this place I found it to be pretty comfortable. The decor is pretty nice and unique. As I walked further into the cafe, after I ordered, I spotted a little play area for kids. This is quite an interesting thing I have never seen before.  I ordered the Latte and was not overwhelmed. In fact, it underachieved in my opinion. It was ridiculously hot first of all (I am pretty sure it's not supposed to be nearly boiled!) and secondly there was not much punch to the coffee itself. This could be as a result of the Roaster they buy from (Alternative Grounds), but it could also be the barista.  The food selection is quite disappointing as well. Everyone who walked in asked for a food menu (although I don't think a menu is necessary) and were told there was muffins and bagels...that's it. Also the baked goods were frozen and not fresh, which is not great.  The reason this place gets a 2.5 star instead of just 2 is for the creativity of thinking about children by creating a place for them to play at.  My impression is they are having a hard time with business, but I will give them credit for trying something different.  I don't think I will be back here, but it has serious potential.  That's it.~coffee 
I didn't like it here at all.  First of all, I asked for a brewed coffee (on the menu) and the person working, who I assume was the owner told me that she just ran out and wasn't brewing another pot because she wouldn't sell it all.  It was 2:30 in the afternoon.  It's brewed coffee.  And also, that's not my problem.  So I ordered a soy latte instead, and it was awful.  I'm not even a coffee snob!  Trust me, this was BAD.     The "play area" is tiny and the floor was filthy.  My kid's scooting leg was black.  They need a gate.  It's not about drinking coffee and not watching your kid, it's about  general safety.  It may be better for an older toddler (like 3 or 4) but my 1 year old just kept trying to crawl into the kitchen area.  Oh, and when I asked for water, the owner rather rudely pointed out that it was "right there" and looked at me like I had 4 heads.  I won't return.~coffee ( coffee. coffee coffee 
Out of the 3 baby friendly cafes in Toronto that I know of, this is my favorite. The play area is small and not fenced in and I don't mind at all. In fact, I think it's a smart idea as it's not the staff's responsibility to watch your kids while you chat and eat but the play area is there to make your life easier and your child's visit more pleasant. There is a train table with full tracks and trains, a kitchen with all the dishes and fake food your kids need to "cook" and make believe, a bookshelf packed with books and other various toys. The floor plan is open and quite roomy and the bathrooms are incredibly kid friendly with flip down child toilet seats and lots of stools. There is a kiddy menu that is very reasonably priced and tasty. The food overall is pretty good but simple since there is no full kitchen so the owners do the best they can. There is a liquor license. Oh, and the best vegan cupcakes from Sweets from the Earth that I have ever had I am not vegan. In the Summer there is a small patio and the front doors open up but are blocked by a large leather sofa so kids can't escape.  The owners are the friendliest and most open ladies I have had the pleasure of meeting and this is one of my go to places now when I want to enjoy a tea, lunch or brunch with a friend or group of friends. I actually have even just gone on my own once and my daughter had a great time playing and I got caught up on some work on my ipad while enjoying a coffee and muffin. My daughter likes the grilled cheese or pizza. She didn't even want to leave to go get ice cream! lol! That's the hard part, getting your kids to leave. I really suggest going here if you are looking for a nice relaxing cafe experience that your kids will enjoy too. This is not a kids cafe or an indoor playground. This is a good cafe that caters to adults and makes their lives a little easier by providing entertainment for the kids. This is a community cafe.  If you don't want kids running underfoot or hearing little voices do not bother going here.~cupcakes tea, coffee cheese pizza ice cream! 
For years I've been the kind of skint hair chick who uses a different hairdresser each time, looking out for deals and acting as a model often in order to avail of good value options.   When the time came to get a grown up hair consultation, I turned to Medusa (based on great reviews of their colour technicans on other sites) and I've not looked back. My stylist is Kym (who is a Creative Director) and I can't recommend her highly enough. Her  colour expertise and the way she cuts and blow dries my hair is superb, she offers straight up advice and is never pushy with add ons or products. I'm going from black to a much lighter shade in stages, and feel confident with each step we take.   The environment is fresh, friendly and not overly 'hairdressy'. No-one has asked me where I'm going on holiday. I love coming here, they are flexible, friendly, professional and serve coffee, tea by the plenty.   They are very flexible with timecales, which suits me as I'm always running and busy. I've often got an appointment at short notice, and I'm confident they'll do their best to fit me in whenever I call.   The icing on the cake? Coco the mini French Bulldog who sometimes hangs out in the shop. Cute as anything!~coffee, tea cake? 
This place was excellent. Not only was the stylist totally cool, but worked around my OCD and cut my hair perfectly. I went from an almost shoulder length bob to a very short asymmetrical hair style. It was fantastic. The salon was clean, the coffee was good, they had a fabulous product wall... Really I couldn't be happier.~coffee 
well everyone there is pretty nice i got gel tips from them and i do beat them up pretty bad at work and they are holding up as they should. they were reasonably priced. There is one Asian lady i like a lot i forgot her name though my fault. I also got a pedicure from them as well they did good.  PROS: * inexpensive  * good color selection * nice people *television available  CONS: *Some of my tips are longer than others *When i got a pedicure the water was so hot it burned me feet and they came out of the water looking like cherry tomatoes *whenever i seem to give them the tip off my visa they seem almost disappointed since its not cash (i dont carry cash and im not starting anytime soon) *the language barrier but its no one's fault *the massaging pedi chairs are made for people taller than me *sigh*  Since the cons outweigh the pros it gets 3 stars but you are still getting really good service considering how much you pay for it and i will continue to give them my business because the lady who gave me the pedicure was really nice and she did a really good job getting rid of my callouses and didnt torture me too bad (im extremely ticklish).~cherry 
Horrible. Service while there was fine, no complaints. However, after three days my entire gel manicure has turned from light pink/nude to yellow/ brown. I've read this is caused by bad product used. Won't be back!~brown. 
I have a confession to make my fellow yelpers...  I am SO sorry to say this, but I've been hiding a lil gem all to myself. China Buffet is my all-time favorite chinese food buffet. We're always greeted with a smile and a nice autmosphere, I like the sing-songy contempo chinese pop in the background, it's not too loud so it's good.   The dining area is vast and is always kept clean. The uniformed staff are always on the ball - clearing plates as soon as you take your last bite and always offer to refil drinks.  The food is very very good. I love the bbq pork. The sesame chicken & beef n broccoli are favorites of mine as well. Their wonton soup is super yummy! I always start every meal a nice bowl of a couple of 'tons. lol.   But the real attraction for me is the Sushi Bar!! Their sushi is real hit or miss... but is more hit than miss... and since it comes with the meal - it's worth atleast taking a gander at. Their salmon nigiri is always good when in stock, as is their shrimp nigir - but I have had a couple of pieces of bad tuna nigiri, which disappoints me but I still go back and give it a go. When tipped well - the sushi chef will make things to order. The sushi isn't the best in the city - by far, but it is good.   I've taken a lot of people to China Buffet and everyone liked it except for one friend who thought their abolone was gross... but abolone IS gross... regardless of where it comes from.   And so i say unto you, my fellow yelpers please forgive me for keeping this place a secret. I hope you try China Buffet and enjoy your visit. It's one of my favorite places to dine anywhere and I constantly use this place a measuring rod for the new chinese places I visit and they rarely compare.~bbq pork 
I love the banh mi here. Banh Mi can be very difficult to find but here it is Very authentic and cheap. Good quality and flavor. Along with that I always order the Vietnamese iced coffee which is a delight. They make it fresh. It's good food for a great price.~coffee 
I'm going to give this a 5-star for their Avocado Shake! I love, love, LOVE their avocado shake. It's best made when the owner (father looking man) makes them. His kids (well at least I think it's his kids) help out and make the shakes too, but it  just doesn't compare to how he makes them.  I'm not into trying the other shakes because they're not made with real fruits...they use powder mixes...except for the avocados.~avocado avocado 
Terrible boba drinks. Everything uses powder mixes. Even Tea! I have had many boba drink from garden grove,CA to Chandler,AZ. This place isn't even close to their flavors. By the way, I ordered the Thai iced tea, it tasted like water with POWDER Thai tea mix and some milk. It tasted just that: water and powder.~tea! thai tea, thai tea milk. 
I've gotten boba drinks here before, but today was my first day getting a sandwich.  I spent last weekend chowing down on bánh mì in Cali (a shop on every corner) but I hadn't gotten my fix. This did the job :) I got a chicken sandwich and it's stuffed full of veggies! Yummmm. The chicken isn't too bad either.~sandwich. chicken sandwich chicken 
Groceries and sippin on some boba is the life :)) Ive been coming here forever.  I love the owner. I use to cut his hair til I move to a different salon. Hehe :)  My best drink ever is the ice thai tea boba!!!!!! Deeelishhhhhhhh  Great sammiches as well. :)~thai tea 
We got problems at "Our house." Tactless and  Nickle & Dime you...leaves me bothered and broke  I must admit, I am a little excited to write this review. I had to wait and let myself cool down.  My sister just came back from Cali and while there tried boba tea. I was shocked she has never tried...nevertheless we were on the search for boba tea.  Being from Portland, OR and loving FatStraw on Hawthorn for its boba tea I had somewhat predisposed standards of the the root based little novelty . Little did I know Our House was not operating on the same level...  I had the Strawberry.. Both of my little sisters had Taro.. We all had boba in them   Sister 1 did not like the little boba and wanted to exchanged it for a different drink. My lil sister...barely 11 walked up to the counter and politely asked only to get rejected, she walked back sad, knowing she either dump the drink or power through the drink. I then walked up to the employee and discussed a few business ethics and standards that AZ and USA operate at a normal basis.  With his broken english he refused any refund or exchange transaction....I thought to myself...all this for what... for his poorly made product? Pick and choose your battles.  Sister 2 did not lik the AZ based boba tea store...she wished she was still in Cali. Don't we all.  Me: It cost me just under $4.25 for one drink w/ boba, tack on an additional $.50cents for the fact that I used a debt card!..So i payed 4.75ish for a drink made with powder and NO customer service..~tea. tea. tea taro.. tea 
I've come here a few times and must of the time it's just a bite under a 3 star. I'm not into the powder mixed drinks. I feel that the drinks come out too sweet and watery.  If I had to base this on the Avocado drink...oh man...I'd add more stars. The avocado drink is from fresh fruit and I was very pleased to see that. It's my favorite flavor thus far and it's probably cuz it's not a powder mix...plus it really does taste like avocado. It's not too sweet...it retains it's true flavor. I'm definitely coming back for this drink...no doubt!~avocado avocado avocado. 
Waited at the counter for a few good minutes before I was finally acknowledged, (the man was pacing back and forth so I'm positive he knew I was there. Anyway, decided to stop by just because I was already inside grocery shopping. Ordered the avocado boba and again, waited and waited. The whole ordeal was about 20 minutes. Finally got my drink and definitely tasted like some cheap a** artificial stuff. You could tell that they didn't use real avocado. What a waste of money. I feel bad for the people trying boba for the first time at this joint. Please try bomboba! It's in the same plaza by subway.~avocado avocado. 
This is the other restaurant in Lee Lee. I don't know if it's Korean, Vietnamese, or what. They have sushi, banh mi, boba tea, and a cooler case full of kim-chee. It's more of a casual, grab and go type establishment than Hope Kee.  I can't say anything about the quality of their food. But I did grab a thai iced boba tea. YES - two awesome things combined in one drink! Not only that, it was really good.   The lady who made it was so proud of the quality of their boba teas, she insisted that I take a sip before I even left her counter. Then I sucked down the rest before I even got to the end of the block. It was so worth the belly ache.~sushi, tea, thai tea. 
This time was not that good. Took forever. Sandwich was very bland not as tasty as I remembered. Maybe different cook :(~sandwich 
I have been in several times. Three times for sushi and three times for the vietnamese sandwiches. I see some lower rating. I rate on service, quality of food, value, how do they make me feel. I have always been treated very well. I am by no way an expert on sushi or vietnamese sandwiches, boba drinks. This is the only place I have ever had a baba drink. All I know is I have always  gotten good service and the food was good. Their boba drinks or the ones I have tired are very drinkable. I don't usually get one because I find them too sweet. If I eat chocolate I like a 99% bar. They have limited seating I think about 4 tables with three chairs at each table. They are set up for the people that are on the go. Order a sandwich, sushi, drink eat it there  or take it with you. The sandwiches are inexpensive, less expensive than eating at one of the fast food places.  I have been there about six times now and will be going back.~sushi sushi sandwich, sushi, 
Communication with customers is an area of opportunity for this USP. Most people do not know standard shipping processes and cost.   They said they could print a pre-paid label from an email. AFTER PRINTING the woman told me it would be 3$. (3$ to print a single black and white piece of paper with a prepaid label on it.)  If I was informed of the cost before printing I would have printed at home.They waived the charge, I was grateful.~white 
This is a really small pub at the top of  Dublin Street, opposite the Stand Comedy Club. It's useful to know about if you are about to see a show at the comedy club, or have just had a busy day shopping at the nearby Harvey Nicols shop. Otherwise, there are better pubs to visit. They have 2 tvs showing sky, but the setting of the pub has a barrier in the middle so only those sitting or standing directly by the tvs can watch them. So this makes the small pub even smaller. When there was a bookies next door a lot of punters would come in and watch the horse racing at the weekends. The bookies has now closed so the pub is usually very quiet. It does have room for 4 tables outside, so if you are lucky to be there on a sunny day, grab one of those. Their food menu is better than you might think. I've had chicken and bacon wrap with fries a couple of times and it's tasty and generous portions. Not much atmosphere there though, so there are better options usually.~chicken bacon fries 
Not really a remarkable put in any way, it's one of these ones where you never think to go even if it is 3 minutes from your flat. It's a bit, meh when thinking of places to spend your evening..  However, when you get in it seems to be so friendly and pleasant that it's like a Derren Brown mind trick and you want to stay there forever and ever. A warm interior, fairy lights and it's proximity to the centre of town make it a strange treat now and again.~brown 
Super experience , note they now serve alcohol !!    Love the decor and friendly vibe .  Had a super nice guy take my order and recommend great stuff , I ate a pesto bowl and a sandwich with tumeric bread.   Both great.  Also super cheap drinks .  Vanilla Smoothie to finish me off which alcohol was added to as well at my request.  Prices great and food better than some more famous vegan restaurants in the city I've tried .  Highly recommend as a vegan  !! :)~sandwich smoothie 
So much deliciousness...luckily we have time!   Vegan places are popping up big time in Montreal, and Propulsion is one not to miss! The sandwiches are out of this world! My favourite is the purple taro sandwich and I chose to have the fig bread, the homemade vegan mayo is incredible and their rice bowls are delicious too!  The ambience is relaxed, the staff is very friendly, they are licensed and I'm told that they make food until pretty late at night, so double win for vegan midnight snacks!  I look forward to coming back to check out the smoothies, the chili and well pretty much everything!~taro sandwich fig smoothies, 
Being a vegan tourist is not easy, as you probably know,  so I was really happy to find this place.  And it was excellent!  The staff were incredibly helpful and sweet.  The food was delicious and fresh.  The iced tea was amazing.  A wonderful compliment to poutine for lunch!    I had the fennel sauce and my partner had the mole. Both were incredibly savoury and the vegetables were perfect.  Each flavor was so distinct and complimented the others nicely.   The zucchini cake with avocado icing was a delicious dessert.    I only wish I could eat here all the time!~tea fennel zucchini cake avocado 
Amazing little vegetarian restaurant with delicious, simple food and a really inviting concept. My wife enjoyed the fennel/pumpkin bowl while I indulged in the mole bowl. We split a vanilla smoothie, and ended the meal with the most delicious sweet potato cake topped with maple frosting, and sliced kiwi and mango. To top it off, the owners both front and centre and really really nice guys. We will definitely be back!~smoothie, sweet potato 
At this airplane-themed vegan resto you have a choice of either bowls, sandwiches or salads (seasonal, but who really craves a cold salad in -30 weather anyhoo...). My dining companion and I went for bowls - she chose the brown rice with Mexican Mole sauce, marinated tempeh and asparagus/beets. Mine was a quinoa with pumpkin-fennel-cashew purée and grilled zucchini and steamed cauliflower. Both had nice little mache, sprouts and a drizzle of balsamic - a beautiful and well-rounded dish. My only critique would be that the purée wasn't hot (or even warm) and neither were the veggies and the quinoa was only slightly warm. Consistent temperature (either hot or cold) would have been preferable as it was an odd mix. I'll just be sure to request that next time as regardless everything was delicious and clean-the-plate worthy.   The service was very warm and the selection of drinks both alcoholic and non was nice - kombucha, tisanes, coffees, smoothies etc. No room for desert but they had coconut-banana and coconut-mango ice and other sundries that were tempting.   Halfway through our meal we had a lovely surprise where one of the staff started playing the piano...instrumental music - mostly covers ranging from Daft Punk to Bjork to the Mamas and the Papas. A nice touch. Will most definitely return.~salads ( salad brown tempeh quinoa pumpkin- fennel- zucchini cauliflower. quinoa smoothies coconut- banana coconut- mango 
Every once in awhile I have a meal at a restaurant that exceeds all my expectations, and it happened recently in of all places, Montreal, Canada.  In a city known for smoked meat and french fries loaded with gravy and cheese I had one of the best meals ever at Propulsion Cantine Vegetalienne. A Vegan restaurant  with an Airplane theme on the famed Saint Catherine's Street.  From the menu to the decor, from the waitress to the owner, this place is funky, fresh and entirely unexpected. Simone and I brought some friends with us who were Vegan and we actually arrived about twenty minutes before closing. I was a little nervous that the service and the food would be sub par because of the time of night but we were happily greeted on arrival by the quirky and funky waitress whose name I cant remember but whose personality I can never forget. She was more then willing to talk our ears off about the entire menu and about their new restaurant that has only been open since mid summer 2013.  The decor is aviation themed including a mannequin of a 1950's pilot and many parts of an actual propeller plane that had crashed and the owner had bought and turned into the bar and some seating tables.  It is all very cool to look at while waiting for the food.  Speaking of food, we decided after speaking with the waitress that we would just let her decide what to eat and so she started us off with a sample of a cool and refreshing cucumber smoothie. From there the four of us split a create your own bowl.  This was a imaginative concept where you choose a combination of grains, vegetables, and sauces. We went with a Pesto Bowl and had Quinoa, Bean Based Pesto, and fresh grilled Zucchini and roasted Cauliflower in it. Although completely dairy free, and thickened with garbanzo beans, this was the best Pesto I have had. It was creamy, nutty and garlicky great. The quinoa and vegetables were cooked perfectly as well and this was a great start to the meal.  Next we wanted to explore the sandwich menu (all sandwiches come with tempeh in them and of course your choice of fresh, moist, light vegan breads) .They all sounded so good our waitress suggested we split a variety of them and she would be sure the kitchen would cut them into portions for us. I didn't think it would get much better after the Pesto but these sandwiches were just over the top great.  The choices we went with were the Lentil Cari sandwich ( my personal favorite), The Mungo Mango ( voted by my friends to be the best), and The Purple Taro Portabello (still good but third on the voting scale). The Lentil Sandwich on Turmeric Bread was tempeh with a lentil patty that had a hint of curry and spice and just the right amount of smokiness, The patty held together on the outside and when you bit in the lentils were cooked perfectly tender but not mushy.  I have never had lentils that tasted so good in my culinary life and the only thing that upset me about this sandwich was that I had to share it with the rest of the table. It was my absolute favorite. Next up was the Mungo Mango. This was also pretty good and consisted of Chinese Mung Beans and Fresh Mango's  with tempeh on Fig Bread...It was earthy and sweet and everyone at the table loved it also. Lastly was the Purple Taro Portabello.  It was also good (and very purple) with mashed taro and sauteed mushrooms with tempeh but I found it to be a little soggy and less flavorful then the other sandwiches.  By the time we ate all the food it was past closing but when we asked the waitress if she wanted to cash us out to help with closing she told us not to worry about it and then she went and ate her own dinner.  We ended up staying for awhile longer and chatting amongst ourselves and with her and it was only when the kitchen (and pilot outfitted owner) had started to leave that we got our check. On the way out we took some vegan cookies with us for the road and they of course were great.  That night I dreamed of Lentil Sandwiches and so the next night Simone and I went back for another helping of sandwiches, pesto and good conversation with our friendly waitress. There was also a great piano player that second night who was amazing and we ended up staying again until closing. Everything about Propulsion is five stars, in the future they will be adding Vegan alcoholic drinks and fresh local salads. I hope that people check this place out because it truly is a hidden gem and I hope that I will have the pleasure of many return visits when I travel to Montreal.~french fries 
After a week of being in Montreal and not eating vegan my husband and I were thrilled to discover this place while walking on St. Catherine St. in the Village, a block away from the Beaudry Metro stop.  We had the rice and mole with broccoli and a smoothie.  So happy to have something healthy.  Met the owner and his mother who were delightful.  It just opened a month ago and I hope it is a success.~broccoli smoothie. 
After eating at several amazing vegan restaurants in Montreal we didn't think there was anymore room to be impressed but our lunch at Propulsion was amazing!!   We started with a vanilla smoothie and enjoyed every drop! It was very refreshing! My husband ordered the mole maple with brown rice and veg and loved it. I had the pumpkin on barley found it to be very satisfying and tasty. I'm glad I added the extra tempeh. The smokey flavour really worked with the rest of the dish. We finished off our meal by sharing a piece of sweet potato cake topped with maple sauce and fresh fruit. It was mind blowingly delicious! These guys haven't been open for long but have created something great! I do hope they do well so we have a chance to go back on our next visit.~smoothie brown pumpkin barley tempeh. sweet potato 
This small sandwich shop is well located and food is O.K. The sandwich that I had was fine. Nothing memorable, but decent. Many items were not ready when I went there for lunch. Hopefully next time when I visit I would have the chance to try more items from the menu.~sandwich sandwich 
Went there for a late night lite meal.Great meal, entertaining staff who were exceptionally friendly. Fresh ingredients, good smoothies. Delicious pesto! Perfect for light vegetarian fare.~smoothies. 
La déco vaut vraiment le détour ! Même si dans l'assiette et le service, la présentation fait un peu plus cheap : on est assurément dans une cantine.  On regrette simplement que les savoureux sandwiches ne permettent pas d'apprécier davantage les produits (mungo mango par exemple). Pour les desserts, le gâteau avec glaçage à l'érable est un régal !  Le prix modéré et la terrasse bien placée sur la rue Ste-Catherine en font néanmoins une très bonne adresse pour les végétaliens et autres omnivores moins fortunés, de passage à Montréal, sans en attendre autant que La Panthère Verte (3 adresses en ville...) ou Crudessence (...mais c'est une autre histoire !).~mango 
Qu'on ne se laisse pas avoir par le mot "Cantine", ici on est bien loin des patates frites grasses et des hot dogs relish moutarde salade de chou. Le concept est intéressant; On propose un menu interactif (et extrêmement abordable, les prix n'allant pas plus haut que 15$ pour un plat) où l'on peut créer à l'aide d'une liste d'ingrédients originaux son sandwich, sa salade, son bol-santé et même son dessert! Et qu'on ne s'imagine pas un comptoir à la Subway; tout est préparé à partir d'aliments frais et bio dans la cuisine pour ensuite vous être livré dans un bol genre "petit cul-de-poule" ou "gamelle à chien", dépendamment de vos références de vie. Ça fait pas de très belles présentations, mais ça fait parti du thème j'imagine. Un clin d'oeil au chutney de poivre rouge, j'en aurais acheté un pot à ramener chez moi si j'avais pu. Mais Propulsion, c'est plus que de la nourriture, le gars avait une idée encore plus poussée derrière tout ça. Voulant donner un aspect théâtral au souper de ses clients, on peut donc jouir de la présence d'un pianiste qui se donne en spectacle les vendredis et samedi durant toute l'heure du souper. Ça, en plus du décors style rétro sous le thème de l'aviation (Le bar est en fait une réplique d'aile d'avion!), ça vient créer une ambiance vraiment agréable et qui sors de l'ordinaire. Par contre, je cherche encore le rapport avec la nourriture végétalienne et les avions... Et soulignons la serveuse qui fut d'une rapidité exemplaire, je veux dire, pour un souper d'ouverture et un restaurant à presque pleine capacité, j'ai vraiment été impressionnée par son travail.   En tant que nouveau restaurant végétalien (ça pousse cette année à Montréal non?), ils ont réussi à se démarquer grace à leur concept original. Est-ce que ça va être assez pour les faire survivre à la forte compétition qui commence à s'établir dans le milieu? Je leur souhaite! Mais ce qui est sur c'est qu'ils valent le détour, autant pour un lunch on the go, un souper entre amis ou un healthy craving à 4h du matin! (Un resto végétalien ouvert jusqu'à 5am les vendredis et samedis? Yé!)~hot dogs sandwich, 
On a trip to Montreal, most people will recommend that you check out the city's culinary scene in some way, shape or form. That's no simple task when you're a nut-allergic vegan dating someone who's gluten free and lactose intolerant.  So the fact that this place was a five minute walk from our hostel off Ste-Catherine was a godsend. Do not be alarmed by the pilot-dressed manikin in the window (which is kinda creepy) or the questionable stability of the upcycled plane wings as tables (which are still extremely rad). The food and service at this place were really exemplary.  I can't remember the last time I felt so physically healthy and still deeply satisfied after leaving a restaurant.   The miso plate I got was excellent and the complimentary smoothies that we received the first time around were so good that we went back to have them as meal on their own before our return journey to the states. The owner was really friendly and he even switched out my complimentary smoothie for another after he learned about my nut allergy.   Food was delicious and I stress that even if you don't have a restricted diet, if you just want to feel good and energized after a meal while still enjoying a culinary experience, this place is worth checking out.~miso smoothies smoothie 
Such a relaxing, calm place with delicious, healthy food. The people who work there are friendly, too. You don't need to be a vegan or vegetarian to enjoy it. I loved the quinoa bowls and also the mango mung bean sandwich. I went here a few times during my vacation in Montreal because it's one of the few healthy options in this area.~quinoa mango sandwich. 
I used to work in this area and would have LOVED to hang at this place, but only visited for the first time last night post-Elite event. The staff was so friendly and accommodating and we were a large group! Local 4 just had a nice, relaxed vibe, 10 good taps (including Pear Cider YUM!) and the few bites of food I tried (thanks Christine and Dennis) were very tasty. I would definitely go back. I bet the front patio gets crowded in the summer, but I'll chance it.~pear 
Everything at Local 4 was good, but not great! The burger was good and I had a Blanche de Chambly which is a good beer, at a good price, served by a good server... you get the point. Nothing really stood out!  I would be happy to go back, but wouldn't out of my way to do so.~burger 
Went here today (Friday evening) to use a coupon my friend bought on www.groupon.com. Needless to say we got a really good deal :)  Place was pretty nice. Food good, service GREAT and nice decor. Overall I would say it's nothing that will blow your mind but it's still better than average! They have a nice patio out front too.  We tried the butternut squash cakes for an appetizer, and split 2 mains - a sundried tomato with pesto pizza and the Local 4 falafel.  The falafel was delish, the butternut squash cakes too. Pizza was mediocre.   Note that the food is slightly more expensive than posted on the online menu - they need to get that updated but it seems to be about 10% higher now.  Our server was absolutely great, made food recommendations and was attentive and funny too.  I'd go back for drinks for sure, wouldn't go out of my way to return for the food, but if you happen to be there - the food is good.~butternut tomato pizza butternut pizza 
cozy place right off of Yonge street. Not enough staff but sufficed for when I was there. Great steak and their Long Islands were probably one of the best I've ever had. I'll be going back again for sure~steak 
Let's be clear: this place is horrible.  I'll cut to the chase, because its unforgivable. We ordered a couple apps and a couple cocktails. As I was eating a sweet potato won-ton, I bit into a large chunk of dirty plastic that had obviously come from piece of machinery used to prepare these over-fried pieces of tasteless, greasy cardboard (on a side note, it was served with some sort of "spicy Thai" sauce, which is really a scoop from some giant vat of mass produced combination of soy sauce, fake ginger, and MSG).   When I told the server with a shocked face, he seemed so indifferent and complacent that it was almost some sort of a normal occurrence to him. "Oh, okay," as he took the plate away without any question. I asked for the bill immediately, and when he returned with it later, he told me he had removed the offending item so that we wouldn't be charged.  Listen... I just chomped down on a piece of machinery and it hurt. Don't think you're being some generous prince by knocking the thing off the bill. I gave him less money than the total -- basically enough to cover the drinks -- and told him that's all he was getting. Again, no reaction.  Here's where I tell you that the menu sucks; the crab cakes taste like they came from MM Meatshop; the stale olives in the martini tasted like aluminium. The only saving grace was the readily available boxes of Trivial Pursuit cards, which quickly lost their novelty.  This is what concerns me most: we came here because people on Yelp said it was decent. Trust us, and just walk a few doors down to Volo instead. They're pricks, but at least they have great beer.~sweet potato 
Not to be confused with Four Loko,  Local 4 is a cozy little resto pub that is an adorable little refuge away from the sketch and stank of the Yonge street strip, and funny enough right next to Kawaii Spa, wink-wink ;) Incidentaly according to their website Local 4 does happen to serve absinthe martinis, alcoholic debauchery notwithstanding I am here for a simple evening of dining with some lovely Yelp ladies.  I arrive late to meet with lovely ladies Chris P and Elaine K as they are conveniently seated at the very first table which is seperated from the entrance by a large glass pane. The  atmosphere is intimate and laid back as they had a little fireplace going completely decked out in tinsel and Christmas regalia.    The menu is a concise offering of delectable comfort foods.  I order the Butternut squash cakes to share which is 3 pieces, Panko Breaded with Corn and Red Peppers, served with sour Cream spiked with scotch bonnet peppers. The cakes are delightfully crisp and savoury and nicely complimented by the tangy vinagrette marinated cucumber strings.  The ladies order their respective meals and I order the Green salad with poppy seed dressing topped with grilled chicken and I have to declare it is the best salad I have had in a long time as the warm chicken along with the fresh greens and flavourful poppy seed dressing is a medley of deliciousness happening in my mouth.  The meal was actually pretty reasonably priced as the total for 1app a big salad and two entrees came to about $56!  Kudos and thanks to the lovely Chris P for choosing such a great cozy spot for a lazy rainy Monday dinner get-together. I highly recommend Local 4 for that perfect little place to escape for a pint, some good food and good conversation.~butternut corn sour cream cucumber salad chicken salad chicken greens salad 
I came in here to use my groupon as well and one big thing after ordering quesadillas and falafel (which should normally are not items that take long to prep) was the time the food took to actually come to our table, and we were one of 2 tables that were occupied. For having to be somewhere after dinner, the chunk of time the overall experience of dining here took really took away from the fact that the food was really good.   However slow speed is not the only reason local 4 receives 3 stars, the overall atmosphere in here is not really my thing, with plain tables and chairs and nothing spectacular done. It's a simple bar, friendly staff and I know if I lived around the area, local 4 would be my go to place for drinks and good food. But since I don't, while the beer selection is OK and the food is great, I doubt I will come here often. It is definitely worth repeat visits though. The menu is a little on the pricey side as well, but at least the food is good.  The falafel was possibly the best I've had and the chicken quesadilla is also great. You add free board games in to the mix and this is a place that everyone definitely needs to visit for a not too fancy exprience.   But lower prices and faster service is a definite must for a better experience.~chicken 
Another restaurant that doesn't know what it is. You can be a quaint, low key, comfort food joint, but that means low prices and leave words like "Frites" for the pro's. You serve fries.   18 dollar meals in a greasy spoon diner, with low lighting.   Groupon saved me $$$ but i wouldn't come back.~fries. 
Local 4 is a delightful little pub just off the beaten path.  They serve top-notch pub fare alongside some quality beers (but needs to be more seasonal, lagers and pale ales just don't satisfy in the dead of winter and they were out of the oatmeal stout. nb: Guinness in a can doesn't count as stout, or a beer for that matter) and just happened to fit my craving for comfort food on a really cold night perfectly.  I had a wonderful meal starting with their delicious butternut squash crab cakes, which were served with a scotch bonnet aioli that had no scotch bonnet in it.  While it was a puzzling omission, it was a lovely starter. For my supremely comfortable entree, I had the beef bourguignon, which was a hearty stew of button mushrooms, thick-cut carrots, cippolini onions and tender chunks of beef with what the chef likes to call "pear mashed potatoes".  This blew me away when it was served, and I thought it was unique, clever and bloody delicious. They take a heaping mound of mashed and shape it like a giant pear, and then quickly deep fry it, and top it with a whole clove as the stem. I had to smile and marvel at its elegant construction before I hungrily devoured my plate. I splurged on some sticky toffee pudding for dessert as the meal was so perfectly hitting all of my gastrogenous zones, and it did not disappoint. It was a large piece and while they were a bit light on the caramel sauce, my waistline didn't need any more abuse on this particular occasion. Everything was perfect, and it was just what I needed on a windy and oh-so-cold night.   The atmosphere and decor are wonderful, it feels really comfortable and homey in there. Also, the music deserves some kudos, they were playing some bad-ass underground hip hop when we got there which transitioned to the entire Led Zeppelin's Early Days album.  Service was fantastic, however, we were one of 2 tables when we arrived, so I would expect fairly undivided attention.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable and ensured that I will certainly consider Local 4 again in the future.  The prices are reasonable given the high quality of the food, and if my only complaint is a lack of beer menu, that's a forgivable sin and a common gripe of mine.  Check out the Local 4 next time you need a great pub and plant some pears for your heirs!~butternut beef mushrooms, beef pear potatoes" pear, caramel 
Like most places I go to, I've only ever had drinks here. The place is a nice little spot on a side road near Wellesley. The tiny patio is great in the summer. If you go, you have to order the Absintini! All of the food on the menu seemed like it was very well-priced. $15 average for a main dish. Good low-key hang out place and great date spot.~date 
I went to Local 4 last night with my boyfriend and could not have been more disappointed. First of all, it was August and it had rained, so we opted to sit inside. The a/c wasn't turned on, so it was hot and muggy despite the ceiling fans. They proceeded to turn on the a/c which couldn't possibly have been working because we were still sweating.   We ordered the sweet potato fries ($8) and the artichoke dip ($9) as appetizers. First of all, for the price of the appetizers, we were expecting A LOT more than a small plate of fries and a ramekin of dip. The "crostini" that came with the dip was inedible...literally. They were burnt and rock hard that they were impossible to bite into. I asked for some pita bread instead which was softer, but had been "grilled" which gave it a burnt taste - likely the result of a grill that is not cleaned very often. The sweet potato fries were slightly undercooked and were served with a watery chipotle mayo (great flavour, but thin consistency.)  For entrees I ordered the falafel which is touted on the menu as being the "best in the city" and for $13, I had pretty high expectations. Let me just say that for $5.99 I could've had TWO falafels, double the size, just down the street. and i'm sure they would've been much better tasting.   My boyfriend had the pulled pork sandwich with fries. I liked the fries, but he said the sandwich was only okay.  Overall, the food barely deserves even one star. It's over-priced and borderline inedible. The atmosphere is lacking...not much to it, but not in a new-age minimalist way. I would describe it as drab. I WILL say that the service was friendly and I also have to mention that I did like the plates they use (straight out of the '70's).~sweet potato 
Your friendly neighborhood pub!  Pubs with boardgames are awesome.  This place is super laid back and the wait staff are quite friendly.  The decor is casual and they have a nice selection of beers.  I like lighter fruitier beers, so options such as pear cider and apricot wheat beer are great.  For an average looking pub, I was surprised by their menu.  Butternut squash cakes, sweet potato wontons... not your usual pub fare.  I wanted to order the pulled pork sandwich with potato salad, but the special sounded too delicious.  It was a jerk chicken sandwich with avocado salsa with an arugula salad with strawberries, almonds, and poppy seed dressing.    The chicken was tasty... not sure if it was really jerk chicken...but I'm from Scarborough, so I'm a bit picky when it comes to jerk chicken.  (Brup brup). The salsa had large fresh chunks of avocado.  The flourless chocolate cake had a wonderful smooth texture.  It wasn't too heavy and moist.  The slice was a bit smaller than I expected, but it was still quite good.  I would come back here for a casual meal and a pint.~pear apricot wheat butternut sweet potato 
Hi there. I'm writing to complain about a situation today on the patio. I was the first to be seated close to 3pm and ordered a delicious braised lamb shank. As my plate arrived, another patron on the patio lit up a cigar. When I mentioned his smoking, he simply moved to another table. Nothing was said or done by the staff in order to alleviate my concerns. My otherwise lovely meal was spoiled by cigar smoke. I nearly threw up from it. To compound things, his friend arrived and both of them were smoking cigars. I know it's not a fully covered patio, but there is something called common sense, that when you're serving food, diners shouldn't have to worry about retching from heavy smoke.~lamb 
My partner and I were in the area, and we're not huge fans of the snarky service at Volo, but wanted to sit at a patio, so we ventured down Dundonald a bit to Local 4.   I had a mcauslan apricot ale, which is always delicious on tap and my partner had mill st. lemon tea ale, which we had never tried before and was really refreshing.   the food took awhile, although we were not too concerned as it was a beautiful afternoon. however, when it arrived the server explained that our meals had taken longer because the batter on my chicken fingers hadn't turned out quite the way the cook had wanted and she re-made them. it was definitely worth the wait! i've never had chicken fingers with such a crunchy, melt-in-your-mouth batter. my partner had the pulled pork, which he claimed was the best he's ever tasted (apart from his own, of course).   the atmosphere is very relaxing and the service is friendly! check it out!~apricot lemon tea chicken fingers chicken fingers pork, 
I think the place is a 2, but it gets bonus points for cozyness and a great place to hold a private party and/or have drinks. (re: Elite party was great!)  As a restaurants, I wouldn't recommend it.  We used a $40 Groupon today, but still had to pay $30 (for 2 people) in addition!   The food is quite expensive ($14-18) a plate, but mainly comfort food, nothing spectacular.  We got the butternut squash crab cakes ($9), it has 3 and comes with a house made mayo. It was very good, mostly due to the panko crust.  For the main, I got the 4 cheese mac and cheese and was disappointed.  the 4 cheese included - shaved parm on top, some dried melted cheese on top, and a creamy cheesy sauce.  I wasn't impressed. ($14) It was also a penne, and I hate the generic penne.  My friends got the chicken pot pie, and the meatloaf sandwich.   They have a great beer and drink selection.  As for ciders, they only Strongbow.   They do have boardgames, but they were not well maintained, peices missing, crusty.   The service was good, and they did come by frequently. I was disappointed when I asked about the different things on the menu he couldn't give much description. But they were very attentive.  Overall - drinks, and apps. Not much more.~butternut cheese mac and cheese 
Mmmm--me likey!    I found this on Yelp and was glad to find a BBQ place so close to my daughter's apartment I'm visiting.  I was the designated child care for my new step-granddaughter this afternoon so I said, "Hey, let's go out to lunch!"  We headed for Andrew's 2nd location on Southern near Dobson.  First impression--specious, clean, bright, cheerful.    The Kids Meal seemed a little high at $5 till I saw what she got--about ten little mini corn dogs (she only ate two, though she liked them, just eats like a bird), huge pile of excellent fries, and drink of choice (chocolate milk). The mini corn dogs were fixed really well, deep fried like little fritters, crunchy and crisp.  I got a BBQ pulled pork sandwich on a hamburger bun with one side (cole slaw) also for $5.  The pork was tender and non-greasy, had wonderful mild flavor, and the BBQ sauce, which you pump as much as you want out of a big jug, had great flavor.  There was a spicier version available if you preferred. Cole slaw was very good--I forgot to ask if it was homemade by them but it tasted like it could be.  The girl behind the counter was very cheerful and didn't rush me in choosing.  She said she usually works at the Guadalupe location but I'm glad she was here today.    As we sat and ate a leisurely  lunch I looked around and started noticing all the rock and roll posters and even album covers that seemed to be from the 70's and 80's, maybe a couple of 60's.   That added kind of a unique touch to the place.  If I lived in this area, I would definitely be frequenting this place!~corn fries, milk) corn pork sandwich pork 
I went here today for lunch, with my 3 kids.  The kids meal prices were steep I thought at 5 bucks, but like the yelper below me stated, you get plenty of food, and I actually only bought two kids meals for my 3 kids, and they didn't even finish them, they were so full.  The kids thought it was great, I got the bbq slider and chicken strips for the kiddos.  I didn't go for bbq, I was going to, but then I noticed that they had a bacon wrapped deep fried dog with coleslaw on the menu.  I love coleslaw, and have never tried a dog made like that, so I had to give it a try.  The bread was nothing to hooo hawww about, but dog was fantastic, and the coleslaw is great!  What a good combo!  I will go back to order there family meal, which sounds like a great deal!  It would be better if they had more sides, but on the other hand, when a place only has a few things to choose from, those few things are usually great!  I also noticed on the menu were fried pickles, not my cup of tea, but I know they are popular in the midwest, and they also had deep fried cheese curds!  I thought the decor was great, very relaxing, yes it was a little bit "head shopish" but, it's not over bearing, and I thought it was unique.  I don't go to eat somewhere for the decor anyway, I go for the good food!~chicken bacon fried pickles 
OMG! A new BBQ place in my hood!  hoot!    Ok, so I was driving around running errands today, and wanted to do something different.  As I was driving down Southern, I saw that this place just opened this week!  I guess they have one other location in Tempe, and this is their new place.    Anyways, aside from being family owned, its actually pretty good food.  I got the BBQ brisket sandwich on a bun and it was really really good.  I will probably return in the future for more.   BUT, theres a few things that I noticed while I was here.  Please see below:  Ok, first the menu is mediocure. I mean, theres the usual to choose from...BBQ brisket, chicken and pork.  Prices are fair and they state that they have lunch specials every day including Saturday and Sunday.  But, the sides sucked! I ended up not getting anything on the side.   All they had was redskin potato salad and NO mased potatos.  Also, they had 2 kinds of beans and coleslaw...and that was it.  I was kinda dissapointed.  No mashed potatos?  No corn?  ugh!  none!    Ok, and I admit, Im not Martha Stewart (I know you thought I was, but I'm clearing the air on this once and for all that I'm not) but the place looks like it was decorated by a pothead!  Full fledged pothead! Its like cheba hut meets BBQ in this joint!  (no pun intended!)  WTF gives?  I've never been to a BBQ place and seen a life sized Ozzy Ozborne poster hanging on the wall! Its beyond strange!  OMG!  I just couldn't get past the really odd decor! I mean, it was so weird that I actually deducted a star because it was so out of sorts.  Even though the food here was great, and I will be returning, it was oddly decorated.~sandwich chicken pork. potato salad 
I recently underwent a BBQ metamorphosis. I hated it for as long as I can remember, mainly because I don't like to eat things that make my hands dirty. (As if you don't have your own hang-ups. Sheesh.) Then I discovered ribs.  I recently visited Andrews on my tour of local BBQ eateries. The food is ok but not outstanding, but I'm not impressed with the value.  A full rack of ribs is $20, which is only a dollar less than at Famous Dave's and comes with only one side and a stale white bread dinner roll. The flavor of the meat was good though it was too charred for my liking, as if they hadn't been selling enough to keep them from overcooking (no surprise). But if I'm going to pay Famous Dave's prices, I want a plate and no styrofoam.  The sides weren't memorable, but the building certainly was. It looks like an Arby's that two pre-teens repainted with a couple of cans of barn red, black, and teal paint. Someone obviously put no effort into trying to make this location clean, comfortable, or appealing, so I get why it was empty at 7pm on a Friday night. If Andrew wants to survive in this not-so-great location, he's going to have to up his game.~white 
Had fish and chips for the first time here. Food was delicious but it didn't WOW me like everyone said it would. Good experience though :)~chips 
I'm no fish and chip expert but I had the halibut and it was good! The fries were excellent. Not a huge difference in taste between the $8 haddock and the $12 halibut but to each his own. I didn't like the mushy peas but I've never had mushy peas before so maybe I just don't like mushy peas. Friendly staff but I've got to say, the only thing Scottish in the Tartan is the bagpipes on the wall.~fries peas peas peas. 
Love this place, had been going for a few years when I was living there.  Every time I'm in Oakville will pay this place a visit. The owners are very friendly too.  The Halibut and Chips are the best! The fish is usually fried (yummy!!) in tempura batter and is very fresh.   I've tried all the other chippies (UK slang: Fish & Chip Shop's). This is the best Oakville has!~chips 
Totally unexpected, the fish and chips was fried well and moist.  The decor was a bit dated and fact it was run by Chinese people threw me off a bit but the food totally made up for it~chips 
I stumbled upon this place while I was in Oakville. Upon entering the decor is quite dated but that doesn't speak for the quality of the food.  I ordered the Halibut and Chips and I was very satisfied with the taste and quantity of the meal; probably safe to say it has been the best fish and chips I've had to date. They do have other offerings such as scallops, shrimps, and homemade Chicken fingers (which I plan to try next). Service is also quite good; pretty much at par with other fish and chips places I've been to. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great fish place to eat at in Oakville.  I paid $15.05 for my meal, but there is a sign saying prices will be going up.~chips chips date. shrimps, chicken fingers ( chips 
The staff were super-friendly (and accommodating as I kept changing my order as I saw more and more items on the menu that I wanted). They have the standard fish and chips (haddock, halibut, etc.), and then some other items, such as spring rolls (vegetarian). The fish and chips were generous portions, but I just wish it wasn't so oily and greasy. I have a compromised sense of smell/taste, so it might not be this way for everyone, but it felt like there was a film on the inside of my mouth when I was finished. Still, that's standard with fish and chips, so I wouldn't hold it against this restaurant.~chips ( chips chips, 
Delicious Scottish Fare. Excellent fish and chips, some of the best I've ever had. Like another reviewer, I didn't taste or see much difference between the Haddock (about $8.00) and the Halibut (about $12.00) - I'll get the Haddock from now on because it's much cheaper, and it's pretty much the same portion. You receive 2 packets of tarter sauce, and can purchase more for $.5 each, and if you love tarter sauce like me, you'll need it.   The chips are delicious, and it's all a generous portion. It only took about 10 minutes for them to get our order to us, which was to go. You can sit in, and the space is warm and comfortable, and they make it very evident that this is supposed to be a Scottish establishment.   I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for excellent Scottish fare. They even sell fish fingers! Now all they need is the custard to go with them.~chips, chips 
Purchased this package as a part of a bachelorette party. I'd say the best thing about this package is the convenience of having activities planned and scheduled for a large group as everyone can purchase their package online and pay on their own. It's much easier than having to book each individual activity on your own.   We started off our day with the Pole Dancing Class, followed by Thunder Down Under, then went clubbing at Light afterwards.   Pole Dancing Class - We had a lot of fun with this class. The location is at a Pole Fitness Studio so the room was nice. However, we were unaware that the class was very very booked and each girl had to share a pole with 1 other person. In the end, the instructor was a good sport and taught the class in a way that allowed each person to practice moves 2 times. It may not have been communicated that the class was shared, but in the end we had fun and I liked my gift bag. The T-shirt and panties were very very comfy and I event wore them the next day.   Thunder Down Under - At $30 a ticket, this was a pretty good deal. For the TDU tickets, we picked them up after the Pole Dance class at Excalibur. I thought we got a really good deal for the tickets since we were front and center, so our bachelorette got a lot of attention. Seats at the show are very very cramped, but this doesn't factor into my rating since it's something Night School 4 Girls can't control. Just a tip to be aware of :)   Nightclub Passes - While picking up the tickets for TDU we tried to get the nightclub passes at the same time but we told to come back right before the TDU show to get them. So before the show we went and got our passes which were in enveloped. We got a  - wristband for Marquee & Tao  - A VIP pass for The Bank  - A VIP pass for 1OAK - A VIP pass for Chateau at Paris  - A VIP pass for Light at Mandalay Bay - A VIP pass for LAX at Luxor  - a few other things like show passes and and vouchers for drinks at other places  We opted to go to Light since it's close to Excalibur. When we got to Light around 10:30. We showed our passes to one of the people who was managing the line and that person told us to wait in the regular GA line since they didn't recognize the pass.   I took the pass to show it to a promoter who was helping people in. He didn't recognize it either, and neither did anyone at the front entrance of the club. One of the staff told me they didn't recognize the pass and that it wasn't valid at all. At this point everyone in our group was feeling dismayed since it was a bachelorette party and we were surprised to find out that the "VIP" on the card didn't really mean anything.   We stood in line for awhile and I decided to text the promoter listed on the sheet of paper that was included in our envelope and listed as the contact for Light. There was no response, so I figured that the passes were basically useless and we would just have to get in on our own. We eventually found a promoter who pushed us to the front of the line and got us in. We then tried using the passes for the 2 free drinks they were listed for but no one in the club recognized them.   Seeing as we were invoiced for $33 each for all of the passes on our bill we really questioned the validity of the passes. In the end, I would just opt out of this line item and save yourself the stress and find a good promoter.~sport 
There were SO many people shoved into the room that we barely had any room to move around.  We also had to go in 3 groups for using the pole, so we only learned 3 or 4 pole moves.  The gift bags were fun, but the shirts were one size fits all and we had girls in our group from small to XL, so not everyone ended up with a shirt that fit.  Also, the boas seemed like they bought a regular length boa and cut it in half, I've never seen such a short boa before.  There were some funny moments throughout the class and the instructor was nice and also entertaining, but I didn't learn much and my friends and I were left somewhat dissatisfied.  I bought some night club passes and specified the date as a Sunday because we could only go Sunday or Monday.  When we got the night club passes, they did not match what they say we would get on the website. There were only 2 options for Sunday.   I called one of the clubs that NS4Gs website said we would get a free drink from and the club said no, we would not get a free drink and if we wanted to use the passes (to get in), we should show up no later than 10:30.  Also, there were no monday options.   I emailed them about it and they responded once, when I replied back, they never replied back to me.  So, basically the night club passes were a complete waste of money for us because we didn't get to use them at all and their website is kind of misleading because they don't list any day/time restrictions (I didn't see any at least).  I guess I should have called ahead and confirmed that what the website says is correct and that there were options for the days that we wanted to use them.  Only real positive was that we got front row seating for the Thunder show - which was hilarious and a lot of fun.    I personally would not do this again.~date 
As far as an Urban park goes, I will give this place 4 stars. They have a splash pad for kids, and there are lots of benches to sit on. If you live in CityPlace, this is a great place to relax in the spring, summer, and fall. Bring your favourite beverage, sit down and listen to your apple or android device. Great place to people and dog watch!~apple 
This is the most ridiculous outfit of 'workers' I've ever encountered. They're on my roof as I type and though debris from the roof is now falling onto my carpet and furniture I'm informed that they CAN'T stop. I've actually called the police after begging them to stop until we can find a solution to the problem I left an emergency message for the roofing company owner, Craig Hollingsworth who arrived at my home within 15 minutes claiming that this amount of residue INSIDE the home is normal and will vacuum right up. Off of a white sofa? Off of beige carpet?  I'm NOT the only one who has complaints about this company here in this community regarding the shabby work being done and damages accompanying it. I recommend that you use ANY other company for roofing than this one. Again, it's Hollingsworth Roofers - (704) 567-2107. Next stop, the Better Business Bureau.~white 
Solid 3.5.   Guy behind Invoice counter actually knew of what we spoke of today. Smack my buns with butter and call it a day.   Then get this: This dude even knew where to pick the item up from the Yard. I believe he's Adam. He didn't give himself enough credit to know what we were looking for has escaped at least 10 ten on six occasions and no one in the yard ever knows where they are.   The drawback of all Menards: each floor plan is distinctively different and the variables of fun will be inevitable (this is a farce people please hear my sarcasm). I would think retail knows (or at least WalMart gets it and I hate that place) all floor plans should mimic each other to the point of sad blatant replication, duplication that Stepford Wives will never hold a candle to the floorplan. Not because I'm a slow American too lazy to read. Not because their staff doesn't know what I'm looking for. These things can happen at any retail location once folks are conditioned. BUT BECAUSE TIME IS MONEY AND YOU DELIVER GOODS TO COMPANIES THAT HAVE TO JUGGLE TIME, MONEY AND CUSTOMER DEMANDS TO BUILD THE PERFECT PLACE.   This location is a solid 3.75.  Service at the Invoice Counter: Impressive because others missed the mark but it is what it should be so 4.  Ease of shopping: 3 Check out Speed: 3.8 Yard Pick Up: 2 Providing additional products to help packaging of yard pick and offering recycling: 5 baybee Consistent Deals: 5 I'm a doofus that just figured out the 11% back is worthwhile.~butter 
This place is a dive. Which is great if you're in the mood for a dive.  The staff is very friendly, but they're slow. The food is pretty gross, to be honest. Do not go there to eat. If you do, stick to something simple like fries.  Do NOT drink Draught beer there. It's usually flat and not tasty at all. Stick to bottles.  The TVs there suck, don't bother going to watch sports.  The only thing good about this place is the patio. It's right in the annex, has a decent size, and is close to parking and subway.~fries. 
Lovely restaurant--great food and wonderful service.  We brought our two kids aged 5 and 7, and I wouldn't recommend that if your kids are picky eaters.  Ours are, and total meltdown was only averted by the wonderful attentions of the handsome waiter who brought my 5 year old daughter unadorned cheese curds.  The children were graciously welcomed and treated extremely well, but unless yours are adventurous eaters, you'll need to feed them elsewhere.~cheese 
They had these amazing appetizers, very unique, there was one in particular that stood out -- it had a hint of licorice. ...  I think it was cheese mixed with something else and licorice. I have no idea, but it was so good.  I attended a private event here, and they served random appetizers. They weren't normal ones either, they were creative with their ingredients. I haven't eaten their main courses, I wonder if they'd be any good...  The atmosphere was okay, the music wasn't memorably hip shaking...~appetizers, cheese appetizers. 
Décidemment, le Vieux-Montréal n'est plus ce qu'il était, et c'est tant mieux. A des mille des anciennes trappes a touriste, on sent un renouveau en restauration qui respecte les clients et ou l'on rejette les cartes hors de prix de qualité douteuse.  Grange Vin et Bouffe, fait partie de ces établissements. J'ai eut le plaisir de goûter leur tartare ainsi que le Mac&Cheese et c'était très bien. La belle carte de vin avec un beau choix aux verres (quoique restreint) rehausse définitivement l'expérience. Finalement les desserts sont de véritables douceurs pour le palais (le pot de crême au caramel salé.... mmm...) Le service est discret mais efficace.~caramel 
Honestly with the wide variety of restaurant that Montreal has to offer, your hard earned cash will be better spent elsewhere. I had a risotto that had the same texture as rice, and a mac and cheese that was lacking some richness. Yes the place is cool and the concept is trendy...but the quality and innovation of the food is just not there. Sorry not sorry.~mac and cheese 
A great place for drinks and creative food after work!  Atmosphere: A very urban take on western, barn-like chic. Comfortable without being too trendy. Bathrooms (located up stairs) were gorgeous (I'm picky like that)...unisex, individual stalls/rooms with a shared marble sink.  Food: We initially went just to have drinks after work, but after checking out the menu of tapas, cheese, oysters, etc...we had to try a couple things. So we ordered 3 tapas dishes to share...smoked salmon chopped and mixed with pecans, mini bison burgers, and ceviche. All were to die for but the salmon in particular was amazing.  Service: It wasn't very busy when we first got there but got really crowded later.  The service didn't change...our waiter was attentive, super helpful (provided recommendations when asked, translated when I needed it, suggested wine to go with out order, etc). Really friendly...and when I wandered trying to find the bathroom (there were no signs), one of the chefs saw me (they make everything out in the open in the mid-back of the restaurant) and pointed out were to go...really nice guy!  Would definitely head back here!~cheese, smoked salmon 
A very unique place, here's the run down on its Atmosphere, Service, & Food  Atmosphere: Grange is a very unique tapas dig - even by montreal standards.  Located in the uber-chic Old Port area, Garange is part French (france) local store / market and part Quebec mess hall.  the Cluttered decor is surprisingly seamless and very comfortable.  Service:  Very professional.  The staff knows that they operate in an expensive area - and thus go the extra mile to be that little bit more professional than the average place.  This however does not interfere with their seemingly genuine helpfulness.  Food: Tapas is the name of the game. For brunch the offers cheeses, meats, as well as freshly cooked breads and home made jams make the meal diverse, and for dinner Kraft Cheese al la Garange is an interesting order.  Chic, stylish, very "Sex in the City"~cheese 
Il y a un moment que j'y suis allée, mais pour moi c'est un endroit parfait pour un 5 à 7. Pourquoi?   Premièrement pour l'ambiance et le style de l'endroit. C'est un endroit sans prétention avec un décor robuste.   Deuxièmement, pour le type de nourriture au menu. Évidemment, il est possible de manger des plats principaux, mais le plus agréables est de se partager des planchettes d'entrées ou de finger food.  Puis, les vins sont biens.  Bémol? On ne va pas là pour le service... Plaisant, mais un peu bête.... Mais entre amis avec un verre et un bon grilled cheese à la main, on passe par dessus.   En général, j'avais bien aimé.~cheese 
Came here late with a group of 6 - atmosphere was certainly unique - sleek but rugged, and the servers dressed in black and white plaid.  I like the way that Emma B describes it ("urban take on barn-like chic").  We were given the late-night menu, which of course was in French.  I've found most places in Montreal have English menus if you ask for them, so I asked if they had English menus.  Our server was not super pleasant - he gave us a rather gruff "no" and then walked away.  When he came back 10 minutes later to take our order, he offered to translate the menu for us, but it would've been nicer if he'd done that in the first place.  One of my friends spoke a fair amount of French and tried to order in French, and the waiter refused to answer him in French - it was kind of awkward.    Food was pretty good - we got the olive and nut app, I got the Bison burger which was small but tasty, my friend got Green Bean Poutine and his cheesecurds were out of control good.  The Tuna Tartar tasted like smoked salmon - straight delicious.  Portions were small, but in general people were happy with the food they ordered.  So yah - food was pretty decent, but with a very hot-and-cold waiter I could take or leave this place.  Also, there was a spider in my wine glass, so I'd check your glassware closely before letting them pour!~white olive burger tuna smoked salmon 
We ran across this place, located outside the craziness of Old Montreal. The waiter translated the entire menu for us, complete with commentary on what each dish is comprised of. The wine list is great. And most of our dishes tasted amazing. We really liked the beet carpacchio (who knew?) and ceviche salad. The bbq duck was okay, not great. But overall, great service, nice atmosphere (trying towards Western/"barn-like"), relaxed, and small, tapas-like plates. One of our best dining experiences in Montreal.~beet salad. 
Belle ambiance de 'chalet' dans ce petit resto de la rue MCGill.  Bien situé a la limite du quartier des affaires et du Vieux-Port, Grange devient un endroit facile a adopter si vous voulez passer une soirée sur les quais après le travail. Le menu est simple et concis, (tartares, salades copieuses, burgers) mais contient des choix variés pour tous les palais. Les prix sont moyens-chers (25$ une assiette). Ils ont une bonne sélection de vins également.  Le service est plus qu'amical, quoi qu'un peu lent. Nous avons bien aimé notre expérience et serons probablement de retour !~burgers) 
We had a reservation at 7pm. When we arrived, our table was not available - the group before us "took longer than expected" - so we had to wait at the bar. We got our table around 7:30pm, but it took another 30 minutes for the waiter to take our order. The quality of the food was ok: the do-ré-mi appetizer was very good, but the salmon tartar was very salty. The ribs were good (could have more vegetables on the side), but there was way too much salt and clove in the meat pie. You don't need that much salt when the flavours are good to begin with.  But the worst part was that at 10pm (remember, they took our order at 8pm), slightly after we paid, the waiter asked if we thought of leaving soon because another group was waiting for our table ! Of course, he waited after we paid his 15% tip to ask us to leave. We were finished and would probably had left 5 minutes later, but it's the first time anyone at the table has every been asked to clear the table at a restaurant.  A near-400$ bill for a table of four, took an hour before our order was taken, salty food, and being asked to leave the table 15 minutes after dessert is served... There are too many good restaurants in the area (graziella, local, l'appart, helena, ...) to go back to this grange !  To the owner: booking three services on the same table for a night without enough staff to allow for a quick service, no hostess and no manager on a saturday night might be you're idea of a profitable restaurant, but count me out.  Visited October 2012~salmon pie. 
What I like about walking around a new place is finding places to eat. The prices is are high, but the server was really attentive, always coming by to make sure that we were taken care of. There's a large area in the back, ideal for a big group. Had the crab chowder, it was thick and good, the mac and cheese was alright. It wasn't crowded, because the weather sucked and people tend to stay in indoors. I forgot what I got which had some crumbled popcorn which was good.~mac and cheese 
I & my sis had a meal of a glass of wine each and a good variety of appetizers. In a word Yum! The food was impeccable - delicious. On the pricey side, nothing I'd do often but a great outing, especially for an earlier evening. It fills up and the service diminishes as the clock ticks away. Luckily, we had an early meal.  Just a note: everyone uses the word tapas to describe small plates (usually savory) eatz - to me tapas connotes Spanish or at least Latin in flavor.~appetizers. 
Acquolina Ristorante confused me.  I enjoyed my experience, but for the life of me I couldn't figure out if my food was supposed to be a high-end or a low-end meal.  A down-to-earth, friendly server invited us into the restaurant while we were loitering at the door, looking at the menu.  "C'mon in and give us a try," she said, "We make all our food fresh to order and have something for everyone."  It was a hard invitation to resist, although we did note that the restaurant was mostly empty at 7:30 on a Saturday night.  So maybe not for everyone?  She quickly brought fresh bread, sun-dried italian olives and olive oil and balsamic vinegar for the table.  Nice opening.  We're starting to wonder why more people aren't populating this lovely place.  The menu is pretty standard with pizzas, pastas and mains.  The soup of the day is a cold gazpacho.  I brazenly ignore the fact that it's a spanish dish and order it, along with a pizza.  My husband orders a squash agnolatti with a tomato basil sauce.  I thought that was an odd combo (I'm more of a brown butter and sage person with squash-filled pasta myself), but it sounded good.  The gazpacho arrives quickly and it is delicious - bright and creamy tasting (maybe some olive oil inside?).    But the mains were strangely put together.  My pizza had a perfectly chewy thin crust, but the toppings looked and tasted bland (except for the very good olives).  It oddly had very little flavour and the cheese was cheap tasting and heavy.  It was like Pizza Pizza meets Pizza Libretto.  Weird.  The pasta dish had the same problem.  The sauce was delicious.  Very rich and flavourful - like you'd expect from a high-end restaurant.  But the pasta itself was overcooked and the filling had the density of the spackle we are using to patch the walls of our new house.  No flavour at all and leaden.  What's going on here?  My guess?  The chef has a split personality and only one of them can cook.  Vegetarian score: 7/10.  Choices typical of any italian restaurant.~olive pizza tomato brown butter pasta olive pizza cheese pizza pizza pizza pasta pasta 
Came here for the first time for Winterlicious.    I ordered their spinach salad, cannelloni, and cheesecake.  The food was delicious, but the presentation was unattractiveand the portions were on the small side.  I left still feeling hungry.  I wouldn't come back to this restaurant because I was completely turned off by the service.  Almost as soon as we were seated, the waiter bustled by and said "I'm going to take your order now because we're going to be very busy later".  This rush was confusing, as we were the first people seated at the restaurant that night and the rest of the tables were entirely empty.~spinach salad, 
terrible summerlicious menu - cheap bland food that they obviously pass off for the summerlicious menu for a cash grab - overly greasy fish with no flavor, potatoes baked with no salt or anything else on them, pasta with bland tomato sauce, packaged ice cream put on a plate (I say this because I saw them just take it out of plastic wrap and put it on the plate)  just spent $100 on the worst meal.~pasta tomato ice cream 
In a neighbourhood filled with good Italian restaurants, why would Acquolina, whose food I've always considered quite good, never gain popularity?  The same reason I've encountered  there in the past- the poor service.  Specifically the 69 year-old head waiter whose snarky arrogant attitude and indifference has no place in an overcrowded restaurant market, like Toronto's.  Although my wife & son both enjoyed their most recent meals, I made the mistake of ordering one of the specials of the night: Lobster & scallop pasta.  For a mere $27, I received a meager overcooked lobster tail and a single(!) scallop over an otherwise tasty pasty with cherry tomato & fresh basil.    I would have shared my dissapointment with my pompous waiter, but once the plates were on our table, we were completely ignored by him, two foodrunners and the manager/owner (sho has always been hlpful & friendly in the past).  In the end, I asked for my cheque...twice.  The tip I left reflected my feelings, but being in the industry myself, I declined leaving nothing at all, despite my urges.  In the future, my money will be spent at restaurants like Ferro and Marcello's, who've figured it out, great food + great service = great experience.  In summary, Acquolina: Good food + Lousy service = we will not be returning~pasta. cherry tomato & 
Visited Acquolina last night for Summerlicious and was very happy with the meal and service.   Acquolina's menus offers a great variety of Italian fare - so much variety that there is definitely something to please everyone.   Carpaccio and mussels appetizers were quickly brought to our table and very fresh. For our main we enjoyed Agnolotti with spinach and ricotta in a cream sauce along with Penne Salsiccia with sausage and a tomato wine sauce. The serving sizes were more than enough to fill us up. Great Italian wine selection (Chianti!) and tasty desserts topped off our meal. The service was friendly, unrushed and attentive.   The restaurant has just had a complete reservation - neat, clean lines with an elegant interior design.   Overall a great value for the dollar; tasty food, nice sized servings and good service.~appetizers spinach sausage tomato 
I'd heard good things but found our first meal here a little disappointing.  The arugula salad was nice, but the mussels were just on this side of salable and served in a tomato sauce that was a little overwhelming.  The pasta was better, but the lamb shank was disappointing with nowhere near the flavor you'd expect. The wines-by-the-glass selection was excellent, as was the attentive service - with a little more work on the food, this could be exceptional, but not there yet.  We will go again to give it another try, but there are better places on the St Clair strip.~arugula salad tomato pasta lamb 
We ate here a few weeks ago and it was overall pleasant. There were only two other people dining when we arrived. We were fearful that this was a reflection on the food but this was not the case.   The gazpacho was absolutely delicious! I'm usually skeptical of cold soups but this was a hit!   Linguine Trifolate was cooked in a garlic, white wine with mushroom and chicken. I refused to share any of my pasta due to how amazing it was. The only complaint I had was with the chicken. It was a bit dry.   The fish of the day was a sea bass. It wasn't the greatest sea bass I've had but the person who ordered it didn't seem to mind.   I'm not sure if I'd visit again only because I love to try new resturants. However, if I did I'm sure I'd be ordering the same thing.~garlic, white mushroom chicken. pasta chicken. 
My friend and I tried this restaurant out during Winterlicious and we enjoyed it well enough. My recommendation is if you're in the area and in the mood for Italian, yes, give it a try. I can't say I'd visit again given the endless restaurants in the city I still long to visit but I'm still happy I gave it a try.  My friend chose the carpaccio to start, then trout, and tiramisu for dessert. I opted for the mussels, pizza, and chocolate mousse cake.  Likes: -Oil and vinegar brought with bread -Mussels were amazing! -Pizza was delicious; definitely give it a try! -Service was very pleasant; I especially appreciated the knowledge of the wine from the main lady working that evening  -Ambience is pleasant, but nothing fancy or exciting  Dislikes: Quality of bread - Boring, bland, old bun. I expected something with my texture and definitely fresher Carpaccio was flavourless - would never order this again Coffee was offered after our desserts were served (Personal pet peeve of mine; I like my coffee there when my dessert arrives. Who wants to stare at their dessert while they wait for their coffee to be served?)  FYI - The do not take debit.~pizza cake. coffee coffee coffee 
Loved Acquolina when it was on Mt. Pleasant Road before but now moved to St. Clair Avenue West. It has great unpretentious Italian Food. Lots of choice in the menu, great salads, pastas and entrees. YUM!!!   We are big eaters and the plates were almost too much...sadly though not too too much!   Try the Tiramisu!   I do hate what the City has done to St. Clair Avenue West street-scape but that is not Acquolina's fault. Check it out!~salads, 
After having such a miserable experience, I feel socially obligated to post this review no later than 30 minutes after eating at Ocarnivores so that others do not suffer the same fate as myself.  In no particular order, let's count some ways that make this place the worst attempt to copy Chipotle ever:  1.) They were out of pico de gallo; 2.) They were out of lettuce; 3.) The food server picked the salsa and sour cream bottles out of a container with melted ice and the water from the bottle dripped all in the burritos and rice bowl as the items were poured; 4.) The food server continually touched the tortilla to her filthy shirt as she made the burrito; 5.) The food tasted stale and the salsa was not good; 6.) The bowl was almost the same price as Chipotle yet it was half the size; 7.) There weren't any other customers and the servers stared at me while I ate; and 8.) They didn't have any type of sign for visibility.  A $9 "meal for two" Groupon brought me here.  The pictures were grossly misrepresented on Groupon.  Without a doubt, save your time and money and avoid this place like the plague.  Some businesses truly deserve to fail and this is one of them.~lettuce; salsa sour cream burritos burrito; salsa 
I am unsure if one star is low enough. We asked if they were ever referred to as the fake chipotle.  The girl was very smug and replied, the difference is we make all our own food.  Hmmm, ok, well let's give you a try.  We wanted a chicken burrito and a chicken salad.   The girl was slowly making quesadillas one at a time, and said our order would be a while. When our order arrived, the salad was tiny and all thrown together. The burrito was supposed to have guacamole, and had a tiny bit in one end. Beans were undercooked and tasteless.  Rice was bland and resembled minute rice from a box. Chicken had no identifiable flavor at all. We were not impressed with the food, atmosphere, ie wwf smack down really loud, or the food.  There were only a handful of people there, and the quality of the food is probably why.  We won't be going back.  A real chipotle is always close by.~chicken burrito 
I feel really bad writing this review - but I have to. Ok, here it goes. They have no liquor license, but their menu on the wall shows prices for beer, etc. They also do not currently serve 1/2 of the food menu on the wall but it's in bold, large letters. I don't know why they don't cover it if they're not serving it.   First of all, the first time we went they were out of guacamole, lettuce and cilantro. The staff was super friendly so I decided to give them another shot today.   Today they were out of straws and medium sauce. *sigh*The salsa was good but the beans were really hard and my tortilla was burnt. I had to pay $2 extra for guacamole and there wasn't hardly any in there.   The portion for the burrito was HUGE but the beans were hard so it wasn't super enjoyable.   I don't think I'll be going back and to be honest, there isn't much food traffic going in there. I don't see it being open for too long.~lettuce cilantro. salsa burrito 
This place is Ranchy.   My friends and I went here to celebrate my departure and we were told great things about this place.   When  we first walked it, it was quiet and full of people in there 30s. We didn't mind since we all are in our 20s. We found a few places to sit near a pool table since we wanted to play. We waited for a server to come but she looked too busy chatting with the older people beside us to even pay attention so we went to the bar ourselves and ordered. The gentleman bartender was a total ass. He gave us snoody looks and didn't treat us like his other customers. He gave us so much spazz and attitude because we ordered a whole bunch of drinks that he had to make.   Anyways, we went back to our sitting area and thought it would be good to play a game of pool. I went up to him and asked for the supplies needed. He gave it to me and said to return it on the hour. Whatever, we did that and we payed. We decided to play for another hour. When I went to ask for the white ball, he told me he couldn't give it to me because there were people waiting to use the table.   I noticed that there were 3 other empty tables but I figured the customers had prefered this table. I didn't mind. My friends and I waited for two hours sipping drinks and talking. NOO ONE SHOWED UP and the 3 other tables were still empty!  I went back to ask him if we could play and he told me no. That we had already used it for the night.  So I asked if we could relocate and use another table. He seemed to get angry by my asking so I dropped it and we left.   DURING THAT WHOLE TIME, THE FEMALE WAITER WAS STILL TALKING IT UP WITH THE OLDER PEOPLE BESIDE US. SHE DIDN'T PAY MIND TO ANYONE THAT WALKED INTO THE PLACE.  THIS PLACE SUCKS!~white 
super hidden bar/pool lounge in the middle of downtown and just right behind MEC.  there are tons of pool tables (haven't checked the prices) and a mini patio up front.  the bar at the back is ok. beer is priced at $6-8 a pint. food wise - not too much choice for vegetarians. and none for vegans. well unless you consider salad to be food. I think they had 1 or 2 salads on the menu.   GAdventures office is right next door so you might bump into employees of that company at the bar at any time of the day... and night=) ahahaha~salad salads 
I was only here for a short while at the tail end of my friend's surprise birthday.  They had booked a pool table and a small corner for a drop in birthday party.   When I was there, we had a dedicated server, who was super friendly and seemed to be really on top of things. I know they were busy with a large party of rowdy Second City alums, but seemed like she still was able to make it us every so often, even though our drinks sometime disappeared.   They have couches, and small tables. You can play board games, pool and we had brought our own cake and snacks and they seemed really cool with it.   It's steps from King and Adelaide, so take a walk of the strip here instead!~cake 
The Charlotte Room is a surprisingly big pool hall near King West. It's on a particularly unassuming road, and would be very easy to miss if you were in the area. They had a reasonable selection of beers when I was there, featuring a lot of stuff from local brewer Mill St. I thought their appetizers were good, but it's probably not a place to come for dinner. It's probably a good place for work events and the like, and I suspect a lot of their business comes from the near by offices. I can't think of too many places to play pool downtown, let alone places that aren't sketchy. So this is definitely a place for that.~appetizers 
So I'm like to my friend Claire; "You want a ride home?" Halfway down on Front Street at Spadina, suddenly she has a change of heart, RSVPs to a party, and after a painful impromptu massage, I found myself at BCBG Max Azria shopping for her outfit for her function.  I love it when things work out.   Apparently, Claire is a regular customer, which meant the Italian/Korean sales girl dedicated an exhaustive amount of time tending to the both of us.  I say the both of us because I was very much involved in the dress selection process...since I'm like amazing and have impossible taste.   This location is very well stocked; at the front of the floor are where all of the ugly casual outfits are which appear to be melting off of the rack.  When you dwell deeper into the store the whole atmosphere changes, and although these are not the prettiest dresses in the world, I felt comfortable with what I was surrounded by.   Long gowns, cocktail dresses, body napkins and mad fashion experiments.  I didn't think I saw a single outfit here costing over $500.  Although, In my opinion that's a steep price to pay for the mediocre stitching, and non-precious materials.  However, there was something any girl would be able to squeeze into, so I definitely saw how this store can be a life saver for a girl on the go.    Nicole--the sales girl--remained very patient while maintaining her pearly whites while Claire rifled through every potential dress in the store.  I sat on the lounge in the changing area, and felt like somehow I wasn't supposed to be here.  Each change room was curtained off, but this was still technically a female change area.  But hey, nobody said anything, so I enjoyed myself while approving and disapproving each dress Claire tried on.  I really appreciated how spacious the changing area was, and how sectioned off it felt from the sales floor.    After what must have been forty minutes, I finally grabbed a sequence dress off of the racks, shoved it into Claire's arms and watched as she fell in love with herself in it.  $440+ later (with an 8% discount) I was shaking Nicole's hands and we got the hell out of there and marched off to Yorkville for some much-needed sushi.   Claire was very impressed by my affinity with women's fashion, and I was very happy with how much she trusted in my advice.    I never expect for such attentive service from a non-couturier.~sushi. 
Sau teuer und sau gut. Ich hatte eine Eis Pizza, so groß wie noch nie, siehe Foto. Ich war sehr zufrieden. Und die preise, nun ja man kann sich ja auch mal was gönnen.~pizza 
Well, Chuck on St. Clair has gone under - it sported a "closed for renovation" sign for a week or so, but that's been replaced by a couple of inexpertly-lettered "for lease" signs.  I'm afraid the writing was on the wall from the day it opened.   1)  There is some stiff damn competition in this neighbourhood.  If you're looking for a place where two people can get a delicious, unpretentious meal for under $50, you've got Churrasco of St. Clair, Stockyards, Mezzetta, and Vannis - and that's all within 50 meters of the corner of St. Clair & Christie.  If you're willing to go another block or two, you've got great Mexican and good Indian, too.    2)  You're selling burgers across the street from Stockyards.  Yes, Chuck had better seating and a liquor license, but the food wasn't as good and there wasn't much of a price difference.    3)  The ambiance was all wrong for this neighbourhood.  Did I call it "nouveau abbatoir" in my earlier review?  I should have.  If I'm looking for a haven after a long day at work, I don't want  bare bulbs and an interior that looks like it was designed for easy hosing off.  It's a shame - the staff were always really nice, and the burgers weren't bad.  I hate to see a place go under in my area, but the mix was just wrong.  I dropped by for takeout poutine on election night; the place was dead silent, and I was a bit uncomfortable as I waited for my junk food.  The stench of death was on the place already.  I got home, and the portion was huge and piping hot - but the gravy was bland, and I pitched a good chunk of it out.  Better luck next time, Chuck owners.~burgers burgers 
I heard this place had great burgers so figured I'd give it a try. Turns out it wasn't worth wasting my money on which is really too bad because the restaurant is really nice looking and could be great, they just need to learn how to make a really good burger and maybe bring the price down a little as well.~burgers burger 
Burgers are good. Fries are great.  Try the bacon and cheese it is really delicious.  This place just needs a good manager and some atmosphere.  Floor is sticky. Music is hard to hear, they need a sound system. Take the stickers off the windows and door.  I think this place will close because it is never busy.  I am hoping they get the energy up and draw a bigger crowd, because the food is a great addition to the neighbourhood.~burgers fries bacon cheese 
thought of trying that place and it looked cool from the outside.  in short, wasn't too impressed.  the burger was good and the fries as well. service was nice, however the atmosphere was not right and it was too pricy.  the place looked really dirty and unfinished. paid for 2 burgers with sides and 2 cokes $40.....  it has potential (look, menu), but it seems it is not being runned well~burger fries burgers 
Meant to go to Smokehouse on St. Clair, but the place was jam packed so ventured across the street to Chuck and Co instead.  Looked like a nice place, but oddly, completely empty.  That's always a worry, but we went anyway.  Apparently, they won a prize for best burger in Toronto Life, so must be okay.  Noticed that they fry burgers on a griddle instead of char broiling though.  Odd for a real burger place.  Isn't frying a burger a bit like boiling toast?  So we ordered.  I had the award winning Montreal Burger which featured smoked meat.  We also had a Juicy Lucy which has mozzarella inside it and a portobello mushroom burger.  We ordered some fries which arrived first, like a  starter, which was odd.  They were good, but fries are meant to go with a burger.  That's basic burger stuff to me.  The burgers arrived after we finished the fries completely.  The portobello burger had two small and limp mushrooms rather than a nice big one, so that was disappointing.  They were pretty greasy too.  My Montreal burger was okay, but as it was fried, not a great flavour to me.  The buns were kind of heavy, so I didn't like them too much either.  The Juicy Lucy was missing the cheese completely, so back it went.  It arrived a bit later and it had the cheese but also a kind of funny smell and taste.  It seemed to us like the meat might be too old.  I didn't like it at all and the others didn't have this taste or smell, so that was worrying.  So, I guess I know why it was completely empty when we arrived and when we left.  Service was charming and friendly, but that's kind of small potatoes.  These were not good burgers.~burger burgers burger burger burger mozzarella mushroom burger. fries fries burger. burger burgers fries burger mushrooms burger cheese cheese potatoes. burgers. 
I really wish I had liked this place as it is in my hood, but wow was it ever disappointing. First the bun. Huge, doughy and overwhelming. Then the burger - bland and too small for the bun. Then the toppings. Slathered with so much mustard you couldn't taste anything else. I had the bacon cheeseburger (so much bun you couldn't taste the bacon, cheese or burger). I followed that up with the Montreal burger which supposedly had smoked meat which you couldn't taste because of the bun and the mustard. Will never return as there so many good burger joints in this town (Gourmet Burger Co. The Burger Shack, Five Guys, etc.). Was very surprised that NOW magazine gave it a decent review in their 50 Best Burgers feature recently.~burger - bacon bacon, cheese burger) burger burger burger burger burgers 
After being yelled at by a server at The Stockyards for asking how long the wait would be, we went across the street to a little, unassuming burger shoppe Chuck and Co. Though it looked like a auto garage on the inside, the service was prompt and friendly and the brunch menu was big AND included their trademark burgers.   The wait for the food was reasonable and, even though, strangely, my burger did not come with fries, it was a tasty hunk of ground chuck meat on an amazing caibatta bun.  A nice burger joint with big, thick cut pieces of bacon everyone can enjoy!~burger burgers. burger fries, burger bacon 
Experience similar to Trish Q's. Went for brunch and first thought was  "Why is this floor so sticky?"  There was maybe one or two other tables in there - the space is new, nice, and professionally designed. Lots of black and wood and hanging light-bulbs.  The prices looked reasonable (~10$ or so) and food was OK.  My hard-fried egg was greasy and hardly fried. Sort of YUCKY.  The banana pancakes were quite good. They were served with peanut butter and jam on the side - I'm not sure why.  Thick cut bacon was an excellent side. VERY good bacon. Almost like beef jerky.  Fries were tiny shoe-string, tepid, and dry. Not great.  The electronic payment machine was down, but they told us at the end of the meal so I had to walk to a convenience store and get charged 3$ to take out cash. Didn't like that so much.  Service was a little weak, also.  I would go back for a burger and beer- if they wash that floor.~egg banana pancakes butter bacon bacon. beef fries burger 
Dangerous place, full of gangs, pimps and prostitutes, I recovered my stolen car from this motel, my car was stolen from me in Las Vegas the day after halloween, the thieves were staying at this motel, it was a pimp and his hoe who were staying in room 36 above the front office. the place was swarming with pimps, prostitutes, and gang bangers and druggies, I am looking to sue this place for harboring the criminals who stole my car. I double dog dare the management to respond to this review, mine was the 2016 white Dodge Charger. see you in court.~white 
Offers a wide variety of bubble tea flavours, although I admittedly order some strawberry/banana variant almost every time so I'm not well qualified to speak to how good all their flavours are, all I can say is that I thoroughly enjoy their strawberry banana offering and that service was good, prices seemed reasonable and they offer both late hours and a convenient location.~tea banana 
Came here because I desperately had to use the bathroom ... so I paid $7 (I think) for a subpar fresh fruit mango bubble tea.  It wasn't delicious.  I have had better.  And it was over-priced.  The bathroom was really gross too ... not E-Tea's fault since I think they share the bathroom with the other tenants in the building.  But, it is one of those washrooms you see in movies - narrow hallway, dark, dingy, yucky, and although this washroom didn't have a single hanging light bulb with a string to turn on and off, one would have fit perfectly in this washroom.  Anyway, still on the hunt for a yummy fresh fruit bubble tea :)~mango tea. tea tea :) 
- ALOT of flavours - I ordered avocado but it wasn't that good - I generally prefer liquid mixes but they used powders so it tasted less real to me - open late. Til 2am. Great for late night cravings. - space to sit around and hang out - taste was generally ok..but my boyfriend loved his strawberry banana though.~avocado banana 
E- Tea has two sections- the bubble tea takeout counter and in the back they have a little restaurant. My review is based on my bubble tea experience.  E-Tea is somewhat small but has a large counter where they serve different types of bubble teas, iced-coffees, Italian soda's etc. My intention was to buy some bubble tea supplies for home but the guy working there did not have any. Instead, he directed me to Asian markets around the area where I could find some; I thought that was really nice and helpful.  After looking over the gigantic beverage menu, I decided upon a mango bubble tea. The bubble teas here are made out of powder and come in one standard sized cup. I paid around $3.77 for a cup which was about 14oz. The drink was refreshing and the tapioca was cooked perfectly. However, the mango flavor did not taste too much like mango which was disappointing. I also find the price to be much for a drink like that.  Not a big fan of the bubble tea here, but I'm willing to give them another chance just because the guy working here was really kind and helpful.~tea tea tea tea tea mango tea. mango mango tea 
Decent quality and open late. I got the passionfruit bubble tea.   PROS -cheap -open late -friendly service  CONS -tiny ass bubbles -flavours arent all that impressive~tea. 
One of the better bubble tea places in Chinatown, but still, it's nothing special.  But, do try the soy bubble tea!~tea tea! 
Stopped by for the variety of flavors they offer. Ended up getting a Honey Aloe Vera hot tea which was delicious and not too sweet. It came from a jar of green "stuff" that looked like the consistency of crushed up Aloe Vera. Now that's what I'm talking about. They even threw in some tapioca for free so I could try it.   I haven't tried the food but I'd recommend stopping by for any kind of drink you could want.~honey tea 
The sandwiches had a lot less greens and vegetables than I'm used to at Subways I've frequently eaten at in California. Also didn't have any avocado... Overall the sandwiches were of much poorer quality than I've come to expect from Subway.~greens avocado... 
NOW serving breakfast @subwayfreshbuzz made YOUR way!!! CHEAP + good-not your typical Fast-Food!! I love the whole wheat muffins and being able to load it up anyway you want depending on what mood you are in.~wheat 
Expectations aren't too high for a 24 hour Subway within a casino, but perhaps if the employees weren't male and facing the screens of the sports book, service would be more attentive.  Visited this weekend while a major game was playing, wanting to grab a pizza- Subway pizza is delicious, try one if you haven't already.  Employee was polite but incredibly slow. Between carrying on a conversation with his coworker and staring at the game screen, the guy barely had the capacity left to focus on making my order. It was simple, too.  Received it finally, hot and delicious. Only complaint is that veggies were not chopped up prior to adding to the pizza- other locations have cut them into smaller pieces, as for the salads, before baking, but not here. Giant pieces of pepper and onion tore up the cheese as I ate my individual pieces.~pizza salads, onion cheese 
This event was fun but crazy with how many people attended. The class registration queues seemed unorganised and long, and we weren't told when we came that we had to book for the classes which was frustrating to say the least! The classes we went to were informative and fun, especially the one by Iggy from Iggs restaurant. Although he was great, the event staff weren't very friendly and were not organised about or receptive to giving out samples of these top chefs' work. They did let us sample the great seafood dish from Iggs but with the chef from Hotel Missoni they let some people sample the pumpkin rissoto (understandable that they were concerned about allowing samples for the fish) but then took the rissoto dish away and tisked those of us still waiting for samples. I wasn't very impressed by the staff.   Considering this was a paid event, most of the stalls in the main event exhibition hall were a bit stingy in selling food and not giving very many samples, which was a bit sad. They also didn't have that good deals in selling their things. The Edinburgh Gin was apparently reduced down to £17 for a mid-sized bottle, but a quick google search shows that is the same price that Royal Mile Whiskies sells it for. Oh well.   Overall the event was ok but you needed to brace yourself for crowds and long queues!~pumpkin 
We've been to Foodies Festivals before, but this was the first we'd been to at the EICC. Unfortunately, we went on Saturday, and it was beyond crowded and verging on dangerous. They should have allowed much more space between stands to reduce the crush, making grazing more pleasurable, and rendering it safe for pushchairs and wheelchairs.   While there was little knew in terms of exhibitors, the quality was high and the samples good. The Extraordinary Sausage Company, in particular, was doing a roaring trade throughout the day, with some excellent produce; I recommend their sausages with Scotch Bonnet peppers. Unfortunately, the crowds they generated added to the crush.   A good time, then, but disappointingly badly organised.~sausage 
Well I really enjoyed the Foodies Festival. We got there about 11.30 and it wasnt too busy, thankfully we decided not to go on the Saturday as I had heard it was mega busy and unorganised, however we went Sunday It was busy but not anything we couldnt cope with.  We managed to get around all the stalls and sample all the yummy produce on show!  We scoffed a Malteiser cake - that my boyfriend could only describe as 'epic' from Mimi's Bakery..it lasted 5 seconds! Nom nom nom  We tasted Gin, Whiskey, Prosecco, Ginger Beer, German Beer........ Nice...Ohhh and we had a coconut and Rum in a coconut and when we had finished he cut the coconut open so we could eat the inside - tasty!. I ate Salmon, sausages, Salami, yummy chocolate and hot chocolate from The fabulous Chocolate Tree. Then we wandered over to the Yelp stall to speak to lovely Katie , she was doing a right grand job and was smiling away :) I bought some Hot and Spicy pepper Caviar and we ate that later with some nice bread and Balsamic Vinegar ! Oh the life :) We didnt stay for any of the Masterclasses as the queues were getting larger at that point and the goodie bag we got had two butter biscuits and 2 pieces of shortbread between the two of us, which i thought wasnt much given all the produce on show.   Luckily we got our tickets via Itison for £13 for 2, and it was definatley worth it, maybe not full price, but it really was a treat and a good way of spending a few hours :) I just wish id bought more!~cake - ginger coconut coconut coconut salmon, butter 
Sweetlix has the advantage of being the only frozen yogurt place downtown, but frankly I'd be willing to travel to any of the other Razzy Fresh locations instead if I really needed some fro-yo.   The atmosphere inside is sort of like a 12 year old girl's bedroom, but less cozy. There also aren't any chairs inside, making eating your yogurt there slightly awkward. But the biggest problem is that this place just isn't all that good. There are only a few flavors, and since they sell their yogurt by size and not by ounce, getting toppings can be a bit tricky. They'll fill your medium cup and then there won't be room for the strawberries and brownie bites that you want on top. When we went most of our toppings ended up on the counter. Very disappointing. Plus it was just a little bit too pricy for what they give you.  Overall, avoid if possible. Go get some soft-serve instead.~frozen yogurt 
A friend and I dropped by Sweetlix on one of those heat-index-of-120F days, because waiting for the AAA guy in the Smithfield-Liberty garage was about to kill both of us. We figured we could cool off with some frozen yogurt (I refuse to call it "froyo") and sit around in the AC for a while.  I wasn't sure which flavor I wanted when I went in; I asked about the tangy one and the girl described it with some assistance from the other person behind the counter, but never offered a sample. I ended up with the Snickerdoodle, which was good but tasted essentially like eggnog (i.e. nutmeg, not cinnamon). I am, in general, not a fan of stuff either in or on my frozen dairy products, so it was unadorned. The texture was great, and the taste was amazing, too -- just not really quite as labeled. If I were going to put toppings on this flavor, I'd go with raspberries, honey and cinnamon sugar. That'd be pretty tasty.  Sadly, the atmosphere is pretty lacking. The AC was barely running, so my frozen treat was melting fast while I was standing at a table to eat. They could really do with some chairs in there. The girls at the counter were more interested in chatting about whether the one should go on a date with that guy with the tattoos than paying attention to us.  Given the ambiance/lack thereof, I'd say it seems a little overpriced. The yogurt was good, but not THAT good. I haven't tried Razzy Fresh but I'd go there first before returning to Sweetlix.~frozen yogurt ( eggnog ( honey date 
Hooray! Hooray! Sweetlix is open!  Brrrr....on a 38 degree day I was one of the first through the door, you KNOW you were missed!  Not only did I have company, we picked some up for others in the office, too.   We were tempted to opening day by Sweetlix's announcement of SIX flavors each day. Wow....decisions, decisions....in the end I just had to go with the original tart. So sweet and lemony....fat-free and only 90 calories of pure,  decadent, smooth and creamy yumminess. My walking partner and I often plan our lunchtime walks to hit Sweetlix at the end for a sweet reward.  Next time I think it will be the pomegranate-raspberry, or will you have chocolate in the rotation of flavors?  Maybe original tart with kiwi and coconut...or maybe.....  Welcome back!!!!!~pomegranate- coconut... 
I'm usually not a big fan of the "tart frozen yogurt" craze that's sweeped the larger cities and now apparently Pittsburgh.  But for some reason, Sweetlix's yogurt are tasty to me - mabye b/c it's not as tart as some of the frozen yogurt I've had at other places (in other cities).  I enjoy the selection of toppings, but usually keep it simple to graham cracker crumbs and a bit of honey.    Defintely check this place out and while your at it stop in at get some savory (or sweet if you want a double dose) Pittsburgh Popcorn Company popcorn.~frozen yogurt" frozen yogurt honey. popcorn popcorn. 
Don't waste your time going here. They only had 3 machines (so 6 flavors) and 1 was broken! The other machines are perhaps broken, too, because all of the ice cream was melting as it was coming out. The toppings were sad...not many choices, and they looked like they were days old. Also, the facility needs to be cleaned including the workers dirty hands and fingernails!~ice cream 
Definitely improving overall in quality and presentation.  I tried their Bacon Maple Doughnut froyo ... wow.  Not bad at all!!~bacon doughnut 
Ohhhhhh Razzy Fresh you've met your match!!    Maybe it's because I can't actually stand in front of the machines like I do at Razzy Fresh and decide against the fattening Cake Batter yogurt.  Four choices written on a dry erase board.    The only one my eyes went to was NY Cheesecake.  Of course!  It's like picking the most expensive thing on the menu....except this time it's the worst for you.    But gosh darnit, it was GOOOOOD!  I'm hooked!  Pile on the brownie bits and sprinkles and I'm in.  That's how I roll, healthy yogurt turned bad but oh so good!~cake 
This is the greatest place!! If you are looking for a FAMILY OWNED AND OPERATED bakery/deli...well here it is!   Probably the most quaint location in the heart of downtown Glendale. Chef Tom is right there to make taste bud delights come to life!!  Come by during the summer and you lift find their Son, Duncan, delivering refreshing lemonade to sun beaten warriors of the concrete jungle!  And did I mention that Adriene Oftedahl Sanders is a Moon Valley Rockets Alum? So you have a local hometown family making it happen!  We stopped by to grab a sandwich and say "Hi!"  Show some love to your small business owners and get some great food in the process!~sandwich 
This place is great and Chef Tom and his wife are very welcoming! It's a quaint little shop that reminds me of a cigar store back home in NY and also has an East Coast deli feel. I haven't had the sandwiches because I'm a vegetarian but my hubby has and he loves them! I am, however, one who loves baked goods, and this place doesn't disappoint! They have a dessert called the doughfin (lemon poppy muffin with a donut consistency inside) that's to die for, and just the other day, they introduced us to their regular and chocolate chip homemade coconut macaroons which were melt in your mouth delicious! This place is a must when visiting the Phoenix area!~lemon coconut 
Wow, this bakery is so awesome! First time here and I love it. A local mom and pop store. I had coffee and 2 of his homemade cookies. They were great ! Tom and his staff are very friendly. They have comfortable seating as well. They also offer some deli sandwiches as well. I am looking forward to trying those at a later date. The shop is very clean as well.  5 stars for sure !~coffee cookies. date. 
Thanks  to Chef Tom and crew another downtown Glendale shopkeeper didn't starve today. I ordered a sandwich this morning and they even delivered it to me later in the day. Thanks  You are too good to me.  Barbie ~ Gypsy Chicken Marketplace~sandwich chicken 
They are never open. Their website states open daily . Monday-Friday: 7.30 a.m. to 3.30 p.m.  I've tried to go in several times for a cup of coffee and its like 9-10 am and they are still not open. The owner closes whenever he wants with no notice. He needs to change the information on his website if this continues. They also have a weak selection of items, just a few sandwiches and they never actually have any baked goods... weird considering it is a bakery!! It takes these people half an hour to make one sandwich! definitely not suitable for someone who is on a quick lunch break, you will spend your entire lunch waiting on your food to be prepared. I tried to give this place a chance but they just have poor customer service.~coffee sandwich! 
wir waren richtig kaputt gestern abend, als wir von unserer möbelhäuser-abklapper-tour zurück in heimatliche gefilde waren. noch kochen? dazu war ich eindeutig zu fertig, also entschieden wir uns essen zu gehen. da fiel uns wieder ein, daß wir den asiaten in der bahnhofstr. testen wollten. der laden sah so einladend und untypisch asiatisch von außen aus, daß uns dieser gleich wieder einfiel. wir fuhren also gezielt dorthin. wir parkten an der straße, gibt ja genug plätze. die plätze hinterm haus sind nämlich nicht für gäste, die scheinen alle privat zu sein. wir studierten die außen ausgehängte karte und empfanden die preise als absolut korrekt. wir staunten als wir den ersten blick durch die glastüre wagten, das soll ein asiate sein? wir öffneten die türe und staunten noch mehr. die wände in lila und flieder gestrichen, tische und stühle in dunklem holz und die stühle entweder in mokka- oder cremeweißleder bezogen. liebevolle aber dezente details wie orchideen und stilvolle asiatische figuren ergänzten das zurückhaltend moderne ambiente. in die küche kann man durch eine glasscheibe schauen, und den köchen beim wokschwenken zusehen. wir wurden von einer sehr freundlichen dame begrüßt, die uns den hinweis gab, es wäre kein tisch mehr frei. jedoch rückte sie ein bißchen näher und flüsterte, daß die damen hinter uns bereits bezahlt hätten und kurz vor dem gehen seien. wir bedankten uns mit einem zwinker und warteten dezent draußen im eingangsbereich. irgendwann nach 5 minuten kam die nette bedienung wieder und brachte uns pflaumenwein, um die wartezeit zu versüßen. sehr nett. und weitere fünf minuten später war den tisch auch schon frei. ich bestellte hummerkrabben mit scharfen thai soße, gemüse und reis. mein schatz hatte das selbe nur mit ente. das essen war im nullkommanix da, es war sehr lecker und ausreichend. so gern ich nachtisch bestellt hätte, es hätte mich platzen lassen. zwischendurch kam die nette bedienung und fragte ob alles in ordnung sei und lächlte freundlich in ihrer zu der wandfarbe abgestimmtes outfit in lila und flieder. wir bezahlten für essen und 2 großen apfelschorle 28 euro und bekam glatt noch einen pflaumenwein zum abschied. ich empfand den abend im mang so spontan und ungeplant er war, extrem gut, aufmerksam und überrasschend. selten daß ich mich so wohl und betüttelt gefühlt hab wie hier und daß obwohl wir auf eine tisch warten mußten. ich gebe einen punkt für essen und trinken, einen fürs ambiente, einen für aufmerksamkeit und willkommensgefühl, einen für die supernette bedienung und einen für preisleistung. rundumzufrieden also. karte habe ich mir geben lassen, ab sofort wird reserviert.~thai 
Ich bin das Risiko eingegangen und habe meine Lieblingsmahlzeit vom Thailänder mit einer ähnlichen Zusammenstellung bei diesem Restaurant probiert.  Meine Bestellung:  Rote Curry Soße mit Rind, Gemüsekombination des Hauses und Reis als Beilage.   Kostenfaktor: 13,50 € - ein hoher preis für den ersten Eindruck der Menge des Gerichts. Jedoch ist der Preis bei meinem lieblings Thai fast der gleiche.  Nach dem Essen kann ich sagen, dass ich normal bis gut gesättigt war. Also ist die Menge ausreichend. Positiv überrascht war ich vom Chilli, den ich mir extra dazu bestellt hatte. Gute Schärfe ohne Beigeschmack wie z.B. beim Sambal Olek oder ähnliche scharfe Soßen, die man bei Asiaten aus dem Spender bekommt.  An sich war das Essen gut, jedoch kommt die Soße und somit das ganze Gericht nicht ganz an die fünf Sterne vom "Thai Garden" in Schorndorf (20 min. von Waiblingen).  Als Variante ganz gut aber nicht das Beste für schleckige Feinschmecker der Asiatischen Küche.  p.s.: Schick eingerichtetes Restaurant.~thai thai 
I decided to seek out the closest Wal-mart and found this versus the Wal-mart further down road.  As usual, I'll pick my produce first.  The roma tomatoes weren't as clean and red-looking like back home.  These had some brown spots.  Everything was in stock.  I had no issues of looking for something and it wasn't there.  There wasn't a lot of Chobani flip choices but that's okay at the time because I only needed a few  Feeling indifferent about the rice pudding I purchased last night (4/10) and it says best eaten by 4/12.  I really feel like this should have been marked down (like last week)!  I wish I looked before purchasing. **3.5**~brown 
I have a serious addiction to this place and always look forward to working at Terminal 1 do I can visit.    The wraps are really decent and there is a variety of choices.  It's difficult to choose a favourite.   Booster bakes are worth a try..    Mostly here for the smoothies of course..  I will either choose 'Bananas a-whey' or 'Pomegranate punch'.  Limited to salads and grains..  Maybe it differs from locations?   Some people say it's not worth the money to pay that much for a smoothie but I beg to differ.    Service for this location is relatively fast and consistent.  I would have never discovered Booster Juice if it weren't for this location at work.~wraps smoothies pomegranate salads smoothie 
Reminds me of jamba juice. The Tropi-Kale was good! Cups are made from a horrible Styrofoam. Was waiting for my plane. This was a healthy option.~kale 
Booster Juice near F57-61 terminal 1 is a really good deal. I didn't realize that their juice is so filling so I ordered a combo with steak panini. I thought the panini will not be a tasty choice but it turns out to be the opposite! It's fairly good warm panini given the limited choice in the airport. Love it! Recommend Tropical Kale, and I saw strawberry ones and orange ones are also people's favorite.~steak kale, 
So delighted to find a Caribbean grocery store and kitchen in the West valley. I came across an ad for this place a few days ago at my hairdresser and went to try it today. I was like a kid going up and down the aisles, putting hard to find items like salt fish, sorrel, kola champagne, jerk seasoning, plantain chips and ovaltine biscuits into my basket. It was such a treat to find Caribbean groceries that I had to order online before I knew of Caribbean Market Place. It is a small store but take your time going through...I was surpised at the selection.  After chatting with the lady who rang me up, I learned that the Caribbean Market Place grocery store has been there for 6 years, but they recently opened the kitchen which is adjacent. There are a couple of tables inside and outside, but we opted for an order to go. A generous plate of curry chicken, rice and peas and plantains was $10, oxtail stew with the same sides was $13. VERY good meal! My curry chicken was enough for lunch and dinner...my Dad enjoyed his oxtail with plantains.  We will definitely be back!~plantain chips chicken, peas chicken 
I went in on a Saturday afternoon for the first time and as soon as I walked in the door there was a line. I took that as a good sign because the food must be real good if people are willing to wait. I ended up waiting more than 15 - 20 minutes by the time my order was taken; which was okay because I wasn't in a rush. I was just happy to finally get my hands on some Jamaican food again being that it's so scarce out here. I ordered a plate of oxtails, rice and peas with plantains. First thing that surprised me was the price, $15 for the plate and a bottled drink was $2.25. But, I didn't worry about that since I was hungry and looking forward to eating some real food. Well, by the time I sat down to eat it was a bit underwhelming. Being that I'm originally from Brooklyn, NY I have had many plates of Jamaican food in my lifetime and this one just didn't quite cut it for me. The portion size was good, but it just wasn't as tasty as the previous reviews made it out to seem. It's possible that this was just an off day so I may go back and try one of their other dishes.~peas 
Lo and behold, all this time I've been spelling Caribbean wrong.  No wonder I can never find it!  It's 1 R and 2 B's.  1 R and 2 B's.  1 R and 2 B's.  Okay -   If you find yourself straying westward one afternoon, stop for lunch at the Caribbean Marketplace on 44th Av & W Northern.  The restaurant is expanding to include more dining space.  I am rooting for it's success.  With expansion, I'm hoping to see more organization and a better use of the displays.   Overall friendly atmosphere; nice ambiance in the restaurant with music to keep rhythm to.  I'm fond of the tall wood tables and chairs.  They add class to the cheap looking tile floor.  The grill outside was hot, but empty so I presume they only grill upon order.   The grocery store is small with a few packed aisles.  I saw a bit of everything.  If you need something - ask.  Numerous folks came through to pick up one or two things or just out of curiosity, so this spot is pulling in a good crowd.   Meanwhile, back in the restaurant, I was happy to have a tall serving of homemade sorrel.  Oh yes, yes, that takes me back....Prepared to wait for the snapper (made to order) I also enjoyed a veggie patty of corn, carrots, and cabbage.  It was the classic veggie patty that I remembered from my other life.    What I wasn't happy about was the lack of green vegetation on the menu.  Oxtails, chicken, goat, patties (beef, chicken, veggie), coco bread, plantains (way too oily!), rices & peas, pasta salad, and potato salad were readily available.  Where were the greens, callaloo, okra?  Nonetheless, my order of snapper was beautifully prepared with bell peppers and onions.  Yummy.  The cook allowed the veggies to flavor the dish and did not rely on a heavy hand of salt.  I will def come to the Caribbean (1 R, 2 B's) Marketplace again and I do recommend that you stop by too.    Call ahead 623-930-5258 to see what else the cook can prepare.~corn, cabbage. chicken, beef, chicken, peas, pasta salad 
If you hail from the Caribbean as I am and you're looking to stock up on any kind of item from back home that'll make you nostalgic, then this is the place for you.  Let me know start, the place is located in a small strip mall and wasn't hard to find with my GPS.  The sign outside was large enough to see from far.   Parking is more than generous.  The outside of the establishment is clean.    As you enter, I was greeted by the friendly employees.  On the left is the grocery side and on the right is the restaurant side with some tables and chairs for eating.  On this particular visit, we found everything we were looking for that couldn't be found at any local grocery store, Walmart, or Target.  We picked up curry and saffron powder, cooking butter, a soft drink called 'Solo', poulourie mix, and a jar of mango chutney all produced in our homeland - Trinidad and all reasonably priced may I add!  While we were there, we figured we'd grab a bite to eat so I ordered the regular curry goat which comes with 2 sides so I chose the rice and beans along with the fried plantains which was very tasty and served hot!  Thankfully the curry goat wasn't too spicy.  The regular is $`13 and was enough for two or maybe if you leave any leftovers, it can go for dinner tonight but I consumed it all. One of the food items we came for was roti but they were out but will be retuning in a couple days for it....it's a must have!  We were really pleased to have found this place through the internet and Yelp and seeing as they carry many of the products that are so hard to find in our local neighborhood markets and groceries, we will definitely be returning, not just for that roti, but for many other grocery items!~butter, mango 
Regular customers in the market section for grocery items since this store first opened for business. We  decided to feed our faces, we ordered the curry goat, stewed chicken and oxtail. The food was finger licking good. "Di food irie mon"~chicken 
Brown stew chicken was MWAH! Wanted to kiss the cook, but that would be innapropriate ;)  I went late at night so I wasn't expecting the food to be fresh but it was flavorful, the sauce was rich and the sides were sweet in contrast to the fire of the spices.  Nice array of west indian spices and seasonings in the store as well.  Will be back!~brown chicken 
I love the food here. I live 30 mi away but I try to go every week. Authentic food made fresh. You can eat in or get in to go. Jerk chicken, jerk ribs, curry goat, oxtails, patties (beef, chicken and veggie) and much more. Their prices are reasonable.~chicken, beef, chicken 
It is open on sunday.  It has stuff in it.  The fruitcups were good.  I got a premade "Italian" sandwich.  Which I regreted buying almost as soon as I walked out the store.  I dobnt know what else to say about this place.~sandwich. 
Attached to the Doubletree hotel.  They have the items you would expect: popcorn, ice cream, frozen meals, sandwiches, coffee, bottled or fountain soda, milk, ice tea, energy drinks.  They also have a decent variety of packaged snacks.  Staff is very friendly.    Prices are average convenient store prices.  They don't take AXP cards.  You can get hot dogs but I wouldn't trust them.~popcorn, ice cream, coffee, milk, tea, hot dogs 
6-11.     That's what this should be called because on weekdays those are the hours it's open.    This is a super convenient place if you're staying at the DoubleTree and they have a ton of food, snacks, drinks available to satisfy nearly every urge.  It seemed like this one guy was working every time I went in and he was very cool, friendly and professional.  The place is pretty clean, although there is always cheese residue on the nachos machine, which just sort of looks gross.  I can't bump this up to four stars because they do not have seltzer or club soda.  I need my fizzy water and it drives me nuts I can't get it at convenience stores outside of NYC.  But overall, this place is good.  Thanks for letting me give you the 411 on this 7-11.~cheese 
The store itself was fine- had things I needed but this if this were a review for 7Elevens overall- they really, really, REALLY, suck.  Please. Please, do something about your coffee. Please. It tastes like mud water.~coffee. 
It wasn't my first Nia class.  In fact, I'd done a lot of Nia with great teachers, and even took my white belt training (which at the time, was the teacher training) for Nia.  Nia is amazing, and each teacher brings their own energy to the practice.  In fact, if you have tried Nia and didn't love it, I recommend trying another teacher or more.  It's more about the right fit for you than it is about "good" and "bad" teachers.  So, Jenn Hicks.  She's amazing.  She's not shy about sharing her personal story online and the struggles that lead her to Nia.  She has a passion for mental health and celebrating the bodies we have.  Jenn understands and loves it when you take care of yourself, so there is no pressure to keep up or do anything that doesn't feel right.    If I need to slow a move down, or take a break, I know that Jenn respects and encourages that.  I feel like she creates a safe place where I can show up, as I am, and dance from there.  All of me is welcome here.  You can be gentle.  That said, if I wanted to pump things up and really work it, there is no one better than Jenn Hicks.  That girl has more energy than anyone I know.  She has a blast while she teaches and her enthusiasm is contagious.   If you want a great workout that rocks your cardio while being kind to your body, this is the class.  If I could describe her classes in two words, sexy and sweaty come to mind.  The kind of sexy that is barefoot and strong.  I often laugh out loud in her classes as well.  And I love the music she chooses.  It's all over the place, but always fun.  Jenn is super playful but don't be fooled -- that woman is a powerhouse of wisdom.  You'll be in good hands, and likely leave loving your body a little more.~white 
Wenn ich in Weilimdorf und Umgebung unterwegs bin, ist der Baran Kebap einfach Pflicht! Superschneller Service (eingespieltes Team) und ein echt Super Döner und Yufka zu normalen Preisen. Pizza habe ich jetzt dort noch keine versucht, was ich aber bestimmt mal bei einem meinen nächsten Abstecher nachholen werde. Also ich kann diese Dönerbude (ist eingentlich falsch, da es überhaupt nichts mit einer Bude zu tun hat) nur empfehlen! Lecker Lecker!~pizza 
Hier liegen 2 Dönergaststätten nebeneinander. Aber nur die Baran Kebap Gaststätte ist stets sehr gut besucht. Die Portionen sind immer riesig und super frisch. Es gibt hier einfach kein altes Fleisch. Auch der Salat, die Tomaten etc. immer super lecker. Wenn man mal keinen Hunger auf Döner hat, bekommt man hier auch eine klasse Pizza. Der Pizza-Lieferdienst hat bei uns schon lange ausgedient.  Die Bedienung ist immer nett und freundlich. Leider sind häufiger mal die Plätze im Nichtraucher-Bereich komplett belegt, so dass man auf den Raucherbereich ausweichen muss. Aber dafür können die Inhaber ja auch nichts, dass sie so gut besucht sind. Für die Qualität spricht auch, dass die Polizei regelmässig in dem Laden ist, nicht zur Kontrolle oder so, sondern um Großbestellungen abzuholen. Alles in allem, es ist der einzige Ort wo ich jetzt noch Döner esse.~pizza pizza 
Vegan food is a beast that is hard to tame, as variety is sometimes missing or taste finds itself lacking. As a meat eater myself, it took some convincing by my wife to try O'Bol, which is a 100% vegan restaurant with no animal products whatsoever.  After tasting their Californian salad however, I was truly impressed! The blend of vegetables with "simulated" chicken strips that tasted so much better than some real meat strips, topped with a peanut sauce that marries itself so well to the Asian flavours... It was a piece of heaven!  I've returned only once since then as it's out of my regular way and tucked in the Bonaventure Plaza's food court, but just writing this review right now makes me crave for more.   If you're a vegan that has trouble eating out with those damned meat lovers because they hate your food, this place will change their mind.~salad chicken 
Not all food courts are build the same. Like this one. Independent fronts like Obol serve up heaping plates. While they do have vegetarian options, the two lunch options that were suggested to me were both beef.   I opted for "The tex mex:" chili on rice. Make no mistake, it ain't pretty. Think cafeteria gruel heaped on a paper plate. But all looks aside, it packs some taste!  Would I seek it out or crave it? Nah, but if I were in the area, say, for a beer festival, I'd definitely pad my stomach with this!~beef. 
This teensy place is located on a forlorn part of the strip; you know, that stretch bridging New Vegas and Old Vegas that is adorned only by low-lying cheap T-shirt and souvenir warehouses...the part that reminds  you that you are in the bone dry desert.  As my friends and I (all of still us hungover at 4 p.m.) walked under the daze of the mid-afternoon sun, coffee seemed like a necessity and SexxPresso seemed like just the quirky (and indeed only) thing we needed.  Tittering, we perused a small wall of shabby nylon lingerie, patent leather (a.k.a. cheap vinyl) bondage gear, and glow-in-the-dark dildos before walking up to the counter, where a scruffy, middle-aged, not unobese guy in a yellowed white tee (or was it a wifebeater) greeted us.   Bemoaning the state of the economy and the prudence of Vegas tourists nowadays, he took our orders. Behind him, a hipless bottle blonde who looked like she was 12 years old (this is not to imply that the employees at this business are not of age; she just looked that way for sure) fumbled her way around the machinery, ultimately producing our steaming cups with downcast eyes and a flourish of limp synthetic lace.  I forget the name of what I ordered, but I guarantee you that the title was unironically smutty. Back in the daylight, I took an awkward and slightly guilty gulp of cherry-infused mocha. There was nothing wrong with the temperature or the quality of it, but for some reason, I kept thinking about flavored lube and worrying that it was the secret ingredient. Right then, my cocky male coffee connoisseur friend, the only one who could have potentially enjoyed this whole scene, aptly expressed everyone's feelings - "BLAAAAAGH! You CAN'T mix SEX with COFFEE, man...now all I feel like is that I'm drinking that 12-year-old girl's ASSSSS...tasting her ASSSSSS...."  We walked the rest of the way in depressed silence and got our blood flowing with the Stratosphere rides instead. I want to wish this severely undervisited place luck, but unfortunately, a coffee-cum-sex-shop is not neither a turnon nor a picker-upper, especially not on the dead part of the Vegas strip.~coffee white cherry- coffee coffee, coffee- 
With a name like Sexxpresso I was expecting the Hooter's version of coffee.  I got the Hooter's part but the coffee was horrible.  Espresso was somewhere between burnt and rancid.  Blech.  It'll take more than Hooter's to get me back.  I don't care what the schtick is, you've got to have decent coffee.  Blech.  Blech.  Blah.  Yadda.  Yadda.  Yadda.~coffee. coffee coffee. 
Possibly one of the most unusual places i've been to.  My tuxedo rental place was "close" to here so we stopped by a couple times for coffee.  The baristas are in bikinis...so yeah it's a bikini coffee shop. The girls were very nice and complimentary.  I'd say a step above Rock of Love material.  If you can make me good coffee you could wear 3 parkas for all it's worth.  But alas, the coffee was mediocre.  My friend ordered the Erotic Pleasure, which was white chocolate mocha, and he seemed to enjoy it...but my coffee was bland.  And once i purchased it, she forgot to make it.  I paid for it, then watched her forget to pour it out for me.  I was in disbelief.   The size of your coffee is either B or DD.  It took me a minute to understand that.  I swear I stopped by b/c i heard they had good coffee!~coffee. coffee coffee coffee white coffee coffee coffee! 
OK, first of all:  THEY MOVED.  No longer located on Flamingo, they are now located right on the Strip.  Secondly, the store was populated (the one time I was there) by two ditzy blondes who -- when you add them together -- MAY have had a two-digit IQ, and a brunette who was either smart enough not to open her mouth or dumb enough not to know she was supposed to talk to customers.  Oh, yeah, and there was a old(er) guy with salt-and-pepper hair (and a beard to match) who actually had to make the drinks, because the scantily-clad girls (one in a bustier and garter belt, one in a baby doll, and one in a bra and panties -- don't they know steamed milk can be HOT???) didn't know how to make a straight espresso, let alone something as complicated as a latte!  (OK, I answered my own question:  no, they DIDN'T realize steamed milk was hot -- they never touch the equipment!)  Two stars because the espresso was indeed better than Starbuck's.  Minus one star because there is no one there with enough intelligence to count out correct change without having someone help them.  Add one star because the girls were cute, in a really creepy, Humbert Humbert-and-Lolita, "only in Vegas" sort of way.    And I swear I really DID go for the coffee . . . it was recommended on the yelp! Vegas talk page!~milk milk coffee . 
Mmmm! Yummmmmy! My friend and I were going to hit an a la cart but then found this AYCE gem on college! Delicious is the word to describe everything that came out of the kitchen and from the sushi bar. Great service and very friendly! I know it's a little thing but the miso came out nice and hot, not warm like most places. Nothin like a hot served soup on a cool evening. I highly recommend Magic Sushi!~sushi miso sushi! 
Sashimi Island is a much better AYCE option. Sushi bon is probably similar but much nicer staff and ambiance.   Comparable with Sushi D which isn't saying much.~sushi sushi 
I went here tonight with a group of 9 people and they were very accommodating. Food came out quick, was fresh and delicious. The beef tataki was awesome. We must of had at least 30 pieces. Mango rolls, green dragon and short ribs were perfect. Considering they just opened they are better than many others in the area.~beef mango 
I got takeout from Magic Sushi from the first time over the weekend. The food was fine and they had the standard sushi restaurant vegetarian options.  However, I could not imagine going here for a sit-down meal, especially during the day. The place barely gets any sunlight (weirdly, they've blocked off one window with a folding screen) and the interior is dark and depressing. They've made it worse by decorating with lots of black.~sushi sushi 
this place gets 2 stars for the mere fact that i didn't get food poisoning. i got a lunch special and it was pretty underwhelming. see the salad pictured above. it felt like an insult and a joke. the rest was, uh, just OK. point is that there is 4 other sushi restaurants on the block that do the same or better and i suggest you try one of those first.  also the place looks like some reject set from Blade Runner~salad sushi 
We love this place!! The staff is great and the sushi is delicious!! Mango Sushi is my favorite!~sushi mango sushi 
Considered getting delivery from here the other day but SO GLAD I didn't -- Magic Sushi didn't pass their health inspection this week, which is especially worrisome for a sushi place that handles raw fish...  Magic Sushi (650 College St. W.) Inspected on: February 3, 2015 Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional) Number of infractions: 4 (Minor: 1, Significant: 2, Crucial: 1) Crucial infractions include: Operator fail to ensure food is not contaminated/adulterated.~sushi sushi sushi ( 
A bit nicer than most places on Queen's West, and also a bit more expensive.  You can offset that cost by sticking with the pizzas, which are all $15 and a decent size for two people.    They have an extensive cocktail list organized by liquor and then separated into Sweet/Sour/Savory/Bitter with a few drinks in each category.    I got the Dirty Gin, which was quite good, although I would have skipped it had I known it was going to be $13.  Too much for a cocktail.  My girl and I had the Golden Pizza, which was so amazing we got the Pork Belly w/ arugula pizza to go.  Both were fantastic.  Also had the root veggie "fries," which are really more fresh root veggie chips, but amazing all the same.  The place is quiet pleasant, and they were very friendly and accomodating, checking if we wanted the door closed, saying we could sit anywhere we wanted, and turning down the music when we asked (it was just a touch too loud).  Overall, highly recommended.  Only warning is the high price of cocktails. The $11 glass of Malbec/Syrah was much more satisfying.~pizza pork arugula pizza fries, chips, 
We came to lucid for a friends birthday. We were interested in seeing the cocktail menu and having some dinner. The place was empty (9pm on a Friday night) which contributed to the chilly uncomfortable atmosphere.  When we went to order, they had "sold out" of half their menu items... Which had limited choice to begin with and we were only told of this after we ordered. My steak came out cold, the sides were boring and the "amazing tartare" was less than impressive.  The cocktails were OK, I def wouldn't go back for them. If you want true delicious and interesting cocktails made by a true chef and delivered by staff who know the menu inside and out, I recommend you go to Toronto's true cocktail lounge Barchef (which interesting enough is right across the street). I give this place a 2/5 for the service, atmosphere, food and drinks. Overall, not impressed in the slightest.~steak 
I really wanted to like this place more And as much as I would really like to say that it was OK, which it technically was... I have experienced  better, so let's give this 2.75 rounded down.  Maybe it was the atmosphere, quiet on a week night, no great atmosphere or lively vibe, felt like there were more servers watching than serving with patrons coming in and out from time to time. There is actually a larger dining room at the end of a narrow corridor, which was.... empty.  Drinks start at $13, and they are tasty, well crafted, with much time and effort. They do not list the prices on the menu and I'm guessing the fancier ones do come at an even steeper cost. but I'm not good with names, so I wouldn't even know which ones are for the high rollers.  Their menu comes in a few categories, starting with "bite size" snacks, which 2/3 were sold out at the time. There are salads flatbreads and a few mains to add to it, and specials rhymed off by the waitor. The special was a fish (can't remember what), with apple and horseradish puree and root veg. Sounded enticing enough as the flavours seemed bold and interesting. When it came out, I must have misinterpretted that the horshradish came separately but it must have been mixed in with the apple puree, which really tasted like applesauce, no horse radish evident. The root vegetables were bright and beautiful, but it had no flavour to it. The fish was small sear, and for the same price, I had two fillets at Gusto 101. I thought it was a little too salty, and overcooked. Overall, not impressed with the price or quality.  My friends who got the carbonara with light cream sauce thought it was okay, but the portions looked a little small. The vegetarian flat bread, at first looked like sausage, but in fact wasn't and tasted nothing like I thought - much too salty than preferred.   It is always because of good company that I will stay at a sub-par restaurant for 3 hours. I wouldn't mind coming for a late night drink if other places were packed, but I felt this environment was a little too stuffy for me.  YAY to girls night :)~salads apple horseradish apple radish sausage, 
The pizza is not as bad as some people make it sound. yes its sweet and not a traditional pizza crust, but when its hot its tasty. Its not a traditional Italian pizza, but then most of the pizza you find in Cleveland is not authentic by any stretch of the imagination. Since most Clevelanders adore Pizza Hut and Papa John's chains, I can't understand why Rascal House supposedly serves such garbage? but on a more serious note, the place is not very clean. the mens room smells like a medley of bodily fluids and the tables can be greasy. I've never gotten sick from here, unlike some other pizza places in the city.~pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza 
I had always passed by Rascal house near CSU and never tried it because it looked like a typical college pizza place.   Finally, I had a chance to eat their take out pizza and turns out it is a typical college student favorite cheap pizza place with lots of coupons!   That doesn't mean it is a bad place or the food is not great. A place like this is caters to college students who have no time to cook between their hangovers and dinner dates! I have ate at places like this in my college days and suffice to say that was never about the pizza but who you shared it with!~pizza pizza pizza pizza 
I've only had Rascal House Pizza maybe three or four times since I moved to Cleveland nearly 15 years ago, and I've never had an awful experience. I genuinely like their white pizza, which we've ordered a couple times for lunch in the past two weeks. Each time the pizza tasted different. One more garlicy than the other, but still delicioso. The delivery time was pretty decent, especially since we ordered during the major lunch rush.~pizza white pizza pizza 
i was never a fan of rascal house's original pizza, but the past few fridays at work we've ordered their white pizza.  i have to say, my opinion of rascal house pizza has changed.  the white pizza is yummy.  i had two of my co-worker's mild wings last week too, and they weren't bad.    but i'll stick to my white pizza.  great garlic goodness all over the place.~pizza white pizza pizza white pizza white pizza garlic 
My favorite pizza in town! I travel to Cleveland from Los Angeles for business almost every other month, and I've tried almost all the pizza locations in town and Rascal House has the best pizza.~pizza pizza pizza 
15 dollars for a large pizza that was mediocre at best. 15 bucks. Nuff said...~pizza 
It's okay pizza. It has a great location next to campus. Pizza by the slice is $2. You really can't beat that for a quick hot lunch.~pizza pizza 
After searching for a pizza place around downtown Cleveland on Memorial day weekend, Rascal's was the only place open. I was leary after reading all of the negetive reviews, but to my surprise the food was good.   The crust on our pizza was crunchy and the garlic bread portion was larger than expected.  The delivery time was quicker than expected as well.   A good mid level pizza, I would rate it as a step above Dominoe's, Pizza Hut and the like. So if the kids want pizza this is a good choice!~pizza pizza garlic pizza pizza pizza 
I mean, when it's past midnight and you live in downtown Cleveland, who else are you gonna call for food delivery?  Besides the B- level pizzas which will do at 1AM, My favorites are the hot wings, cheeseburger, and wraps  Cookies are unbearably dry  Fries sometimes have the freezer taste~wraps cookies fries 
Good whole pizza.   Macaroni salad taste a little bit like rubber crayons.  Overall food is good.~pizza salad 
What on earth was I thinking?   I know Rascal House pizza is terrible-- weird, sweet crust reminiscent of bisquick, sweet sauce, tasteless toppings.  It was one of three places to eat on Euclid whilst I was taking my Bar Review at CSU (not as fun as it sounds-- bar exam review, not a review of bars).  The other two were an Arby's and a scary greasy spoon.  So I ended up having at Rascal House more times than I care to count.  Imagine having to study for the most important test of your life AND having to eat bad pizza along with it.  The horror.  The horror.  I've had it since then, because downtown firms always seem to order it for working lunches.  It has not improved.  So, here I am, back at CSU to take a few classes.  What to have for lunch.  I'm pretty sick of Subway.  Nothing at the school food service looks good today.  What to get?  A salad.  How hard can a salad be?  Surely Rascal House has a simple, tasty salad.  Most  pizza places do.  Swamp water.  That's what it tasted like.  The lettuce bore the unmistakeable taste of pre-cut, bagged lettuce that had been siting in the cooler for a while until someone opend it and dumped it into a container without washing it.  (I worked at a few dives to put myself through undergrad.  I know how that works.)  The carrot shreds were completly dry and had absorbed whatever scary odors were going around the cooler.  The turkey and ham were both of the ultra processed, parts-is-parts variety. there was about a tablespoon of cheese and two tiny slices of hard boiled egg.  Sad.  THEN, I had to eat it whilst listening to really bad, really loud 1980s top 40.   No Cure, no Depeche Mode.  1980s Hambone music.  I'm going out to find an insulated lunch bag.~pizza pizza salad. salad salad. pizza lettuce lettuce carrot cheese egg. 
Rascal House should give out toilet paper instead of napkins. I understand this place is for the sobriety-challenged twenty somethings, but c'mon. Two topping pizza the other night was just this side of criminal. I would have happily returned to ask for money back but-for being hand cuffed to my kohler for several hours immediately following consumption. If you're desperate, maybe. If your stoned, absolutely. If you value your digestive system, no way no how.~pizza 
Tasty pizza and friendly staff! My fiancé and I ordered two pizzas (napoletana and capriccio), one salad (rocket with pear and cheese), and one dessert (vanilla ice cream with coffee dressing). The pizzas were delicious; crispy and aromatic, thanks to the firewood, the slices are thin and savoury (a bit wet though, so you may want to fold your slices). The salad was also remarkable with fresh ingredients and lovely vinegar dressing. I love the dessert too! The coffee was of high quality and the vanilla ice cream was made from vanilla pods. I'm keen to go back again!~pizza salad ( pear cheese) ice cream coffee salad coffee ice cream 
We went today with the idea of sharing a pizza between 2, as a snack. Unfortunately the waitress told us that we couldn't share a pizza: 1 pizza per person, it's their policy. So we left. It was 5pm, the place was half empty, so we weren't occupying a space that could have been taken by another paying customer. The policy is completely illogical within the above circumstances, and for sure that's the wrong way to attract customers to a new place. I won't go back!~pizza pizza pizza 
It's a little bit hard to review pizza restaurants; if you are aiming a bit higher than Dominos and Pizza Hut and use an actual woodfire oven it's pretty hard to screw it up but it's also pretty hard to stand out.   Wildmanwood is as good as any of the pizza's I've had in the capital. I'm giving it the full 5 stars because I really liked it and I hope it does well.  I love the branding and the feel of the place. It feels modern, a bit hipster and especially in the midst of festival season it had a bit of a buzz. A lot of other pizza places go for a more rustic homely Italian feel, so I quite liked the contrast here.  It's not a huge venue and it's made up of long large tables - you will be sitting next to other dining companions. It's an informal and fun place, I'd come with some friends but it might not be ideal if you are planning an intimate romantic dinner.   The menu has a lot of good variety. A lot of other places have a lot of very similar sounding pizzas, whereas they was a good mix of tomato-based and white pizzas here with a variety of interesting toppings. I had 'The Donald' - with tallegio, cherry tomatoes, broccoli, sausage. I enjoyed it a lot and I definitely wanted to come back to try some of the other options. Washed it all down with one of my favourite beers, a Beavertown IPA. Pizzas were all around about the £10 mark.  It's reasonably priced, it's hip, it's fun, and the pizza is great. I will definitely be back.~pizza pizza pizza pizza tomato- white cherry broccoli, sausage. pizza 
Enjoyed a great dinner here with a large group the other night. Always a good sign when 8 pizzas are completely devoured by the end of the meal!  Wildmanwood offers a nice range of Neapolitan-esque pizza in modern, open dining space. They also have both vegan and vegetarian friendly menu options. I recommend the pizza that comes with grilled courgette, pepper and goats cheese. I was excited to hear about the prosecco on tap, but I thought the price was a little high for the size of the glass. I opted for the Tempranillo instead which was lovely. For the quality of the pizza, I think the prices are fair, and the service was friendly and attentive. I think it's a great location, being so close to the university, and I hope the new restaurant does well!~pizza pizza cheese. pizza 
I almost got sick on all of the chocolate coffee beans in this place, they are so good.  I sat outside and had a great conversation about the direction music is taking in this day in age.  If you don't follow a formula it seems that you can't get a record contract, even in the indie scene.  As you can tell, I thoroughly enjoyed the crowd here.    Inside there is a bar opposite the coffee line with Creative Loafing and other local newspapers to read, as well as chocolate coffee beans in little quarter machines.  Don't mix these with a strong cup of coffee or you will be jumping off the walls.~coffee coffee coffee coffee 
I wrote a book at Coffeeworks, or at least a good chunk of one. It's a great place to hang out and work. I usually hang out here on Saturdays before a standing 6:00 date, so I know the place well.  Sometimes, there are lots of angsty, purple-haired teens hanging around the place, and occasionally there have been old farty-types arguing loudly about politics...but other than the sometimes unpleasant noise, it tends to be a pretty laid-back shop.   Their smoothies are delicious, and the coffee is good. I agree with Garrett G that the chocolate coffee beans are indeed delicious and sickening. The music is just loud enough to hear, but not so loud that you can't think.  They have a decent selection of things to eat. It's not a place for lunch or anything, but they have the standard coffee-shop style foods you'd expect...biscotti (Try the grasshopper mint!) and muffins and scones and other pastries.~date, smoothies coffee coffee coffee- pastries. 
We LOVE CoffeeWorks - they roast their own beans at a warehouse in Matthews and have a terrific selection of different roasts.  They also have a frequent buyers club so you can get a free lb of coffee after making x number of purchases.   Most of the people who work here are pretty educated about the various roasts and most are very helpful.  2011 Update -- Sadly, this is now closed. I understand they are still roasting coffeebeans at their warehouse in Matthews. I have heard that the Ben & Jerry's in the Arbo is selling CoffeeWorks coffee.~coffee coffee. 
We popped into CoffeeWorks on a dreary, overcast day and were greeted by a friendly woman behind the counter.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had flavored coffee!   Other than my favorite coffee chain (Barnie's Coffee, which is slowly closing each and every store), nobody seems to offer flavored coffee.  Unless you go to a convenience store attached to a gas station (what's up with that anyway?).  Starbucks and Caribou only offer different coffees like dark or light roast.  Nothing else.  I only wished that CoffeeWorks had more than one flavored coffee available for the day.  I saw a wall of glass jars full of many, many flavors for coffee that they sell by the bag.  The coffee sizes were reasonably priced, too.  My only suggestions for them would be to (1) create a more relaxed seating area indoors other than basic tables and (2) switch to something besides the environment unfriendly styrofoam cups.  Otherwise, keep up the great work (and flavored coffees!); we'll be back!~coffee! coffee coffee, coffee. coffee coffee coffee 
Really good coffee--get it in a mug to drink there. Small enough to listen to other people's conversations, if you like that sort of thing. Lovely aroma.   Decent atmosphere. Bit drafty on a cold day (door would kind of blow open, if I recall correctly), so I usually kept my jacket on when I went.  Lots of people meeting friends or working on laptops. Wifi available.   Here's my tiny beef with them:  I went there as someone freshly moved into the city, after a grueling four-day trip through the snow over Christmas break with 4 kids, 3 pets, and 2 vehicles.   I really would have loved a friendly face who remembered me and made me feel like the frequent customer I was for a week or two. I mean, I was there on almost a daily basis, since our moving truck (with my coffee maker hidden WAY in the back under EVERYTHING) had not arrived.    They just weren't feeling chatty, I guess.   Still, the coffee was great.  Parking sometimes hard to find nearby.   So, go have some wonderful coffee in a warm mug. Bring a friend. :-)~coffee-- beef coffee coffee coffee 
Small area.  Drab atmosphere.  Very dark inside.  Hard place to have a private conversation.  The coffee is great though. So get the coffee and go elsewhere.~coffee coffee 
OUT OF BUSINESS.  Ben & Jerry's next door is selling Coffeeworks coffee, as of feb. 2011.~coffee, 
This is your basic college coffee shop.  They had pretty good iced coffee and the atmosphere was nice, but it wasn't anything I hadn't seen before.  It's just your basic hang out spot for some people watching or catching up with friends.~coffee coffee 
The Potterrow shop can be found within the University of Edinburgh's Potterrow building.  It is essentially for the use of the students, and comes with all of the student essentials - stationery, food and drink, newspapers and magazines, as well as a large range of university-branded gifts.  Some of the best things about this shops are its deals.  The student deals here are great - one example is the £3 meal deal that includes a sandwich, crisps and drink.  It tends to be the place where I get my stationery from, purely because of its convenient location in the heart of the university campus.  If you need a new biro, or fancy sporting some university clothing, then visit the Potterrow shop - more or less a one-stop shop.~sandwich, 
Inside the glorious student union of Potterrow is the EUSA student shop. This EUSA shop is the biggest of all EUSA shops and not surprisingly the most popular. During term time, this shop is mobbed when lunch time comes along!   If you want to pick up a quick sandwich and a drink then Potterrow stores a vast range of sandwiches, wraps and ginsters pastries! With great deals on every week, students can save a lot of money coming here for lunch rather than going somewhere else. And what I love about it is that it must stock the biggest variety of flapjacks I have ever seen in a shop!   Apart from the food and drink, newspapers and a wide selection of stationary products are available, with great deals on pads of paper (essential for any eager student!). If you're however, even eager to be the complete student then a wide range of Edinburgh University branded clothing is just waiting to be bought by you! Come on, you know you want to buy that school scarf or Uni hoody!~sandwich wraps pastries! 
I always feel the need to look around me when I get in and out of my car here, even in broad daylight. I don't know what it is about this intersection, but the amount of guys who look like K-Fed before he became K-Fat, trying to holla right at the doors of this place, is both strong and unsettling.   This store is dingy looking and has the nastiest smell of dried spit when you walk in. It's just gross. I wish this place would just have a quick power wash and this place would be good to go.  Selection is okay. Don't expect slushie type drinks of any kind. Coffee drinks are cheap and prices aren't too terrible, but eh, I really don't like stopping in here.~coffee 
We went here on vacation. The hotel concierge said the food would be good, not a party in your mouth (his actual words). It was close to the hotel. The food was ok Italian, not great but ok. The service was very slow on a slow business night. We decided to have dessert, a shot of Frangelico and coffee. First the alcohol was wrong Limoncello. Big difference on all counts. They fixed that. The dessert was good. The coffee was so bad we couldn't drink it. Not the way you want a meal to end.  I wouldn't go back there when there are better choices.~coffee. coffee 
Although The food took lilke 30 mins to get to us, it was amazing! I ordered the chicken with some pasta and it was delicious! Love this place ;)~chicken pasta 
We went there to celebrate a colleague's thesis defense and we were around 10 people. The food was plentiful and delightful. Most of us ordered the table d'hôte (in some of the several different options) and we all ended up being quite full. Pretty good wine as well!  The waiters are very polite and trilingual, and they gave us bread at the beginning and fruit at the end. As it is usual in restaurants of this caliber, they made sure we had Parmesan and pepper at will.  I ordered an Osso Bucco and some of my friends were quite jealous. Unfortunately, I forgot to take a picture, but I can attach my friends succulent Smoked Salmon Salad.~smoked salmon 
Along with the complimentary bread, you get a nice bruschetta.  The menu has a nice selection of lamb, poultry, seafood, veal, and pasta dishes  I tried the gamberi provenciale.  The large shrimp were sauteed in a lemon, butter, herb, and garlic sauce.  It came with vegetable and rice side dishes.~lamb, pasta shrimp lemon, butter, garlic 
My husband and I took our two kids here for dinner. The bread and bruschetta while we were waiting were delicious. There was no kids menu but the staff were very accommodating in serving half portions for them. The staff were very friendly and answered a number of questions about the menu, both in French and English. The pasta was fresh and delicious, and both the stuffed veal and the chicken Marsala were great. The portions were large and we all left full and satisfied. We also loved the house white wine.~pasta chicken white 
Went here on the recommendation of our hotel. From the outside, it's very unassuming - it's on the ground floor corner of a corporate building. Inside, it looks like a cute Italian restaurant. We went a little late so it wasn't too busy. Went with my wife and 2 teen kids. In short, the service was excellent - the waiters were clearly trilingual and they treated us like we were in their home. We all order an entree.  But first there was the bread.  Expected and good.  Unexpected was the complimentary bruschetta that was clearly recently made. The entrees were good.  A bit heavy on the salt, but all very flavorful.  The linguine was in red clam sauce on the menu, but they were happy to change it to white sauce.  It was huge and very tasty.  I had the penne romanoff which was basically ala vodka. We also had the chicken marsala and the fettucine caprese.  Everything is what you'd expect as textbook Italian food.  Afterwards, since we ate everything we got, we declined dessert. But, they gave us complimentary fruit and nuts in the shell - had fun cracking open a few.  All in all, a solid Italian eatery in Montreal.~white chicken 
This restaurant is rather delightful. While there seemed to be some backlog at the entryway, the general decor and ambiance makes this establishment feel classy. The tables are done well, the waiters (I decline to use the word 'servers' here on purpose) are attentive, and cooperative - this translates to better table side service. The wine menu is pleasant, and they serve free bruschetta. Their bread is also really soft, and served warm - pretty decent table balsamic vinegar. We both ordered pasta, and again, while the service time was a bit long (20 mins for a main dish), we were distracted by the appetizers. The restaurant also delivers on menu ingredients as listed for the dishes (lots of clams, bacon/ham, mushrooms, etc - none of the pretentiousness followed by a paltry portion). The dessert is accompanied with fruit and other sundries. No returned dishes, and well informed staff. In all, it was a great experience. For as large and well maintained an area, it was largely empty for a late Friday night dinner, but at about $50/person, the service is rather impeccable!~pasta, appetizers. mushrooms, 
Our hotel recommended this as a good restaurant to go to with kids. Wow. We were certainly surprised when we arrived with our kids to dirty looks from most. We asked how long the wait would be and the man said at least 45 minutes but no promises, it could be much longer. Since we didn't know where else to go in the city and had trekked all the way there with our three kids we said we would wait. I guess they realized they were not getting rid of us that easily and miraculously 5 minutes later there was a table for us.   The waiter was much nicer and accommodating to our family. He split a dish on to two plates for our kids and put tomato sauce on the side as requested by them. My steak was mediocre. For the size of the steak, about half of it was fat. I would have been more impressed with a small piece of quality steak rather than a gigantic one that you couldn't eat a lot of.   All in all, I would not recommend this to families unless you have teenagers that will quietly sit and eat dinner. Our small children are very used to eating out and traveling and were well behaved at this meal and we still very much felt out of place in this restaurant. We felt rushed to leave and unsatisfied after the meal. Disappointed in this Montreal dining experience.~tomato steak steak, steak 
I went to Afghan Village today at lunch, and I was pleasantly surprised by my experience.  The menu is clearly displayed above the counter, although they have a few more dishes on their takeaway menu if nothing above stands out for you. I ordered a Wazeeri Kabob Dinner.  The food took some time to prepare; maybe ten minutes, wasn't timing it. I imagine they do not do a lot of pre-cooking. I don't mind that at all, but don't expect fast-food service times. As long as the food is good, I think the preparation time was reasonable.  What I got was a fair size salad, which tasted fresh and clean, and I enjoyed. The rice was a sort of pilaf with raisins and cooked shredded carrots, which was fine. I'm not keen on cooked raisins in rice, but it's definitely something lots of people enjoy, so I'll withhold my judgement.  The chicken kabob was the star of the plate. Chicken kabobs are usually cooked to death, dry and unappetizing. This kabob managed to be moist without being undercooked, with slight charring on the corners (pleasantly so). Both kabobs were spiced enough to be interesting without being so spicy that you couldn't really taste the meat. The shami kabob was a nice beef kabob as well, although the chicken kabob really stood out for me.  I also had three pieces of their afghani naan in a little basket. Their naan is clearly popular, I've seen lots of people leaving their attached bakery with armloads of naan bread. I like it well enough, it's hearty, tastes like whole wheat, and well-cooked, but given the choice I'd probably be happier with white puffy indian-style naan. Still, it's good.  It was a bit too much food for me, and I'm a reasonably big eater. I didn't have any trouble finishing it, but it was more than I needed for lunch. The next time around, I'll probably skip the rice, because it was my least favorite part of the meal anyway.  The service was solid, although unexceptional.  I went to Afghan Village once in their older location in the same mall, and it didn't really stand out for me. This visit was something else entirely. I can see from the other reviews that some other people had less pleasing experiences than I did, and I haven't been there often enough to know which experience is more common. However, I will definitely be returning, and perhaps after a few more visits, I'll be able to speak to their consistency.~kabob salad, chicken kabob chicken kabobs kabob kabobs kabob beef kabob chicken kabob wheat, white 
The shawarma deal looked enticing - 2 for $6.99 but I'd definitely pass next time. They  weren't grilled and kind of soggy. You only have the option of chicken and even then, I didn't really enjoy it. The decor isn't anything to write home about.   The debit machine only works with their phone isn't in use - odd. So we had to wait until their phone was free to put our order in. I'll try it again though, since the skewer platters look pretty yummy! I love my Afghan food!~chicken 
I was in the Eglinton and Don Mills area late last night and my friend and I wanted something simple and healthy, so we decided to try Afghan Village.    We both ordered the Chicken Breast Kabob dinner with rice, salad and naan bread ($9.99). The rice had raisin and shaved carrots in it and it was pretty good, not too dry or overly moist. The salad was somewhat disappointing, didn't seem fresh and really soggy. The main highlight was the chicken breast kabob which was outstanding, perfectly seasoned and flavoured, and very tender. The whole wheat naan bread was lightly toasted and pretty fresh for that time of night.  The only slightly negative part of the experience was the service, the cashier seemed slightly  confused taking basic orders and when she brought out things like the salad first, she only brought one and had to be reminded that there were two orders.~chicken kabob salad raisin salad chicken kabob wheat salad 
Two years after reading a review in the Toronto Star about Afghan Village Restaurant, I finally made it to Don Mills and Eglinton to give it a shot. It was awesome. Three of us went for dinner a couple days ago and we all left stuffed, satisfied and excited to return. The menu is predominately kabobs, meat, and I saw one lamb curry on the back page.   Two of us sampled the chicken kabob dish and the third person a chicken and beef kabob platter. The meat was succulent, spiced well and flavourful. The dish came with rice that had shaved carrots and raisins which was tasty , a side of salad and amazing nan.   I noticed people kept coming in the restaurant while we were waiting for our food and leaving with bags of nan to go. The nan at Afghan Village is not like Indian nan, it's whole wheat, a big long oval shape and doughy. Very tasty with our starter (can't remember the name). Although we couldn't breathe we were so stuffed, we had tea and sampled their baklava (a lighter, not overly sweet baklava). I would 100% return for dinner to Afghan village. While the decor is nothing to write home about, the wait staff were really friendly and explained dishes and took an interest that we were in the restaurant.   On a side note, the restaurant has a small "retail" store at the front by the door that carries food products, desserts, nuts and tea from Afghanistan.  Cool place.   http://www.thestar.com/article/307071~kabobs, lamb chicken kabob chicken beef kabob salad wheat, tea tea 
This place has a great moody atmosphere, friendly staff, and great food. I had Setu's Favorite which is a Pizza dish with pancetta, shaved garlic, baby clams, and roasted onions. It was delicious! I also had an order of Japanese Pretzel Sticks which come in a shot glass of chili oil. Great for $1.50. I also received a roll of smarties with the check.   However, the staff was the best part about this place. They were all extremely helpful and genuinely care about your experience there. I can see myself eating here often. This isn't your average pizza joint, it's definitely an innovative step in the right direction.~pizza garlic, pizza 
Zen like pizza, never knew it would have clams on it! I came in to check out the joint after receiving my local magazine about my area. Initially I was drawn to the idea being a Buddhist myself but also the name just seemed cute. Upon entering, the owner told us he hadn't seen us in ages, which was funny to me since it was our first meeting.  The decor is a wide mix of Asian cultures, Japanese, Chinese, Indian, so you almost feel as though its going to be a fusion type of pizza you are going to get. You would be very wrong. For an appetizer we had the pb egg rolls. It was a nice concept and it tasted great. Only complaints is it didn't have enough spinach inside and it only came with three!  For the Pizza we ordered Setu's Favorite which is a Pizza dish with pancetta, shaved garlic, baby clams, and roasted onions. It was so good~ I didn't expect all the ingredients to blend as well as they did. A big plus to it too is it was crispy and there was zero grease stains in the pizza.  Come down and try this, maybe you can reach Nirvana.~pizza pizza egg spinach pizza pizza garlic, pizza 
From the friendly Buddhist statements on the walls, to the 2 dollar draft beers, to the flash fried half chicken appetizer, to the magnificent crust on the pizza, this place ROCKS.  Hell, they even play rock and roll in the background, so it really rocks!  Outstanding service, fabulous food, unique atmosphere (and did I mention) 2 dollar beer!  I am working my way through the entire menu in multiple visits and  each time is better than the last.  This is truly a one-of -a kind pizza joint!  At the end of your meal they give you a little "wish book" to write a wish upon and you tear the page out and roll it up and stick it in a large sealed jar at the front.  I happened to glance over to see what my nine-year old son wrote for his wish.  It was "I wish for a Unicorn". My wish is to get back there in the near future (maybe even tonight) and have another astoundingly excellent meal.  GO Pizza Buddha!~chicken pizza pizza pizza 
I love this place and wish them the best! We ordered the mo Thai and it was absolutely fabulous. Love the decor and really nice people. Will definitely be back for round 2 very soon.~thai 
Tried Pizza Buddha yesterday, $2 draft beers were a nice starter, I went for the pizza but ended up getting the roasted and flash fried chicken instead, Outstanding, the flavors were enormous, I tried but did not use the creamy garlic dip that came with it, not needed, you simply cannot make this dish any tastier, the celery slaw that came with it also was excellent and a nice crunchy partner for the chicken. My wife loved her pizza as did I, the crust was perfect, delicious, and they only use the best cheese around to make their pizzas perfect, alot of care and thought at this place, she only had the pepperoni as she is a might picky, but the pizza still exceded our expectations, cant wait to go back and try the clam pizza, and the calamari...~pizza pizza fried chicken 
My fiancé and I drove by this new place and the smell was amazing, so we decided to give it a try for dinner. I don't usually eat pizza, but he considers himself a connoisseur.  We ordered the "papa Krakatoa" (their hawaiian style) to take home and we were able to have a glass of wine and a beer while we waited. The employees were very accomodating and our pizza was ready quickly. I was shocked when I tried the pizza- I haven't had something this delicious since I moved from back east. The quality of the ingredients and the seasoning were awesome. We definitely recommend this new spot and will be returning!~pizza pizza 
I've ordered pizza take out twice from this very hip place.  Both times I was quite impressed.  Every bite is full of flavor- you can quickly discern that they use the best quality ingredients.  Somehow they are able to get the toppings on the pizza so you get every topping with each bite, however they don't overload it so the pizza is weighted down with toppings.  The crust is thin and pretty good-I like mine crispy and crunchy and theirs could be a bit more crunchy for my taste.  I ordered a sausage and cheese pizza and their version of Hawaiian, both of which are excellent.  The Hawaiian has roasted pineapple, sliced red jalapeño(not too spicy), and their delicious crispy pancetta .  Their sausage is super tasty- they use some excellent quality sausage with fantastic flavor,  they crumble it perfectly so every bite has sausage but not too much.  Great pizza. I also ordered a pizza that has marinated cherry tomatoes, artichoke hearts,  and basil.  Scrumptious and delicious.   These guys have a great formula.  Definitely a winner.  I would rate the pizzas I've had 9.4 out of 10.   I'm ready to go back.~pizza pizza pizza sausage cheese pizza pineapple, sausage sausage sausage pizza pizza cherry artichoke 
I love the forward facing kitchen as you walk in the door.  The atmosphere is zen-like and comfortable.  Staff is friendly and knowlegeable.  Chef made the rounds at lunch checking on everyone.  The"Open Sesame" Chicken Salad is light, tasty, and the perfect lunch portion or shareable.  We shared and enjoyed the ho-tai pizza with delicious artichoke hearts, cherry tomatoes, spinach, garlic and olive oil.  Simply delicious!!  Give it a try.~chicken salad pizza artichoke cherry spinach, garlic olive 
Good karma fills the air here at Pizza Buddha, it's the newest pizza place located in the Carnegie Center strip mall along Horizon Ridge. The focus is on a "zen relaxed" atmosphere, with brick oven pizza and nuances of Asian cuisine (mostly the sides) peppering the menu.   Atmosphere/Ambiance A - It's trendy casual. Interior is Asian themed with splashes of Asian art on the walls and ceiling. (Love the dragon painted beam) The dining area is small 5 tables of two on each side. You can easily rearrange seating for 2 or more. The middle there's a longer high top table for larger parties. There is also seating in the small bar area at back of restaurant. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed, Easy Rock tunes (Brown Eyed Girl) was playing in the background.  No TV's though. Still it's a nice place for lunch or stop by after work and chill in the small bar area kind of joint.    Food B++ -  Now take into account I'm not a big fan of pizza lately. If you ever notice my pix at pizza places I dine at, I order everything but pizza most of the time...lol. But  for first visit sake I had some here.  All the pizzas are themed with Asian names, but toppings are just your average pizza toppings. I had the Ho-Tai(The Happy Buddha)  which was artichoke hearts, spinach, cherry tomatoes, garlic and olive oil. The crust was baked perfect, NY style, not super thin crust though. The ingredients fresh and good quality. The sauce was evenly distributed on pizza. It didn't overpower the cheese and veggies. I enjoyed the pizza.  It made me happy.      I also had the chicken salad. Thin strips of tender white chicken and napa cabbage,and rice noodles, the vinaigrette used was perfect for me, just slightly sweet and not too tangy and evenly tossed in the salad. I will most likely come here just to have this salad for lunch next time.  Along with the Japanese pretzel sticks.  Those were different. Tiny pretzel sticks with garlic infused chili oil to dip.    Prices are in the moderate range, I didn't see any lunch hour or happy hour specials.    Service A+ - Friendly and efficient. For being open just a few days, service far out exceeded my expectations.  My server was knowledgeable about menu items and was able to answer my questions. The owner Mark also came by and followed up and chatted with me. He takes great pride and rightfully so with his new place.  Loves everything about Hawaii and the shave ice served here is inspired by Matsumoto's.  It's not quite like shave ice from the 808, but nice attempt with the Azuki (sweet red beans) and vanilla ice cream.  The other fun touches....The Wish Book! When you are presented with your check at the end, you get a Smartie candy and a little booklet where you get to write your wish and insert it in the wish keeper that's displayed in the middle of dining area. My wish didn't really come true this time around, a 49er win..ha! I had a nice dining experience though, that's what counts.~pizza pizza pizza brown pizza pizza pizza pizza artichoke spinach, cherry garlic olive pizza cheese pizza chicken salad. white chicken napa cabbage 
Closed after less than 2 months.  The pizza was okay for Las Vegas but I miss Three Brothers which was in the same location 3 years ago.~pizza 
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth." - Buddha  The truth about Pizza Buddha?  It's a new pizza joint that opened last month in Henderson and I love it!  It's not a very big place, but it packs a lot of punch, just like Pacquiao (except he got knocked out decisively after dinner, but I digress).  Before the Big Fight, my friend and I had dinner at PB and thoroughly enjoyed our first visit.  I say first because we'll definitely be back.  The name of the restaurant may lead one to believe that they serve some kind of weird Asian pizza combinations, but it's not like that, my friends.  There exists a Buddhist theme to the place, from the Asian decor to the names of the menu items, but the specialty pizzas are creative, not Asian, per se.  My date and I chose to create our own and settled on a large mushroom, pancetta, and shaved garlic pizza.  We ordered the PB Egg Rolls appetizer to start, which were 3 large egg rolls filled with ricotta and spinach.  Served steaming hot with a side of marinara sauce, they were tasty and I told our waiter he should have brought us 4 so we didn't have to split the 3rd one.  Our pizza arrived not too long after and we both agreed it was Buddha-licious, not greasy at all with a good-karma inducing crust and soul-soothing sauce.  I had two slices because I wanted to leave room for the dessert, shaved ice with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, azuki beans, and your choice of root beer, orange, or cherry flavor.  We chose the root beer and this would be my only gripe about the evening:  there was not enough root beer for all the shaved ice, as more than half of it was just ice with none of the root beer.  Don't order the dessert expecting Snow Ono-quality.  Our bill was served with Smarties candy and a Wish book for each of us to write down a wish and place it in the Wish Maker near the entrance.  Our waiter was fantastic, helpful in terms of the menu and attentive throughout the entire meal, genuinely positive and friendly.  My wish for you is that you get yourself to Pizza Buddha and enjoy the experience as we did.  Peace out.~pizza pizza pizza date mushroom, garlic pizza egg egg spinach. pizza ice cream, cherry pizza 
Yay! Have a great new place in the neighborhood!   Went last night with friends for dinner, who tried it out earlier this week.   Great variety of appetizers that you wouldn't find in your typical pizza place, or  chinese restaurant. Nope, these were unique combinations of cheese, meat or vegetables that are an explosion of flavor.   We had the mozzarella squares & mushroom sliders for appetizers.  The mozzarella was topped with pesto sauce and tomatoes. Great flavor, however it was served warm to cold, not hot. Now to the mushroom sliders, one of the best appetizers I have ever had.. Portabello mushroom grilled and topped with pickled vegetables and an asian sweet sauce served on a soft bun. 2 per order.. They should do 3 or 4 with a side and serve it as an entree... So good..you want more..   We ordered a cheese pizza for the kids and a pepperoni & sausage for the adults.  Thin crust pizza with a tasty tomato sauce, cheese, sausage and I like the way they do the pepperoni, its in thin strips and not cut in circles. Both delicious  The combinations of the specialty pizzas sounded great, and I can't wait to try one on my next visit.   The staff is friendly, atmosphere is nice. Definitely recommend!~appetizers pizza cheese, mozzarella mushroom appetizers. mozzarella mushroom appetizers mushroom cheese pizza pepperoni & sausage pizza tomato cheese, sausage pepperoni, 
Snap, so you want to be an organic grower.  I'm a private gardner. I specialize in peppers, tomatoes, beans, onions, mint. A variety of herbs. I call this a healing garden. I cultivate. Being able to resurrect heirloom vegetables is not only trending but it's being part of the greater interest in growing and eating locally grown foods that are revolutionizing our culinary scene. Many local restaurants are buying farmers market produce.   The real secret to growing is water and living earth. This should not be confused with hose water and dirt. Learning about modern growing techniques such as brewing tea, Alaskan compost, guano, microorganisms in the living soil and amendments will give you bigger and healthier yields.  Stop in for a class with Brian or Nick.~tea, 
If you are willing to drop some $$$ for an amazing burger, this is the place for you.  Oh Boy has definitely raised the bar in the burger market for Toronto. The selection is great and the ambience is pretty cool. You can't go wrong with free refills on soft drinks either!  Awesome Juicy burgers and great crispy fries. I must admit that I recently tried the poutine and have to say that I was not all that impressed but aside from that, I am a huge fan of this place.~burger, burger burgers fries. 
An enjoyable experience!  I just wanted a burger.  And a beer.  And McDonalds doesn't serve both ;)  I immediately liked the decor and ambiance at Oh Burger, and as a party of two we seated ourselves at a little table to the left of the bar.  The restaurant was not incredibly busy but busy enough that most tables and a few bar stools were accounted for.   The waitress was very friendly, our order was taken and the drinks arrived quickly.  Our food was delivered by a very personable man whom we assumed was the manager.  I had the 8oz bison burger with mushrooms, a side of fries and Sapporo (a damn good Japanese beer!). I have to admit it wasn't the greatest burger that I've ever had, but what I really appreciated was that it was not dripping with grease and the toppings were fresh and delicious.  The. Fries. Were. Awesome.  For a quick bite, I'd go back any time.~burger. burger, burger mushrooms, fries burger fries. 
The best way to test a place like this is to go during the weekday lunch hour.  Which is what I did.  There was about 12ppl waiting to order and 7ppl waiting for their food.  The grill guy seemed flustered and the guy adding toppings and condiments was loudly calling out people's names.  Overall it took almost 20min to get my food.    I ordered the classic w/ cheese combo w/ fries.  I found the burger to be a bit dry and chewy.  Definitely not juicy. The fries were soggy - they were definitely not fresh from the fryer.  The onion rings were just the way I like - battered not breaded and super crispy.  Overall it was just so-so.  Better than Craft Burger but not much better.  And its pricey too!  Would I go back?  Probably not.~cheese fries. burger fries onion rings burger 
I finally had the good fortune to walk past Oh Boy yesterday and so I decided to grab some lunch. It had such a clean, welcoming atmosphere and everyone who worked there was superb.   I got the hot dog and fries... The fries are real potatoes (rare!) and even the hot dog tasted delish. The prices were reasonable and I was so excited to find out that they are open really late for those post bar cravings. I can't wait to go back and try the poutine! (I need to pace myself though post Christmas)  Definitely if you are in the area or craving something deliciously cheap, you should saunter on over to Oh boy Burger Market!~hot dog fries... fries potatoes ( hot dog burger 
With such a disparity in the reviews here, I had to check things out. Meh. It was okay.   The atmosphere was great, and they had a good selection of beers available.  The food though was only so-so. Burgers:  We had the mini burgers, which were fresh and tasty with real cheddar cheese.  The side of garlic mayo was very delicious. The Poutine: Fries...not as hot as I would have liked, but the gravy was okay.  I doubt the curds were really curds, but more likely mozzarella chunks.  Which is okay too I guess.  Poutine, 2 mini burgs, 2 Mill Streets = 24 bucks.  I dunno....its a good place to go with friends to sit down and drink and eat, but Craft Burger just has more flavour, and would still be my first choice.~burgers: burgers, cheese. garlic fries... mozzarella burger 
went with a friend a few days ago, definitely a lot more impressive than the first time around when I got takeout (obviously just worked out the kinks).  the back room is hella impressive (check the photo of the bar) and they have a jukebox machine that plays music videos throughout the bar (as a musicvideo junkie this is more than impressive). my roomate told me the owner got him and a bunch of friends drunk one night, I guess this happens a lot because we did free shots with our hot waitress (Monday at 7pm).   lotta beers on tap, this is definitely the kind of place to meet up weekend late night with some hungry friends and chow down/get hammered ($11 pitchers). apparently they're starting to do live music too.  I got the hogtown (two kindsa bacon), friend got the spicy one (jalapeños n bbq sauce). he liked his better than craft burger (my go to comparison), I didn't (but not by much). like some of yours, mine was a bit dry, and the craft bun is better. oh boy has more toppings/options and the fries/rings are better.  def going to do craft for takeout and this place for sit down eats, it's dangerous living between these places.~bacon) burger ( 
Oh Boy Burger is oh no closing down. I've been to this burger joint a few times and not going to lie, it's a solid choice.  They started off strong amongst the slowly crowding burger scene in Toronto and kinda died off. I'm not sure if it's simply the sheer number of new places always popping up or if quality has gone down since the doors first opened.  From the few times I've been, they have been pretty consistent.  I mean their burgers have never been the best as they would have liked to proclaim or the early reviewers would have suggested.  On this occasion I dropped by Oh Boy with Angela for lunch. I ended up ordering the cheese burger combo for just 9.95. I upgraded and got the sweet potato fries and onion rings with an iced tea. I topped it with the traditional toppings with ketchup and mayo. Angela got a Hawaiian burger with an iced tea.  She also opted for the traditional toppings with ketchup.  Now the burger is a solid burger. It's meaty and has a decent flavour to it. I like how it's not overly done so the moisture is still there. The amount of fries and onion rings were huge. I mean I love the portion sizes at oh boy. I come here knowing I'll be hitting a food coma when I'm done.  The sides weren't as strong as it has been in the past.  The crispiness wasn't there for the sweet potato fries and the onion rings were a little worse than their usual.  So definitely a little disappointing and I can see why there's a drop from their initial launch.  Angela liked her burger and like me, felt it was a solid all around burger.  I guess for the both of us it was disappointing to see oh boy go. The place was pretty much a pub which specialized in serving burgers.  They had the bar at the back with flat screens but I guess it just didn't work out in the end.  Overall, I liked oh boy. It's nothing out of the extraordinary, but sometimes all you want is a familiar taste at pretty reasonable prices. I'm a huge believer of leaving a restaurant full. Love that satisfying feeling and knowing that I got a good bang for my buck.  With it closing, I can only hope for another burger joint to take its place.  A place that will also provide a similar feel and bang for my buck. Thank you oh boy, I have always left needing to past out sooner than I think.~burger burger burger burgers cheese burger 
I spend most of my days in this neighbourhood and have never seen this restaurant - in fact I think it puts on an invisible blanket when I pass by everyday to and fro work - cuz like I said, I've NEVER seen or heard of it.  It was a  cold night though (my new venturing always seems to happen on cold days) and though I was weary about the fact that there was only a big man sitting in the booth looking outwards and nobody else in the restaurant - I went in for some good ol' pub food.  I had a milkshake and Chorico Burger with poutine as a side(can you believe that?!!), which came to about $15.  When the milkshake came, I thought , well that's about what it's worth - it turns out there was not enough of the shake, I found myself rationing it so it will last longer. It was GREAT....it wasn't orgasmic, but it was pretty close.  Then our waitress brought us our sides - in a bowl by itself - and I thought OMG if this is the size of "sides" I scared about size for meals -  the portions were ENORMOUS for a side - it was more of a meal. The food came, and it filled the whole table - I barely managed to finish my delicious burger (which I sort of forced to eat by the end, cuz I wasn't leaving none behind) and took my untouched poutine to go. I believe this is the only time I felt like I was paying too little for the food I was getting - the proportions were like Chinese restaurant proportions - you get $2 worth of food for $1.  I highly recommend it, particularly on those days when you and your crew are donkey broke, you can certainly visit this place and have enough delicious food for all of you  for less.~milkshake burger milkshake burger ( 
Oh Boy! Let me start by saying that I mean this not in the way a child expresses delight at finding a much wanted toy under the Christmas tree, but more in fact the shock of seeing a train wreck unfold before your eyes...  Upon entering, one sign told us to go order at the counter which we attmpted only to be redirected to be served at the back of the restaurant. In the interest of speed, my dining companion and I chose the bar to look forwad to our first foray into what was surely to be one of Toronto's finest burger experiences.  We tried to order a couple of beer, only to be told by our self admittedly hung over waitress that they were "mostly out".  We were offered (for free to be fair), the dregs of a keg, and subsequently switched to one of the few beers they had left.  Recommendations were sought from our server - you know for an empty restaurant, she was sure a long time between visits.  I chose the highly recommended three cheese burger, while my companion chose a pure offering, one with fries, one with rings.  The burgers arrived (eventually) with no discussion about how they should be cooked at all...  My process cheese crusted to the top of a greasy, tateless, salt lick accompanied by freezer burnt greasy onion rings was difficult to stomach and required additional beer to get it down.  The natural burger was equally disappointing, and the french fries, soggy and over salted.  There's really not much point in pining on about the other shortcomings.  As we left with our stomachs wanting, our wallets emptier than they should have been, and considerably more time elapsed than reasonable, we couldn't help but wonder: On what day did God create Oh Boy Burger Market, and couldn't he have rested that day too?~burger cheese burger 
The burgers were decent, not amazing. What really turned me off was the horrible service.   My boyfriend and I were seated in a booth across from the bar on a Sunday night. The restaurant was fairly slow. The waitress said she would be right back to take our orders.   Well, she walked by 6 or 7 times over the next 15 minutes making eye contact but otherwise completely ignoring us. The bartender was chatting with another employee and didn't notice we had not been served.   Finally my boyfriend went up and placed our order at the take-out counter. The employee there apologized and said she would bring us our orders. The orders came but we had to flag her down again to ask for cutlery and napkins.   The food was nothing special, and being ignored (especially in a young restaurant that only opened 2-3 months ago) was not impressive. If they don't focus more on service for their eat in customers they might soon find they don't have any.  I don't recommend this place and will not be returning.~burgers 
We've been eying this place often since it opened, since we walk past it on our way home. Tonight we got around to checking it out, looking for a quick and tasty burger before tending to other tasks of our evening.  Arrived just after 7pm on a Friday night and it was mostly empty. A movie was being filmed across the street so we were happy to sit in the open storefront and watch the goings-on on Queen St and see snow arrive to try and turn a hot and muggy Sept evening into a winter scene (good luck folks). By 7:30 all we have is our drinks. Around 7:40 the onion rings arrive which are tasty and finished quickly. At 8pm we tell them we're out of time and are asked only to pay for the one beer we had. We leave, not having tried the burgers. Why does it take 45 minutes for an empty restaurant to make 2 burgers?  I guess we'll never know if the food is any good, but one thing's for sure - plan a long visit and go with low expectations on service.~burger onion rings burgers. burgers? 
So, after a serious craving for RED MEAT, my boyfriend & i decided to try this new joint. Living on King St W has his benefits, and usually a burger craving would send us to Craft Burger, good 'ol faithful -- but tonight, we strayed. With great regret ...  It's 7pm.  Thursday evening. Even though we'd checked this site for reviews (which were scattered at best) we thought we'd give it a go. Mid week, later in the evening. Give it the benefit of the doubt.  The place was still busy.  But really, just full of a few people sitting-in to eat. We drove there, to check the place out, and place our take-out order in person - less chance of error ... riiiiiiiiight?!?   The 2 guys behind the counter were talking a lot of sh*it ... which we noticed right off when we walked in. They weren't young, but they were extremely 'young' acting, and immature.  We kinda knew what we were in for, but decided to continue in ..    The 'girl behind the cash' was a mid-aged-overly-made-up blonde girl, who looked lovely, but didn't have much rattling around in her head.  We placed our orderr: a little oh boy combo (there version of 2 sliders & 1 side (fries) & drink) and a Hog Town Combo (w/fries) and a single order of Onion Rings.    So, as we're waiting, we watch these 2 guys (I'll call them Griller #1 & Griller #2) huddled behind a very very small work space & exposed grill, that's publically displayed, so we can watch the exciting grilling action - kinda cool, right?  No, not really.  Because of the heat, it was just a fogged up mess.  But after witnessing what little we did, I highly doubt they'll want to advertise what goes on behind there!   My boyfriend then notices the box of burgers, on the floor. Just sittin' there.  We then watch, a guy come to pick up his order, and confirm his request of 'NO MAYONNAISE'. Griller #1 behind the counter, then looks at the burger in his hand, that he had just squired a load of mayo on. Noticing his mistake (and the guy who had requested it), he throws the burger to one side, and accepts a 'fresh' burger from Griller #2. And he re-makes his burger. This time with no mayo. Griller #2 must see potential for resale (!), so he starts scraping the mayo off .. and throws it back on the grill!!! AHHHHH!! Griller # 1 & Griller #2 were definite loud mouths - they were swearing, and making fun of how bad their service was - they were joking about drug use *including being under the influence* .. just the weirdest crap I'd ever heard spewing out ... and completely unprofessional.    We also witnessed them re-frying food. fries specifically.      Our food was 'ready' -  So. We never got the single order of onion rings. We didn't notice this until we got home, and inspected our dinner.  That, after we had watched the one Griller get in 'trouble' from the other Griller, for serving 'too many onion rings' in an order.  Makes one wonder ...  So, for $32.21 - failed & incomplete order  .75 cents - 20 minutes of parking,  Oh Boy! Did we get ripped off.   This all happened while we were there. I'm actually not even done my meal, but wanted to write this review while it was so fresh in my mind. AND// They Had NO DIET POP.   burger was dry.dry.dry. ugh.~burger burger, fries) onion rings. burgers, burger burger burger burger. fries onion rings. onion rings' burger 
Juicy Beefy Goodness  I can't lay claim to Chris "burger baron" P.'s bona fide burger-bonanza breadth, but I've had a few burgers in my time.  This was the best one I can remember.  I was treated well from the minute I walked in the door, which itself took some effort - use the middle door instead of trying and retrying the side ones in front of a crowd (like I did).  Had a good laugh and a warm welcome from two staff waiting on the inside before catching up with waiting friends Kat "the app for that" F. and the aforementioned burger baron.  I was greeted by the lovely and charming Vharay who advised on burger selection and beer offerings before provisioning a promptly pulled pint and a business card (as I had suggested that she didn't really have one).  I ordered the Oh Boy Classic with 3 Cheese combo, with a half-and-half fries and onion rings (it's not on the menu, although I think it should be, so don't count on this).  They have Mill Street Tankhouse on tap, and I indulged.    The burger came OEM with lettuce, tomato, guacamole, and a good slice each of cheddar, swiss and havarti.  Aftermarket options exist, but the stock version sounded good enough already.  And it was.  8 ounces of AAA ground chuck, grilled to perfection and juicier than a Georgia peach in full season.  The guacamole had a creamy texture and flavour that added a high note to the gooey cheesy goodness, yet somehow through all that rich flavour the patty still managed to shine through and remind me why I was there in the first place.  I was in heaven for the three minutes that burger lasted in my hands.  The onion rings were fantastic - just a really well-made, classic ring.  Fries were thin-cut, which Is great for flavour, but they get cold fast (eat them first).  They were also perfectly salted.  Interesting fact:  The walls in the bathroom are painted with blackboard paint.~burger burger- burgers burger burger cheese fries onion rings ( burger lettuce, tomato, peach burger onion rings fries 
Eh.  It was ok.  My burger was a bit salty.  I enjoyed the sweet potato fries.  It wasn't very excited.  Eating there, I was just thinking about having a burger at Craft.  I thought the concept there was cool.~burger sweet potato 
everything that leads up to you embarking upon your eating experience seemed compelling.  oh boy - catchy enough name.  queen west - hip enough area.  even a few honest-ed style lights alerting me to it being "open" for business lure me inside with the hope of a juicy wheel of beef to call my own.  of course, the promise of a special on mill st. beer with my burger for a mere 16 bucks (right, mere...) clinched it for me.    well for a hefty price like that, it fell very short.  firstly, there was no mill street left.  no one has to go business school or ever work in a restaurant to know that if you dont have it available, DONT ADVERTISE IT.  i had to mention it to them to remove the sign, which they did.    the waitresses serving me were very nice, patient and understanding.  i settled for a sleemans, which was offered to me at a mere three bucks (here the "mere" is meant for real).  I sat and watched silent snippets of a women's hockey game in the olympics on one of the tvs that besieged you as you ate. (are we really that boring to each other?).  now i was in a rush and probably shouldnt have come there in the first place because i had a play to catch.  but i asked them to check on my burger - AAA 8 oz burger with havarti, cheddar, swiss, guacamole, tomato, lettuce - and they did and it came out a minute later - DRY AS A BONE.  i imagine that they are required to cook a burger to a certain doneness for legal reasons or some such, but when you have to load it up with mayo and heinz dijon (low quality for sure) just so you can stomach it, there is a problem.    i really cant express how tragic it is for me when i pay through the nose for food and it sucks.  they offered me a 15 percent discount card for the next time....i left it there.  im willing to acknowledge that a restaurant, a waitress, a cook can have a bad day, of course, but it is hard to return to a place which f-bombs it up the first time around on something you really could have done brilliantly much better at home, especially when they have the gumption to charge as much as they do - and if you tell me that the AAA prime ground chuck, etc., is the reason the price is up that high, then i say to you if i am supposed to afford that meat the respect it deserves (that already sounds weird, but okay), then you, as the cook better idolize it and make me faint with nirvana the moment after it hits my palate.~beef burger burger - burger tomato, lettuce - burger 
Got there just as the kitchen was closing, but the waitress let us order anyway. My wife had the 1/4 lb burger and I had the classic 8 oz w/ 3 cheeses. Seriously, I couldn't tell the difference between the 4 oz and 8 oz. Either my burger lost half its weight in cooking or they gave me the wrong sized patty. It seemed a little bigger than a 4 oz, but not twice the size. There was a couple bits of gruel, it was a little dry and didn't have much flavor, even w/ the cheese. But the sodas had free refills which was nice since it was still warm and humid out. Seriously, how hard is it to make a good hamburger in this town?~burger burger cheese. 
fantastic beef burgers - little pricey but very good. needs more on the menu in terms of appetizer......~beef burgers - 
I reside in Toronto, the splendid burger capital of Canada! Oh Boy burger, my burger... You get 3 stars...and a half if there was that option.  Things I like: - Nice looking venue, open until 4 am for drunken bur-gorging - Good sized burger, tasty, juicy - Guac and lots of it! Freshly made. - Free refills of soft drinks, cool glass coke mugs (I want one...) - Breakfast burger? They said it's coming in 2010... - Stout and ice cream :D  Meh: - poutine - not enough curds.. gravy not bad. - skinny fries (groan)  - slow service  I'll try the spicy burger and the onion rings next time.~burger burger, burger... burger, coke burger? ice cream : fries ( burger onion rings 
So after sending my original review to Oh Boy!, Joey the proprietor of Oh Boy! emailed me and asked me to come by and he would buy me a burger and a beer.  Of course I brought Kat F. with me so she could ge the low-down on this place too.  Joey's a great guy and we learned some interesting things about him and Oh Boy!  1.  Before starting the Oh Boy! project Joey had hair (picture 80's hair band), but has a head now more resembling Mr. Clean 2.  Joey claims that he's "old, like really old", but doesn't look a day over 30. 3.  The Oh Boy! name stems from a diner in Toronto that no longer exists and is going to be a brand that says they're serious about what they do but still have fun doing it. 4.  It took a year to get Oh Boy! up and running due to the building almost falling over and new structural elements needing to be implemented. 5.  Joey picked the Queen Street location to be close to the entertainment district without needing to be in the middle of all the hype of the ED. 6.  Oh Boy! was started to give people a better experience to enjoy a burger.  Joey describes the experience as coming to the restaurant and enjoying premium quality ingredients while hanging out with friends, and grabbing a beer while the game plays in the background.  Upon this return to Oh Boy! I was even more impressed just due to the fact that they have Okanagan Springs on tap.  It was also great to see that they're working through the growing pains and things are coming together for them.  It was nice to see that our server Vharay was genuine in her involment to make sure we had a good experience and had everything we needed.~burger burger. 
My opinion of Oh Boy comes from the vegetarian perspective and so, I can't actually say that the huge beef burgers I saw on the grill are better or worse than any other non-chain burger joint.  I got the Portobello burger, which is hopefully the healthiest 'burger' on the menu.  The topping options are all very similar to Hero Burger.  But, the sauces at Oh Boy are all free, including Guacamole!  I thought I had loaded it up with a variety of sauces and toppings, but when it came out it looked kind of puny due to Shrinkage of the 'bello.  The Chipotle BBQ sauce is not very spicy, but is very tasty. The Lettuce is no cheap ice-berg from a bag, it's good quality boston lettuce.  They have a few kinks to work out, but now is the time to go, because this place is going to get packed. On this First Sunday afternoon, there was hardly any room to sit. The front area is full of booths as is the back. In the middle there are a row of stools to sit on.  The back bar area is surrounded by TV's showing football and I can see this being a huge thing- bar, bar stools, booths and burgers.   I also tasted the poutine. The fries are on the small side, which is nice. But the gravy is very beefy and reminds me of the City Hall truck's gravy. This could be a good thing, but it's pretty low on my list of faves in the city.  The food is decent, the atmosphere is wicked and late night line ups are certain. Head there now, just don't get upset that they maybe ran out of half of the stuff on the menu....~beef burgers burger burger, burger' burger. lettuce lettuce. burgers. fries 
I read a wicked review on this place, and decided to give it a try. I enjoyed it a lot!  I love the decor choices made with this place. Its a nice urban feel, with the kitchen front and centre, with nice booths and some corner tables for groups.   The burgers didn't disappoint. I had the "Hog Town" combo, which included the classic patty along with 2 types of bacon, onion rings, and a drink. I bought a pint of their local ale, which was a perfect compliment. All of it was amazing. I wouldn't change a thing.  My wife had the Oh Boy classic with 3 cheese combo, and she enjoyed it as well. I had a bite, and can attest to the quality. Everything was wonderful with hers too.  I thought for what we got, the price was very fair. The portions were generous. Both of our stomachs were satisfied.  What needs a bit of improvement is the service. Our server was pleasant but a little clueless. What was hilarious was how proud she was that she had remembered to write down the beers on tap, so she could read it back to us. I think she was new to the place, so I'm willing to give her a second chance.   Would recommend!~burgers bacon, onion rings, cheese 
Boy Oh Boy how you leave me wanting. I had high hopes for finally hitting the mother lode for burgers. (sigh) The previous reviews just went all over the place and I wasn't so sure what to expect but when my brother burger reviewer Chris P. sang the praises of the beef on a bun at Oh Boy I thought that they would be all that and a bag of chips.   I had appointments on Camden Street this morning so on my way out I thought I'd grab a burger from Oh Boy and take it for a dance. Trouble was that this burger couldn't even two step and basically had two left feet. I arrived at Oh Boy literally on the nose of noon hoping to beat the lunch rush and ordered up an Oh Little Boy Combo with sweet potato fries. Most of the major complaints I've read about OB's is that they seem to overcook the burgers so I figured if I ordered up the baby burgers and being smaller, they'd spend less time on the grill. Makes sense, right? Ummmmm....apparently not. It took almost 25 minutes before my order finally surfaced.   So out the door I dash with my lunch bag in hand only to discover ten minutes later that they eff'ed up my order. Wrong kind of cheese on those little sliders. No sweet potato fries but rather regular french fries which were soggy and cold by the time I got to them. As for those little 2 ounce burgers.... well they were pretty much small pieces of carbon on a bun. Did I order blackened burgers? They were dry and crusty and no amount of toppings was going to save these little charred nuggets.   Someone needs to smack those grill boys with a hot spatula because when you eff up Momma's burger she is gonna be pissed big time. For this shitty bag of baby burgers I forked out $13 bucks. I felt like I'd been hosed.   The restaurant itself is really cool. It's large and unlike Craft that can seat only about 8 people, the Oh Boy seats about 100 people. I love the bar area and I'm hopeful that eating in the restaurant would yield a much more favorable result. I've still got my discount coupons from the very first time I wandered in and the grill was out of commission. If anyone is interested in using them, let me know, I'm not so sure I'm ready to go back to Oh Boy just yet.   Afterwards I thought to myself that I should have walked a little further east and gone in to the Leslieville Cheese Store and gotten a grilled cheese for lunch. I would have been a whole lot happier.~burgers. burger beef chips. burger burger sweet potato 
I came back here hoping to see improvements and let's just say I wasn't surprised walking into this establishment to see there were no customers. I guess the bottom line is that their burgers are no good.... they're not horrible, but they're not good either.  I ordered a Spicy Boy Combo and despite the burger being clearly cooked to a nice medium inside, it was very dry and black on the outside. Second, the meat lacked any distinctive beefy flavour and was very bland - it was almost like eating frozen patty. I think it's simply due to an inefficient kitchen that doesn't know proper food handling. They also need a better ordering system where burgers and fries are served within 10-15mins. Why should take 30-45 mins to be served? The owners need to make changes otherwise they'll be expecting to close down very soon.~burgers burger burgers fries 
An ok subway. Usually quick service. When I sit in the glassed area near the road I feel one typo while txting and ill have a car in my lap. The food tastes decent. Pulling out of the parking area can be horrible at times.The place had been clean each time. I also use Apple Pay on every visit with no issues.~apple 
Contrary to Heather C.'s review of this Subway establishment, I found it to be quite exemplary. The decor was the now-standard Subway interior which consisted of well lit images of fresh produce and Jared. I had no qualms regarding the service either. The bistro was clean and even had a conservatory/greenhouse area that looked out upon the quiet main street, Main Street. If I should ever have the joy of returning to Sun Prairie and am in the need of a sandwich this establishment will be top of mind. Four Stars.~sandwich 
Your experience at Subway is relative to its location and employees. While all Subway menus are the same, the quality and handling of food can change substantially from location to location.   This Subway has a group of employees that wish you would implode in the parking lot before you make it to their door. I'm not expecting someone to hold the door for me, welcome me to the establishment, and take my coat, but do you people really have to be such a bunch of frowny muthas?   I can't crack a joke, utter a friendly word, or either breathe in the same space as these employees without getting the look of death from any one of them, especially the older guy with grayish hair. He's either a card carrying member of the shortbus, or he's too busy fantasizing about stabbing me repeatedly in a dark alleyway to actually speak to and make eye contact. Maybe he's prone to seizures, I don't know.   If you go here, and you're even slightly undecided about what kind of bread you want, or what kind of toppings should go on your sandwich you should probably call the PoPo and ask for an escort back to your car.   I'm not one to hamper anyones freedom of choice, but enter at your risk, and bring an umbrella because they will piss on your parade.~sandwich 
Gotta love this place simply because of the price.  $6 anytime for a movie can't be beat.  We also get the popcorn bucket that you can refill for $3.50 every time you go back that year.  This place isn't the nicest or most updated place, but they seem to be remodeling it slowly.  The biggest drawback of this place, even though it's the closest theater to our house is that there are no restaurants nearby like if you went to the waterfront, or monroeville.  Yeah, there's Denny's and King's, but a lot of times we like to make a night of going to the movies, and that makes it tougher.~popcorn 
I've been going to this theater since Destinta opened. I live nearby, so it's always been my default theater. The place has aged a little, but the stadium seating is still comfortable and the popcorn is good.  Since Phoenix has taken over, the best thing about it is that tickets are $6 all day, every day. Tuesday bargain days are $4, as are all tickets for kids and seniors. This theater does show new releases, so you can't beat these prices.  They've re-opened the bar upstairs, and I think there's food. I haven't tried it yet, but plan to soon.   My only problems are that when I was here a couple weeks ago, the A/C was blasting despite the fall weather, and it was freezing in the theater    Also, and this goes for just about all theaters, the sound is WAY TOO LOUD. To the point of bring uncomfortable. My 4 year old nephew is afraid to go to the movies because of this. I guess they think it adds to the experience or something, but it kind of ruins it sometimes.  Overall, I recommend this theater, but I'll be taking ear plugs with me from now on!~popcorn 
This is the place that people who've been around for a while used to know as Destinta.  And like Destinta, it has many great things about it: Large screens, buttery popcorn, and a heck-of-a-lot cheaper ticket price than Carmike nearby! Also, be sure to bring in those student ID's cuz ya get a movie for $7.75... what a deal!  They even serve wine and liquor. Can you imagine: drinking a cold one while watching a Marvel superhero movie. Insane idea, but worth a try if you're over 21.  This is my classic kind of movie theater. They mostly show mainstream movies but on occasion have a indie or even foreign film, but don't count on this theater if those are your sole tastes.   Overall, great theater, good popcorn, great prices, and big screens. What's not to love? Definitely give this place your money over those sellouts at Carmike Cinemas.~popcorn, popcorn, 
Situated just across from the Collisium entrance inside Caesars you find this intimate little lounge.... We found it to be the perfect meeting place at the end of the day for a champagne cocktail or simple cup of coffee... Lovely, attentive servers take good care of you...the decor is tasteful and high end..and the centerpiece of the lounge is a fantastic aquarium that we stared at for hours... I liked also that children arent allowed..its a nice quiet environment for chatting or people watching...we'll be back again.... and again!~coffee... 
5 stars for this casino bar because:  * I loved the champagne cocktails.  While on the pricey side (upwards of $15), this is sort of par for the course in Las Vegas...and they were so tasty!  They are all made with fresh pureed fruit, and come with a straw for extra sipping fun; I enjoyed the grapefruit-based one in particular.  Of course, they also have a full bar.  * Great ambiance.  The bar is located within Caesar's Palace, elevated a bit from the gaming floor and delineated by a half-wall that allows you to watch the gamblers and passerby.  The decor is defined by the giant cylindrical fish tank in the center of the bar, which lends a peaceful air to the place despite the business of the surrounds.  The chairs are large and comfy, and conversation is possible despite a medium level of background noise.    * Staff is attentive, courteous, and attired in funny little white dresses.  My husband and I hung out here for a very pleasant couple of hours, honing our blackjack skills.  I would definitely go back!~grapefruit- white 
Went here for breakfast.  The food is ok, but the service was terrible.  Granted, I don't speak much French, but I think that shouldn't completely change the attitude of the waiter.  Anyway, the entire time, we had to ask for refills of water and coffee.  Basic functions.  It wasn't even that packed. To top it off, the waiter took 20 minutes to get my check.  I asked several times and he told me to wait.  When I complained to the manager, he finally got my check, and claimed that I had only been waiting for 5 minutes.  The manager sided with him and basically called me a liar.   lol what?  Yeah, I'm not going here next time I visit.~coffee. 
The food is just meh. Not worth the price. Their chicken, pasta, soup and salad were not worth the gas money.  Service can be spotty from poor to average. I think they lost their good waiters in the past because of bad management.  I'm guessing the Bar side is what's keeping this business afloat. I think they changed their name or something. I didn't care enough to check the sign when I was leaving.~chicken, pasta, salad 
Dropped by for a coffee and BLT with a colleague from work.  Service was good, food was OK, typical east side Mario's food, decent value for what you get.~coffee 
The biggest ripoff ever!!!  How can you have a crawfish festival and not have any crawfish!!!  Arrived at 12:30 and the ONLY vendor selling crawfish ( aside from the Asian vendor selling pad thai with crawfish which I don't believe is "straight from the bayou") wasn't ready to serve!! WTH. I thought something was funny when we arrived and people were already leaving. But since I had already purchased my tickets on line ($72 for six tickets) I decided to give it a try. Once inside, there were hardly any vendors. Not to mention, the ones that were there didn't have much to do with Louisiana or the bayou.   There was one vendor there that was ready for food service but they were way OVERPRICED. $5 for a lemonade that tasted like it was made with sewer water, not sweet, and barely tasted like lemonade. Their food was sub par.   The music left something to be desired. The band was okay. Nothing like you get in NOLA.   No Bourbon street bartenders. No hurricanes. No beignets.   If there is a 2nd annual crawfish festival, you couldn't pay me to go. It was that bad!!!!~thai 
I agree with all of the above!!! Waited over one hour in line for crawfish boil only to be told they were out!! $14/person was OVERPRICED to say the least for what was offered.  This event needs to be re-thought before it happens again!  Sorry O missed the drunk women singers - that may have been entertaining!! At least the corn was good!! And the catfish - catfish was only a 20 minute wait but ram out early as well~corn 
What a complete waste of time, space, money and so much more!! I counted a total of 13 vendors only 4 of which had food. NONE which of had crawfish. There was an Asian place with some pad Thai with added crawfish but that is NOT why you go to a crawfish festival! The flyer advertised the obvious crawfish, as well as catfish, crab, shrimp, BBQ, cool NOLA themed drinks and I seen NONE OF THAT! We seen 2 snow cone trucks. One which had a few crock pots of some home made Cajun style food. (Weird) There was a dole pineapple vendor that was really cool. Fresh pineapples with frozen yogurt. Funnel cakes. And a hotlink/hotdog/BBQ stand. We got a hotlink that was decent but the onions and peppers were not at all cooked. The only people only serving a full menu were the Asians. Not a good look Cajun folks! We arrived around 11, we seem one big pot for a crawfish boil, that they said would start around 2pm!!! What the #%*#?! First off 1 big pot is enough for about 1/100 of the people there. And where's the rest?!?! I will be emailing and contacting everyone who had anything to do with this event. Never been so let down with a food festival. Get your stuff together. And for the record I've been to a Cajun food and music festival in Virginia. It included alligator, and beads, and awesome drum solos, and tons of hot sauce. NOTHING like this one!~thai shrimp, pineapple frozen yogurt. 
The second I saw the advertisement for this event, and was going to be on my side of town, I rejoiced and told my family and friends to come along.  Had it not been for the company I was with, I would have been extremely disappointed.  Every experience is what you make it, and we made it fun, although yes they ran out of crawfish, yes the lines were to Louisiana, and yes there were only a few food vendors.  There was not a cap on pounds of crawfish you could buy.  The last 9lbs of crawfish were sold to one person.    My family arrived a later in the evening and two lines they hopped in ran out of food.  They did eat the catfish, which was so good.  I had roasted corn which was smothered in butter and I covered with parmesan and Cajun flavoring they had there.  Yummy! Later in the evening, one of the vendors had crawfish, which I tried.  The taste was not something I would jump up and down for, I've had better.  My friend and I tried the pineapple yogurt, which was refreshing.  I didn't know the difference when reading the sign of the breakdown of flavors, so I ordered the cheapest one, which was just pineapple frozen yogurt, with out the juice or fresh pineapple.    As far as experience goes, I was just chatting with people in line as we were waiting.  Music was going and my friend was dancing with my niece which was so cute.  Although the food was a bit of a bust, the crowd that I was around was just there for a good time and that's what they had.  This could have been a really good event, but this is their first one. If they decide to hold this next year, they should really look at the amount one person can purchase as well as other factors.~corn butter pineapple pineapple frozen yogurt, pineapple. 
As fans of the Lafayette, Louisiana area we were excited about this festival.  Well, that excitement lasted about a minute upon our entrance into the facility.  There were very few food vendors, the lines were horrific and the food didnt look particularly good.  The only food spot that had a short line was the one offering burgers and hot dogs - really!  This was a rip off and we should have asked for my money back as did a previous poster (he must have been the one getting a refund when we entered) but my wife wouldn't hear of it.  We decided to leave immediately and went to Lucilles for a Po' Boy which was about the same price as charged at the festival and a whole lot better.  At dinner we talked about returning for the music but since it didn't sound very Cajun, we just left the area $28 dollars poorer, but did get an education in picking festivals.  Will never return if they continue this event.~burgers hot dogs - 
I've now been to Angel Hairdressing two times, and both of those I was pleased as punch by the results! For one, it's absurdly close to my flat, which makes visits and appointments a breeze. Secondly of course would be the lovely staff. I've been served by the same hairdresser both my trips, and she remembered me the second go round, which makes for a pleasant welcome. Size-wise, It's a small joint, but more than enough room for the ladies to perform their miracles, and it feels reasonably homey inside.  What seals the deal for me is the prices are totally reasonable--I've seen some places that make my eyes practically roll back in my head around town, and I've never been one to willingly shell out a week's paycheck for my hair. But Angel has fair prices to match the excellent service. My first go featured a simple cut, the second, a full coloring, and I'd give five stars to each venture. This is definitely my go-to salon!  Extra perk: I was offered a cup of coffee or tea while waiting for my color to set. Don't mind if I do!~coffee tea 
Cute spot with outdoor seating on the upper wrap around balcony.  Grilled octopus and french fries with white wine made for a great lunch and pretty reasonably priced. Service was quite friendly and there was no problem doing separate checks for a large group (a really nice options found in most Montreal restaurants with the portable card readers...NYC needs to get on that stat!)~french fries 
We had breakfast here, and it may have just been an off day, but it was a little disappointing. The food was good, but our toast arrived 3/4 of the way through the meal after 3 reminders, and coffee refills were slow. The waiter was very nice but a little scattered and said someone didn't show up for work. It was pretty quiet in the late morning, but walking past later in the day, it seemed to be much busier.~coffee 
Come here for the second floor balcony. It's refreshing to be able to sit and people watch while enjoying a good drink. There's also something satisfying from being on a second floor balcony as opposed to it's first floor counterpart.  We started off by having the bruschetta. Their bruschetta is piled high on each piece of bread they give you. You can really taste the fresh ingredients, but for some reason it all seems to fail to come together in the end. There is something missing. This ended up being a theme of our meals there. My girlfriend had a pizza with pesto and grilled chicken pieces. The chicken could have been spread out a little more throughout the pizza, but this could be the way they do it in Italy so I can't judge. This dish also seem to struggle to bring everything together.bThe dish I had was a creamy pasta with goat cheese and walnuts. I actually really enjoyed this dish but somehow think it needed just a little more kick.  Being on the tourist trap of a street that is crescent, I wasn't expecting cheap prices. Many of their dishes are more on the expensive side but considering some of the ingredients and the nice location it is pretty justifiable.  Our waitress smiled and was very nice and didn't bother us too much which I liked. We could have received more water even though we had order drinks though. Other than this very good service.  In the end I prob wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if I was with friends and wanted to relax with a drink I would definetly hit this place up.~pizza chicken chicken pizza pasta cheese 
sorry all, this is not a 5 star establishment. it's more like a 2 star since to me au pied de cuchon and ferreira cafe are 4 stars. we went here tonight after seeing the previous yelp reviews. to be honest, we had rsvps at auberge st. germain but cancelled since we wanted italian and a break from the french cuisine. i kind of regret this decision now but it is what it is. service was ok, restaurant is casual, huge portions and price decent. it seems to be in a happening area with bars, clubs, and other restaraurants although we did not walk on the street afterwards. about a 10 min cab ride and 25 min walk from the w montreal. we ordered two green salads (waiter did not tell us that 4 people could have easily  split the salad to be honest - it was THAT big), the penne arrabiata and the pizza italiano. the penne arrabiata was quite spicy. the pizza was good, not amazing. hit the spot b/c we were wanting something italian. thin crust with crunchy crust. overall, i expected the quality to be average and it met expectations.  would i come back?  probably not...i was skeptical to see 5 stars so did not set my expectations very high so i was not disappointed. next time, we probably will check out other italian establishments. we spent about $70 for both of us, included pellegrino and a beer. would have rather spent this money elsewhere but you live and learn. restaurant looks more upscale than it really is with the mod white dining chairs. dress/atmosphere is very casual.~salads ( salad pizza pizza white 
My husband and I stopped in for a late dinner Saturday night around 9:00pm.  We were given a table immediately, but the waiter was so surly and miserable that his attitude really ruined our evening.  Although we were clearly speaking English, he spoke to us in French - when he even spoke at all... Mostly he just grunted at us or ignored us.  The food was mediocre at best, the "rolls" were more like hot dog buns, the caprese salad boasted unripe tomatoes, no balsamic vinegar and some sort of pre-packaged pesto sauce that looked like baby diarrhea... The salmon was bland and smothered in cold sun-dried tomatoes that were presumably some sort of sauce. I had the filet mignon, which was edible but could have been cooked in a microwave for all the (lack of!!) flavor.  Definitely would NOT recommend this place to anyone.~hot dog salad salmon 
The food was ok. Our calamari was a tad overcooked and the gnocchi a little dense. The shrimp and asparagus risotto was very tasty as was the Italian pizza. 2 beer each and our bill was around $95. I don't think we would go back as it wasn't that memorable.~shrimp asparagus pizza 
Disclaimer: I came to Pino on a Friday, which was the coldest day of the year with about 25 people, therefore my appreciation might have been altered.  What I liked: Restaurant is pretty roomy. The resto has an upper floor for bigger parties. The view gives on to Crescent and de Maisoneuve. The portions were reasonable. The price was too. I had the chicken al palio which was decent. I suggest ordering pasta, because theres a large selection and it comes with a decent amount of protein or vegetables. The crowd seems reletively young (early and late 20s), especially when I was there. The drinks are averagely sized, I didnt check the price though.   What I didn't like: My friend who was the birthday girl had made a reservation for the correct amount of people, but when she arrived places were missing. We were stuck reorganizing the seating our selves. I feel they really work hard to give a true italian feel by allowing a 45 minute delay between serving everyone else and then serving me. The music wasn't appropriate at all, a mix of rap with some asian sounding stuff. Given that it was the coldest day of the year, most of us froze upstairs waiting to get our plates and then waiting to pay.   Conclusion: not my favorite resto. I wouldnt call it "authentic" food, although the disorganized managament seems authentically italian. You'll probably not see me back here. The only thing that could bring me back is the location. But not the food.~chicken pasta, 
Pino is a decent place to relax for a drink but it seems to be struggling with an identity crisis of "am I a pub? am I a restaurant? am I a lounge?" - and it was indeed a bit odd that such a huge venue was relatively empty on a rainy Friday night. especially since the rain didn't seem to be stopping the crowds on Crescent Street from going to other places.  they have an outdoor seating area upstairs with a long canopy over it - this was great, because we got the cool fresh air and none of the rain. and it's actually fairly spacious, wrapping around the entire place (it's on the corner).   I ordered some of the house white wine. it was about average, though it also was fairly cheap, so I'm not complaining too much. service was pretty fast too.  the fact that it is so roomy here might have made it seem less busy than it was. there were plenty of patrons up near us, but there were two HUGE rooms inside (on the second floor alone) that were empty. what gives? maybe they focus more on large-scale events.  seems like an alright place to relax for a drink or two, but not much more. I like low-key, but it was a bit too low-key for me.~white 
When its hot outside and you want to people-watch, come here and sit at the terrace on the 3rd floor.  Great views.    $8 vodka sodas.  Pizza w/chicken was meh.~pizza 
Wow. Just awful.   Easily the worst meal during a weekend in Montreal, where the food is, on average, really great.   Onion soup was incredibly bland. Watery and tasteless. Three people in my party got it and none of us finished even a quarter of it.   For the entree, I ordered a pizza. Oh man. All of the ingredients came straight from a can and were clumped in weird bunches across the surface of the pie. The olives were barely drained and the crust was overly doughy.  The waitress seemed to mean well but she didn't seem to understand how bad the food was there. And so she seemed annoyed at our lack of enthusiasm for the place. The management is responsible for the poor quality of this place, not the poor waitress who served us.   The only thing it has going it is the location as it is in the middle of a popular part of town.  We should have learned our lesson as soon as we walked in as it wasn't very crowded.~onion pizza pie. 
Had the salmon fettuccine and quite enjoyed it. The cream sauce was delicious and the fish is something I've never tried before in pasta. The window seating above the street makes for entertaining people watching as well. Service was prompt and the restaurant kitchen is open later than most of that stretch.~salmon pasta. 
Absolutely incredible!  The Gnocchi al Gorgonzola is to die for. My Caesar salad was also great.  Our waiter was super friendly and was cracking jokes with us the whole time. Nice relaxed atmosphere, great eats, and fairly priced drinks. Got a table really quickly, and the service was fast and efficient. Two big thumbs up for this place :)~salad 
I came here with a group of 7, we were just trying to find an average price restaurant, with good variety of food that everyone will have something they can eat. I'm not expecting a lot when it's a situation like this, but this restaurant was not able to live up to my already lowered expectation.   Food: The server brought us two baskets of complimentary bread with a dish of olive oil and vinegar . The bread looks decent, they look like some homemade croissants. But, the texture was awful!  None of us can take a second bite of it, it's so dry! It taste like it's either a few days old or it has been microwaved multiple times! Also, the olive oil to share? what is this? Are they expecting everyone to dip in that plate? It's so gross....and inconvenient. Its okay to share butter or other spread, but I've never shared olive oil before. We ordered an Italian sausage pizza as appetizers to share, it was average, the crust was too thick...nothing special. Main course, I ordered a veggie primervera, which is just vegetarian pasta with tomato sauce.  It did not satisfy me either, overall very blend and in terms of vegetables, I was expecting some portebello mushroom, big slice of eggplants and cucumber, cherry tomato.... but instead, it's all thinly sliced, you almost can't see them in your pasta, and just regular mushroom that were shrunk after cooking. The tomato sauce was also too glue-y..... Dessert - I shared a Tiramisu with a friend, it's the type that comes in a cup with lady fingers at the bottom of the cup. This was like one of the worst tiramisu you can get at a restaurant. It tastes like store bought, and made one week ago. The cheese on the top are already becoming chewy and jello like! We only had half  The food are so terrible, when the server came and ask how were the  food, I actually said it tastes bad (because he saw our unfinished tiramisu) and I think he was offended.  Service: He forgot to bring the spoon for people who ordered pasta. SO this is what happened, I asked for a spoon as soon as he puts down my plate of pasta, and it took him like 5mins to come back because he went off and took care of other tables and he forgot... when he came back, he only brought 1 spoon for me, not for my other friends who were also having pasta. (well, you'd expect him to bring enough for everyone who's having pasta, that's a standard utensils to eat pasta , especially it's an Italian restaurant, how do you not know that) ...Later, my friends that are sitting at the other end of the table had to ask him again for spoon...   Ambiance: nice patio of second floor....maybe you can come here for drinks, but just don't eat here~olive olive butter olive sausage pizza appetizers pasta tomato mushroom, cucumber, cherry tomato.... pasta, mushroom tomato cheese pasta. pasta, pasta. pasta, pasta , 
We stopped here while visiting Montreal for the U-20 World Cup. We just return from watching my beloved Portugal lose to Gambia 2-1. I was not in the best of moods when we entered Pino's but once we sat down and started to eat and drink all my sorrows were gone. We sat upstairs on the balcony and had some pretty good pasta and it taste even better with the Stella Artois. I love coming to Montreal because one thing is always certain, the food is always top notch. Pino's is one of my favorite places to dine in Montreal.~pasta 
Let me preface this, by saying I haven't been here in over a year, but! for the last 4-5 years when I have been coming to Montreal for work/play, this has always been my favourite restaurant/lounge and never fails.   Their menu is standard, but changes everytime I come. Agree with Lauren W. about the Gnocchi. This was the first time I tried it and I love it! Everything here is very good, except once I got the Gorganzola + Endive salad and I wasn't pleased - but not the fault of the restaurant, I think Endive is an acquired taste.   The food is mainly Italian. It's on the busy street of Crescent, and one of the less touristy spots. They have 2 levels, a more loungey one at the bottom, and more restaurant on the top. They also have a nice balcony out there, and perfect for people watching. Same for the downstairs as it's walled with large glass windows.   It brings back a lot of memories for me because I have been here so much, and always bring people here.~endive salad endive 
Another staple of my restaurants to visit when in Montreal. Prices are what you would expect from a nicer looking spot in the area. The carpaccio was delicious. The spicy shrimp pasta was a disappointment as it was not spicy, the basil was soaked into the dish voiding the flavour and fragrance basil is supposed to give. The other pasta dish ordered was a deliciousness creamy mushroom sauce over penne which was superb. For $100 dinner I would have expected a bit more.~shrimp pasta pasta mushroom 
I wanted to love Pino--a lounge with an extensive cocktail menu, a canopy-covered balcony, etc.--but it was just OK, in my opinion.  Maybe it was the overly strong smell of Parmesan cheese from the next table, the lackadaisical service or the fact that the place was pretty dead on a night when the other Crescent Street bars were hoppin'.   I would give Pino a lower score but that lychee-tini was exactly what I needed. I wouldn't make a point of coming back to Pino but I did enjoy sitting on the balcony, taking in the cool breeze on the rainy night.~cheese lychee- 
I was telling a friend about my singular experience with Wienerschnitzel, and she reported similar feelings, so I thought I should warn others about my experience.   I ate at this location once when I was in high school, before I became very health-conscious, and it was a very memorable experience because it was so unpleasant.  I can't remember exactly what I ordered, but it was one of the hot dogs with onion and peppers on it, which I remember were overly greasy, soggy and limp.  It looked like gelatinous mush.  There was no pride or integrity in the way it was put together.  I don't know how to describe the taste exactly, but I clearly remember that it didn't taste natural or right.  It tasted unnatural and wrong, like is was tainted in some way.  For some reason -- I guess i was hungry and didn't want to waste my money -- I ate the whole hotdog.  I remember feeling queasy afterwards, like my stomach had been insulted and abused.  That was the day I made a personal vow never to eat at Wienerschnitzel again, and I am reaffirming that vow today.~hot dogs onion 
this is the only stand-alone hot dog place in the neighborhood & it is usually really good.  this time it was late & everything was old & bad  even for $6 it was not a good deal  you would be better off going to 7-11 and taking your chances at any old gas station~hot dog 
Went to Mavi Grill with the family (party of 8). We ordered the Mix Grill Platter, Iskander Kabab (veal/chicken mix), and Doner Kabab. It came with a large tray of sumptuous  salad. The food was great with loads of extras on the side --- their white and hot sauce is a great condiment to enjoy with the meals!  We finished up with hot Turkish coffee and baklava!  Special mention for the owners --- they are very hospitable!~salad. white coffee 
Really friendly staff, really great food and the ONLY place I can find a döner kebab sandwich in the entirety of the GTA. A MUST GO PLACE!~sandwich 
Great teachers, great atmosphere, it's an environment in which the highest level competitor and the newest student can work together to teach and share this incredible sport. I've been training with the head instructor Joao Viera for 3 Years now and I couldn't imagine a better team. If you choose to dedicate yourself, you'll find that you've joined another family.  Obrigado!~sport. 
Great location and great selection of cake decorating stuff.  I was having problems sourcing dowels for a cake so thought I would Pop in whilst I  was in the area.  The customer service was pants! I had a good look and could pretty much see everything but dowels.  I asked the woman behind the counter if they had any or was it a case I couldn't see for looking and she very snappily said they will be over there if we have any and flipped her hand in the direction of the dowels, I really should have left then But I REALLY needed those dowlels as my delivery hadn't arrived in time.  I had a look and she came over and pointed and said in a very brusque manner well they should be there! I really felt like it was my fault thee were no dowels.  Because of my order not arriving I did need to pick some stuff up but only did so as I was in a fix otherwise I would have left.  I asked for 21's on a stick as they seemed to be every number there but 21 and she snapped again.. We don't have any! Seriously love, it's not my fault but yet you make me feel like it is!  As we were paying, another lady came out and she was much more friendly, which is why I gave an extra star.  She explained that the dowels had been ordered but as one thing was out of stock on the order the whole order had been put on hold... There see that wasn't too hard, a friendly member of staff with an explanation... That's all the situation needed, unfortunately she was too late to make my experience a good one because of the awful attitude of her colleague.  I won't be recommending this shop to people which is a shame as they have a good stock of stuff.~cake cake 
I now understand where the name comes from. Yesterday I went into Dick's to buy my daughter some shirts. As we were checking out I noticed a bin that was full of bags that had sports watches and body bands to monitor vital signs.  I started going through them to find a watch that would meet my workout needs. Most of the bags that contained these watches were missing something. Not a problem because the outside clearly noted what was wrong with the package. It said things like " missing manual or dead battery" I found a watch that was missing a manual. I went online and looked up the watch and it had what i was looking for. I purchased the watch as is and took it home. After trying to sync the watch to the body strap monitor for an hour, I went online and found that the watch that i have takes an analog strap and the one that was in this bag was digital. I went back to the store today to swap out the wrong band for the correct on.  I was told that i had to speak to Nicole the store manager. I was directed to Nicole who was assisting another customer. After standing patiently waiting for Nicole while the customer and Nicole discussed trading in his older wife for two younger ones, I got annoyed. I went back to the counter to find a different manager. I was told that Nicole is it. I waited some more. After waiting for Nicole for 15 minutes and listening to conversation that had nothing to do with products or services she asked how she could help me. I explained the situation and showed her the online picture of what i was supposed to receive with my purchase and she told me that they take everything out of the original package and put them into the bags that they sell these in.   i pointed out that as people look through the bag,   watches are being mixed up. I showed her Timex watches with Polar band and bags with two watches and no bands. Some watches had no bags at all and were sitting in the bottom of the bin with other loose manuals and straps. After going through each bag, I could not find the correct band. Someone is walking around with a digital watch with an analog band.  I asked if i could purchase a more expensive watch and just pay the difference. Nicole said no.  I get "as is" but I purchased it because the issue that was advertised on the packaging was it was missing the manual. It did not say that the accessories in the packaging do not match and the watch can not be used for anything except time and date. Now I have to pay for a new band as well as pay for shipping which is going to be more expensive than buying the watch at the original retail price.  Thank you for horrible customer service and a useless watch.  Pissed of Morrison Family YMCA Soccer Dad~date. 
Hello and goodbye!!!   I was disappointed with the "quality" of fish here. Actually, it was probably the least fresh tasting sushi I've had in years. (And I've eaten a lot of mediocre sushi!)   I'm not giving Hello Sushi only one star because the owner/sushi chef/server was nice enough and it could have just been a bad day when I was there. Nonetheless, I can't imagine a reason I would ever return.~sushi sushi! sushi 
This place was my favourite place to go for sushi. The prices were unbeatable, and the quality was astounding. Unfortunately, I was incredibly disappointed to discover that this place has closed down. NoOoOo! :(~sushi. 
Great little place with excellent prices!  Chef was our waiter (slow night) & was very helpful. Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that they don't serve alcohol & it would be nice to have a sake with our meal.  We both got the semi lunch (a mixed roll/sushi plate & veggie plate) for $7 each! All were fresh & tasted great. Miso soup was good & tea was a nice extra. $19 including tax for both our meals & I had leftovers!  We will be back for sure!~miso tea 
I'm liking this new Bulk Barn!   Bulk Barn is dangerous for me. Too many delicious things that I just have to eat. Sweets, chocolates, cookies, chocolate covered nuts, trail mixes.... I love their sunflower seed butter and sometimes dream about their "clowning around" trail mix and the bins of chocolate chips. They also have healthier things like quinoa, oatmeal, spices, teas, coffee beans etc and non-bulk items like nut milks, British chocolates and pretty much everything you could need for baking.   I prefer this store to Carlton St. The layout is a little nicer and the bins are smaller with a place for the spoon. Check-out was slow because it has just opened and the assistant was being trained in. Having been there for the first week of Carlton St though, I'm pretty confident that they'll all by up to speed within no time. Great location too, close to St Lawrence Market and No Frills. Just don't forget the lovely Domino Foods downstairs in SLM. They deserve some business too!~cookies, butter chips. quinoa, coffee 
I'm a fan of bulk barns in general.  They have a wide variety and grains. This stop in, I was looking for crystallized ginger ~ yes, I'm totally planning to back some chocolate ginger cookies.  Yum.  In all seriousness...I have no idea where else to by crystallized ginger!  They also have a wide variety of sweets, which I'm also thankful for.  The staff was super helpful here.  They helped me to find what I need, and they even bagged it for me.     The checkout experience was also good.  The staff here know their stuff. Stop in, it's fun.~ginger ginger cookies. ginger! 
This new store has opened up at the location that housed the now defunct Rogers Video. The location is decent as there is a dearth of this kind of store in the area. There were quite a few people shopping here when I visited so I am hoping this store will do well and serve this area long term.  The location is somewhat medium sized for this chain of stores. Prices can be reasonable when things are on sale or if you want a smaller amount for certain item this place at least gives you an option to try before shelling out $$ for whole box load. Good selection of all sort of items such as candies, flours, chips, dry fruit etc. etc.  The place is well lit and only downside is the limited number of cash registers which lead to lineups on my visit here.  3.5 Stars all said and done.~chips, 
This Bulk Barn is awesome! Lots of things to eat from Candies, nuts, chocolates and  much more! The reason why i love it so much is because of the new location! It's very convenient for George Brown Students! They can get their groceries done in minutes after school or before school or maybe grab a snack for class since it's sooooooo cheap! I always come here and gets lots of things!~brown 
I miss the old original Warshaw's on St.Laurent.  I remember going in there and practically decorating everything in my first apartment from the old store. They had it all. Great location, great furniture, great big gold-framed Rococo mirrors, giant plants, floral papasan chairs at a fraction of what you  would pay at Pier 1.Then you had all the knick knacks and odds-and ends to look at.  Now it's re-located to the Atwater market area, firmly ensconced among the gentrified factories-turned-condos along the Lachine canal. Now it's on one floor instead of two (Ok, 1 and 1/2 if you include the ramp in the back). Now the plants are majorly overpriced and so are the kitchen goods and gadgets, probably in line with keeping up with their new yuppie clientele. Now the people who work the cash are pretty rude and abrupt when long ago they were friendly enough to even deliver bigger purchases. You know a situation is bad when you've just bought a whole slew of plant potters and you need to ask for a bag and get a scowl in return.  While it's true their kitchen selection has some neat, one-of-a-kind stuff, it's not fun coming here anymore. It feels more like a chore.  If you're looking for good, healthy but affordable plants, go to Zellers at Alexis Nihon. Come here for your fridge magnets, salad bowls and coffee mugs.~salad coffee 
Kari Billman not only does the best hair colors, cut and styles but she does it right the first time. She takes care of your individual needs.  She has been a Hairstylist for 16 yrs. and keeps up on the latest styles and techniques.  I have dark brown hair with some gray roots and she was dedicated to making sure the proper color type and mix was used to make the coverage look as natural as possible.   I highly recommend her salon.~brown 
I don't hate hipsters so maybe I am not operating with a filter set to Do Not Like.   I thought the bar/tenders/decor was great. Not HOLYSHITAMAZE! but I went out to have fun, I had fun. Success.   I also had been out at another bar previously and had a couple delightful drinks so maybe I was already feeling misty watercoloured feelings? Perhaps.   We had the absinthe drinks - now that's a wallet ding for sure but I had never tried it before and so, whatever IMO - and they were tasty. I had another cocktail but the name evades me since this is a couple weeks back. I do remember digging it though.   We shared a dozen oysters - I am low level addicted to oysters, but on a beer budget so have to abstain except a couple times a year. They were so delicious. Like eye rolled into the back of the head good. God bless the ocean.   I'd recommend it as a date place or when that super generous boss foots the bill - not on the regular unless you are Scrooge McDuck. (And if you are, get in touch)   High fives.~date 
I went here with my husband and relatives a little while ago listening to a friends recommendation. Absolutely fantastic! The food was amazing and fun, the menu is small (which is a good thing) so you can really tell that they put care into their dishes to make sure that every single one is excellent. Our server was lovely, sweet and very helpful when it came to explaining and recommending cocktails and food items for us. #1 fave? The pork belly, oh man, like butter in your mouth!~pork butter 
Ok, revelation this was the location for my 50th family birthday dinner. Yes admittedly I was probably one of the oldest in the room.  Synopsis: service excellent, food outstanding, cocktails amazing.  We dined a scaramouche last week and most of us hated (and I don't use that word often) the cocktails. Here we found each one unique, beautifully presented and most important tasty.  The oysters were all delicious and fresh even though I don't understand serving a hot sauce with something so flavourful.  Duck confit- score. I think there was deep fried apple in there.  Steak - beautiful cut and perfectly cooked but I have to admit I dont like my steak covered in sauce but I think that was my mistake. The fennel salad had too much of a similar creamy texture. Fried oysters were lost. Daughter had trout and which was excellent and beautifully paired with watermelon radish.  Perfect white ganache to sip on.  Would highly recommend this restaurant.~apple steak - steak fennel salad radish. white 
Great cocktails, fantastic ambiance, fun staff. The first time I went I would have given a 5 star because the food was actually heaven. The second go... the food was bland, boring and uninspired. The plates were also quite small. Was a disappointment. Great date spot if you would just like some drinks though.~date 
Not many reviews of this small restaurant, which surprises me. Wasn't sure what to expect.  Liked: drinks were good; bathroom was very nice; duck confit croquettes very good; oysters fresh and yum.  Disliked: they never brought my last drink so we had to cancel the order and leave (restaurants: why won't you bring me alcohol!! So frustrating); pork belly was good but the accoutrements didn't really make sense; fries good but dip boring; horseradish for oysters totally no heat; wouldn't let us sit at a 4 top that never got sat--when they realized this (if it really was being held prior) we should have been offered to move; sliding door/wall wide open and I was freezing.  Too expensive for the area. Better stick to downtown.~pork fries horseradish 
Smooth but strong balanced drinks,  amazing decor and perfectly fried malt vinegar fries. Some of the best octopus I've ever had.  Just be mindful that portions are more like tapas but very attentive waiters will describe everything eloquently  before the start of your meal.  Definitely going back to try the oysters!~fries. 
Ate there last night we were a party of 7, while it did take us some time to go through the wine list, we had a hard time finding something suitable for everyone, luckily the second bottle we ordered was pretty good but also expensive at 80 for a bottle of local wine from Norman Hardie, I will say though the waiter was very good in explaining the wines. Food service took some time and while we initially ordered oysters it took easily 30 minutes to get them out. We had a variety of sides but had to ask for more and at $6 for a plate of olives it's a bit pricey. The Cauliflower was pretty good but very salty, the shrimp and grits were excellent. In terms of mains I had the quail which was served on a piece of toast with a corn type salad, it was not hearty at all and very boney, a little pricey for the amount of food served up. My wife had a steak as did a few others at the table, no one was really raving about it, I tried it and felt it was very buttery. The others had the seafood broth or whatever fancy french word they used, I tried it and it was very good, that was the winner at the table. Dessert unfortunately there was only one choice and no one went for it, i thought that was a bit sad to not offer more towards the end. Overall our bill came to just under 600 with tip, I feel that when there is a big party a restaurant should not bring down their service, nobody came to ask us how are food was, no one asked us if they can get us anything else, our wine glasses were touched up on once and there was no explanation of any food that was coming out of the kitchen except for the oysters. I thought that area was lacking. Nice atmosphere and we are lucky we had good company, but overall this place is average as many places in Toronto and will have to get a little better in certain areas.  I would suggest maybe adding a few more items to the menu under mains and dessert.~cauliflower shrimp corn salad, steak 
On a desolate Sunday night, Marie and I wandered off the streets into this undiscovered restaurant (at least to us) like some sort of lucid vagabonds.    We heard that our good friend Alex (former chef of Farmhouse) was back in town and had recently taken the reigns of this Parkdale restaurant.. not to mention that Geraldine was on our "places to go" list for quite some time anyway... So it seemed like the perfect time to go.   As soon as we walked in, we fell into a time-warp and instantly we were transported to the 1920s during prohibition. The vibe was cool and calm, the staff was warm and friendly.   First, the drinks.... Marie had warned me about the prices of the drinks and I couldn't understand why they charged so much for cocktails.  Needless to say, I ate my words in the form of a beverage.  Easily the best cocktails in the city, no contest.   Michael is a wizard behind the bar, constructing his elixirs right in the open for on-lookers to see.  I was thrilled to see REAL Absinthe on the cocktail menu, but I was even more excited when I saw how he prepared it and presented it.  I am not going to spoil it for you, you just have to see for yourself... Amazing.   Our server Brendan offered up some oysters from East Coast to West Coast.  This guy knew his shit and you could tell he took pride in his work.  He took care of us for the evening, we never felt rushed and it was completely relaxing.... or perhaps that was the Absinthe talking?  For me, Chef Molitz' challenge was going to be finding his stride within the French realm of cooking and technique.  This is a stark contrast to the rustic Modern-Canadian style that we are all use to from Alex.  So this dinner was going to be interesting, at least from the point of view of a French food geek like myself.   There is a reason why Alex is revered as one of Toronto's best; his ability to serve up consistent, rich flavours that are on point and familiar to the senses.  The Duck Croquette reminded me of childhood dinners of mash potatoes and turkey at Thanksgiving.  And the Duck Confit was crispy and salty just as it should be, served with bean cassoulet that was smokey and creamy.   Delicious.   If I had to order one thing on the menu, (aside from the Absinthe of course) it would be the Vietnamese Coffee and Chocolate Chip cookies.  It simply hits all the right areas.  Geraldine is a classic.~coffee cookies. 
Really beautiful little date spot with fantastic oysters, small plates, and absinthe cocktails. If you're lucky, you'll get a live show by a charming piano player at the end of the night.   I'm looking forward to many more meals here. It's a great addition to the neighbourhood.~date 
My go to, my comfort zone, my favourite spot! Alas, suddenly it closed on August 20. No farewell, no fanfare. I was lucky to have visited it a few weeks before. They had new cocktails, and Alex, the owner was with us again that night. She is truly incredible. If there was ever someone who made you feel welcome, catered to, accommodating, all of it, it was her. I'll never forget being allowed to peek into their kitchen and buy a full log of foie gras bouchon! Alex, the chef, explained the process and ingredients, it all made sense then. Oysters were always great, as well as their charcuterie platter, ceviche, streak tartare, duck confit croquettes..sigh. Bye bye world class cocktails, prepared with so much love and precision. Charlemagne, Fountain and Parisienne Milk Punch!  Please return in another reincarnation.~milk 
This is the absolute worst place in Downtown Champaign (other than Phoenix), and I mean that in the best way possible. On a Friday night, the place was near deserted after about 10:30pm, with a regular or two, a couple of drunks and a group of quiet students. Seating is in cramped booths unsuitable for people taller than 6', or at the bar. The interior is hideous: bugly, dated paneling, linoleum and illumination by neon promo signs. My kind of place.  They have 2 beers on tap as I recall, PBR and High Life. The special that night was Hamm's cans, which were had for (surprisingly, to me) more than a dollar each. The good news is that either Hamm's is a lot better than I remember, or I was drunker than I thought. I had been drinking 'good' beer at other downtown establishments known for the same, but the Hamm's were somehow better. Thinking about how well those Hamm's hit the spot makes me want one right now.  The Brass Rail has an internet juke box to kill the otherwise oppressive silence, and is a total ripoff if you put less than $5 in, but has an impressive selection. They have a soft-tip dartboard, a couple of tvs and a broken pinball machine. They also have frozen pizza that they can make for you for less than $5, but it is pretty crappy pizza. Huber's' pizza is way better. Ours got burnt black in places and was too salty but  was still promptly devoured. For two days I wondered how I burned my mouth.  Service is great, and friendly. The bartender has an excellent rapport with her patrons, a quick wit and a kindness that comes across right away. I can definitely see this as a place to go back to.~pizza pizza pizza 
another F & E grocery store.. i can't help myself..i love shopping at fresh and easy. this one is bright and clean and normally is fully stocked.  i usually pop in for the veggies, pop chips, hummus, chicken. you can find some great deals on their veggies. if you really want to save money- they have an aisle of items getting ready to expire that day and you can get those items for 50 percent off!   i will let you in on my favorite treats:  spongecake and a dollop of fat free whip and fresh strawberries yummy!~chips, chicken. 
I have been here a few times but have to remember to come here more often.   I LOVE it!   I've never made it past the refrigerated and prepared foods section, but who needs to! You can find everything you need right there.   The meat section is beautiful to look at, they have a whole section of prepared heat and eat dinners, side, soups, sauces etc. grab a premade one or grab a few ingredients and make your own!   My favorite so far would be the Tub of Alfredo sauce, package of fresh pasta, and package of chicken breast strips ..YUM!  Dinner in 20 anyone? ;-)  Their Tomato basil soup is Amazing too!!   I scored dinner for 3 last night for ......$7!!!!  2 packages of their heat and eat mac and cheese and 2 packages of Tilapia, all ready and in about 10 minutes!   Seriously if you are trying to save money and still want to eat good, fresh and easy food then this your place!~pasta, chicken tomato mac and cheese 
The short story on F&E and why I shop here:  - I can be in and out (when I have my checklist) in less than 10min, no lines, ever! - Open 8am-10pm, so I can go before work or after work and again, no lines - free food tasting in case you're hungry and want to munch on something while you shop - carry these "Eat Well" options that have salmon and veggies and aren't carb loaded - quick lunch spot - "Friends" reward card is easy to earn points and redeem them for grocery credit - their staff is helpful but not annoying - have quite a bit of options and variety considering it's a small grocery space - clearance aisle is kick butt and offers great savings~salmon 
so check it out: they have these prepackaged meals in the back that you just pop in the microwave and BAM!, there's dinner. well I'm not one to sacrifice on taste so I was really thrilled with the chicken masala.  4 and a half minutes later I was eating some pretty tasty lunch, and it only cost 479 or whatever (if I were literate I would have read that if I purchased three there would have been a 20% discount).  Also tasted the bacon and cheese quiche, not microwaveable but really exceptional.  My good man dallas g. bought two types of hummus, both largely satisfactory and more!  (spicy jalapeno hummus and roasted red pepper hummus...)  But on the way home, we passed this guy in a late-model convertible mustang, top up, windows closed, wearing his fuck-me sunglasses and smoking a cigar?!?!  So I take away one star for that because any business situated this close to that type of douchebaggery needs to be smacked down, and smacked down hard.  I am quite certain that were we able to see the whole wardrobe there would be socks with tevas going on down below.  Or crocs.  same diff.  But I add one star back for the fact that you can pretty much get any bag of veggies and just pop them in the micro for a nice steamed side dish, or all their meats that look good, or the fact that capn crunch was the first thing I saw on the way in.  It's all good, after all.~chicken bacon cheese jalapeno 
Fresh and Easy is a nice, quick stop for something satisfying to eat. As a general rule, I don't usually do the majority of my grocery shopping here. Their produce seems very overpriced to me and being that veggies are the primary food group for my family, it does not make much sense for me. However, their pre-made meals are great. The soups are delicious and we frequently grab one of their pasta dinners to share for dinner. Their breakfast burritos are also pretty good :) For what it offers, this is a good place to buy your groceries--just don't go into it expecting the variety of goods you may see at Fry's.~pasta burritos 
Some would wonder why bother to review a chain?  Well each store is different from the other and it largely depends on the managment and the employees.  Sure most Fresh & Easy stores have the same things.  They have great, fresh prepackaged meals.  They have daily specials.  They have veggies or fruit for 98 cents....yes, that's what I said....98 cents!  They also have a case full of things that need to be sold or they will be past their freshness date so they mark them down for quick sale.  Score if you are needing something quick for that very evening!  And their prices are lower than Fry's, Safeway, Basha's or just about anywhere else.  I once purchansed two weeks worth of food for $35 at Fresh and Easy.  Most everything I bought was on sale or just darn cheap!!  Their gallons of milk are only $1.98!  You can't beat that!    This particular Fresh and Easy is just up the street from my house.  It's always clean and well stocked.  The employees are friendly and helpful.  So if you're in the neighboorhood and need something, even bringing some beer or wine to a friends place, stop in to this Fresh and Easy.  It's a great one in my book!~date milk 
This is definitely a great place to go to for a quick healthy meal. I got a salmon and BBQ pork here for 2 separate meals. It takes no more than 30 minutes to prep them and the portion is good enough for 2 people. I also got some crackers and meat to make bruschetta and it was so delicious. Staffs are friendly and the supermarket is very organized. I am so glad that it is located in Chandler.   The only reason I didnt give it a 5 versus 4 is because their items are very pricy. I'm sure it might help lowering the cost if I have coupons (which I don't).   I will definitely come back here again.~salmon bbq pork 
This is one of those places which in theory is great to have around. A mall/plaza with a Health Clinic, a convenience store, a Goodwill to buy cheap books, glassware/cutlery and the odd piece of clothing --you might be surprised at the quality! A Rexall, a shoe repair place, a sushi place, Swiss Chalet and even a Mc'D's. Plus a few others, however, the entire place has a surreal and depressing vibe to it.   I do not know what it is. Is it the cheap-vibed, slightly-out-of-Fight-Club lighting? The lame green/pink plastic colour scheme of the interior decour? Or just the down in their luck look that most patrons seem to have in this place. Just look into the McD's and you will notice a lot of people there seem, you know, to be just hanging out and kill time. For a LONG time.   Don't get me wrong, as stated above, this place has it's advantages and usefulness if you leave nearby. Which I did, I was about 5 minutes west towards Yonge and Bloor but I have to say, this is one of those places where you walk in, do what you need to do and get the heck out because when the most cheery looking place in the whole "mall" is the Rexall, then you know, this place can and will bum you out.~sushi 
My name is David and I am addicted to sweets. I started my day with a trip to Crepe Shack and still stopped at Sweet Ruby Jane to look at their selection of desserts.  For a long time I thought that the Southeast was falling behind to Summerlin, but not any more. The growth of unique, affordable, and fun eateries has made it so that I rarely venture up north anymore.   SRJ offers many delectable treats for a reasonable price. Before committing to anything, they offer tastings of the day. The macadamia white fudge is magnificent. They were not pieces of the nut, but actual whole ones mixed into the confection. Since I had eaten my amount of sweets for the day, I had picked up a piece of pumpkin cake ($2.25) and a package of peanut butter cookies ($3) for my parents. I took a bite of the cake while sitting with my mom and it was moist, had the signature taste of fall, and not sickeningly sweet. The cookies were on sale since they were not made that day. A pack of four large cookies were only $3. I felt them and they were still soft.   They were doing a test run on seasoned roast nuts. The curry one was nice, but needed more spice. The lady behind the counter was very receptive about suggestions. Nice to see people wanting an honest opinion instead of asking and turning a deaf ear.~white pumpkin cake ( butter cookies ( cake cookies cookies 
After picking my son up late from pre-school/daycare he asked for a "cake-pop" and happy to oblige I headed toward Starbucks. We turned in to the drive through and like a beacon in the night I saw the back door of Sweet Ruby Janes touting "cake-pops". I'd been intrigued before and this was my chance.   To my surprise they were giving away free anniversary cake pops, which was fab-u-lous. So Gibson chose a red velvet cake pop and I went to the tea wall. What a pleasant surprise, I picked out a Sunny Passion tea, got a chocolate nut bar for Patrick and let Gibson pick out a couple more pieces; a raspberry butterfly sucker and a white chocolate covered Oreo.   Oh, and thanks to the kind saleswoman I got a cake pop too!  I didn't even make it to the freezer for the icy treats, which is my soft spot.  I'll be back to check it out.  And the decor . . . is adorable. Just the shop you want to pick out delicious candies and teas from.   By the way, everything was delicious.  Choco covered Oreo was unbelievable, it had such a nice thick coating of white chocolate.  The fact that I was tardy was completely forgotten!~cake- cake- cake cake tea tea, white cake white 
Very cute store! Came in here because i thought there would be some cupcakes, but there wasn't any :( Lots of lovely decorated treats behind the counter! The lady who helped me said the chocolate dipped pretzels were the most popular so I picked up one ($1.85). I could see another person in the back with a bag of Snyders pretzels dipping them in chocolate. The pretzel honestly was just Ok, nothing too special. These little treats can definitely be made at home! I might be back if I was in the area or needed a fast gift for someone.~cupcakes, 
Came here for a tea tasting (they also sell tea from a local proprietor), and found out I love this place!  I am a bit of a chocolate snob, so the first thing I noticed was the white chocolate has a bit of yellow to it- this is good people!  White chocolate that is too white looks that way because more fat and sugar has been added to stretch it, none of those cheap tricks here.  I also like that it's a small family business (owners are sisters, Ruby Jane was their grandmother), which I always feel good supporting.  Alright, enough rambling, onto the chocolate!  What I had: White chocolate bark with caramel and toasted coconut.  My favorite item :) and one of the cheaper ones since it didn't have heavy stuff like caramel and peanut butter (most items are priced by weight).  Macadamia and cashew caramel nut clusters with dark chocolate?  Well OK, if you twist my arm!  SO yummy, and used whole nuts.  White chocolate covered almonds.  Simple and tasty, would get these again.  Dark chocolate peanut butter cup, probably my least favorite thing.  It was still good, but not out of this world.  Dark chocolate covered caramel.  Excellent caramel, but I like mine topped with a nice sea salt for the sweet/salty flavor combo, and their version didn't have that touch.~tea tea white white white white caramel coconut. caramel butter ( caramel white butter caramel. caramel, 
I love the people that work there. They are not as good or have the selection of Layers, Freeds, maybe even  dainty cakes but what they do, they do well. They have some top notch cookies and gourmet-esque cup cake/muffins.~cookies 
Super cute little sweet shop and bonus it's next to a Starbucks because these treats go great with a coffee!   Lots of choices and if you're a chocolate lover prepare your waistline. The chocolate covered grahams were awesome and the toffee (and maybe another ingredient?) brittle was great too.   Nothing crazy about the prices, seemed pretty fair. The guy who helped me was nice and seemed happy to have someone stop in. I haven't been back in but it'd be a great place to grab some treats to bring to the family over the holidays!~coffee! 
Where to start! Saw it just opened, and I love sweets! My coworker and I walked over to check it out and tried a bunch of things, and I must say, bravo! Ill be a frequent flyer here.   Try their banana bread cupcakes. I only.know one person who makes baked goods this well, and thats my momma back in chicago. these guys have great service and a welcoming little store. Ill be back for sure. :)~banana cupcakes. 
I didn't know much about Sweet Ruby Jane Confections, before walking in the door. It's right next to Starbucks and has really cute Vintage Style signage and colors, so I decided to take the kids inside for a treat before getting coffee at Starbucks.   It has a small storefront, which is fine for a candy store. Let me say, that I was expecting it to be more of a candy store, it really seemed to have more Chocolatey treats. No complaints from the kids about that though. We were greeted by friendly counter staff, offered several samplings for free, and finally my kids decided on a marshmallow, chocolate covered treat on a stick. They were about $2 each, tasted fine and the kids liked them. Not sure if it was the right selection for $2 a piece though.   They have a birthday club, where you sign up and get free stuff on your birthday. I need to go back to sign up.   The friendly lady behind the counter also told us that they do birthday parties for kids, where they made some sort of treat. I'm definitely going to check this out when birthday time rolls around again. It sounds like it would be a lot of fun for kids.~coffee 
The confections were very tasty, we had a dark chocolate turtle, a piece of toffee bark, and a birthday cake pop. The young girl helping us wasnt friendly though so the cuteness and welcoming feel to the store was cheapened a bit by her dulness. Great candy though!~cake 
Peanut butter blossom cookies are awesome, as are the sugar free chocolate covered pretzels!  Will be back soon!~butter cookies 
I love this place.  So many options ranging from baked treats to chocolates and even ice cream sandwhiches.  I have been here before and got some baked goods which I don't recall what they were but they were great.  Today I stopped in and got some sugar free chocolate candy which was great and I also got an ice pop made with fruit to have for later.  This is a great place for when you have a sweet tooth or even a place to get sweet gifts for somebody.~ice cream 
What a cute shop!! Not to mention, they have a little bit of everything.   We couldn't resist a trip in after breakfast at the neighboring Sunrise Cafe. There were loads of seasonal treats to choose from. We picked up some cute rice krispie treat ghosts for a little gift. They came in a cute bag too!   I indulged in a delightful, chewy, cookie. Only $1. Yum.  They had suckers, chocolates, ice cream, cookies, cake pops and more.   I would highly recommend it for a bday or hostess gift or holiday treat for your favorite bambino.   Stop in and splurge.~ice cream, cookies, cake 
I stumbled upon this place when my wife called for emergency Pho from Saigon 8 (same parking lot.) I had 10 minutes to kill and I was already going to be a victim of pho bloat so I figured I had nothing to lose.  The place is charming as hell, everything is blue and appears to be hand made. We got several huge cookies which were extremely reasonably priced, some nut/chocolate combos that were excellent and one exquisite red velvet cookie. Red velvet cookie. It was rad. The cake pops were the only thing I'd call mediocre.  Also the bell is loud enough to make you poop your pants. The confectioner who assisted me said it was because the bakery (rear of the shop, rather large) was loud and they had to be able to hear customers.  Will return. Better value than expected.~cookies cake bell 
My wife and I stopped in after leaving Vegas for a few days of losing money and seeing good shows.  Ruby Jane was so sweet to us and extremely helpful in explaining each of the chocolates to us.  The pumpkin bread is amazing and actually everything in our box of chocolates was pretty tasty.  Great job!~pumpkin 
Another stop (actually, make that 3 stops already, and counting) on my ongoing bakery tour of Las Vegas. I was kind of skeptical of Sweet Ruby Jane's because it seemed like a blatant rip-off of the famous Sweet Lady Jane bakery in LA. It may be that, but I don't care because this Jane has delicious treats. I think I have sampled all of the cookies and they are all good, but the best are the oatmeal (it doesn't even taste like oatmeal! more like a light sugar cookie with an oat-y texture) and the toffee. So good. They are big, thin cookies, so not too doughy, but they are still soft. I also had the chocolate-dipped pretzels (good) and several of the dipped marshmallows (milk chocolate, dark chocolate, caramel, toffee...delicious!). I see reviews for chocolate-covered grahams, so I will definitely be trying those next. The little store is super cute, with outdoor seating (kinda sucks if the weather is hot, cold, or windy) and the owner was very friendly.  Also of note were the prices here - $9 for a dozen cookies! In the bakery world, that's pretty reasonable. And I can't remember the exact price, but I think the marshamallows are about $0.50 each.~cookies cookies, milk caramel, cookies! 
A great local confectioner. I love the chocolate covered peanut brittle and the chocolate covered caramel corn. I love that everything is named after family and friends.~caramel corn. 
This place has very good chocolate treats.  I love the selection of s'mores pretzels, caramels, and other chocolate goodies.  Most of their items come with either milk or dark chocolate.  And they sell milk to wash it down with.  I really like the quality of the chocolate and how helpful the employees were there.  I will be back because this place rocks!~milk milk 
note - as of this writing address listed on Yelp is still the old location. New location address is  9550 S. Eastern #110. Already submitted change on 9/7.  New location, same sweet super cute place. They're all moved into their new home over at Sansone Park Place. Sweet Ruby Janes still the same sweet shop that specializes in homemade candies and sweet treats like cake pops and cookies.  At a Yelp event they attended (Rock N Roll KissMas) I met the owners when they had cake pops and learned all the treats made in their shop are recipes handed down by the owners grandma.  My (and Mr. B's) favorite confections gotta be their butter toffees. Especially the toffee chip cookies. Their toffee brittle is smooth,shiny and tastes so buttery. You dont have to bite too hard to break off a piece.    You will also find oreo, pretzels and TWINKIES dipped in CHOCOLATE!. I like that they are individually wrapped with cute packaging and make fun little surprise gifts for those "just cause" occasions.   Now that they're in the strip mall with some of the restaurants I frequent (Cafe Zupas) I'll pop in more when I need to get cookies at their happy hour...and who knows I might even share them with ya!~cake cookies. cake butter cookies. cookies 
Since I was near by...thought I'd drop by this decorative shop full of Sweetz! :)   We bought 2 chocolate chip cookies and an Oatmeal crisp.  The chocolate chip cookies were a bit of a disappointment as they were a bit too cake-like/spongy (too much eggs in them).  The chocolate chips were tasty and not overly sweet.  The batter was good as well, unfortunately...I like my cookies a bit more...firm.    I'm not much of an Oatmeal cookie kinda girl but I couldn't pass up the oatmeal crisp.  Just as the lady behind the counter stated, it was one of their best treats and I couldn't agree with more.    They had an array of samples out.  Good for customer service, good for business.   Will be coming back to this great little shop. :) Starbucks next door, watch out!  TK~cookies cookies cake- chips cookies 
Friendly service! Nice layout and presentation. We had a lil of this and that all of it was devine!  Chocolate chip cookie-humungo! Soft with slightly crispy edges.  Brownie crinkle-also big it was sweet,chocolatey and  moist. Sugar free dark chocolate raisin and almond drops-surprisingly tasty! M&M/chocolate covered pretzel-yummy Peanut butter cup-delicious. Over all everything we had was amazing.~raisin almond butter 
People who are too sweet irritate me but Ruby Jane is as sweet as you can get and I'm not irritated yet. One visit is all it takes to keep you wanting to come back. First of all their sign is so eye catching from the road and the size of the sign makes it easy to spot. Right when you walk in you are instantly drawn to the many varities of chocolate everythings.... The Smores with caramel is freakin awsome as well as those Oatmeal Crispies. I was hestitant to eat an Oatmeal Crispie as I only enjoy chewy cookies and it says it's crisp. The lady behind the counter told me that's it's crisp around the edges but chewy inside and boy was she right. You can taste all the butter- trust me this cookie is a winner. Another winner for me was the Chocolate Crinkle cookie - tastes just like a dark chocolate brownie. There were lots of festive Halloween goodies to be had. I bought a rice krispie dipped in chocolate on a stick and a large marshmallow dipped in white and dark chocolate on a stick with eyes for my kid. She equally loved both of them. My sister loved her turtle.... A miss for me was what seemed like a saltine cracker dipped in chocolate. I bought it because it said that is was a salty/sweet treat and I like salty/sweet but this didn't work for me. However, someone else may really like this- there's always something for someone right?.... If you sign up to be part of their club every month you get to have a good sized sample of their new item. For October it was Pecan Brittle and the Lady said for December it very well might be Peppermint Bark - so sign up- - it's free!!!! The Lady also let me sample the Pumpkin Fudge - Yummy!!!  My mouth is happy that this place is close to home but my bootie isn't - Sweet Ruby Jane is my new habit.......~caramel cookies white pumpkin 
I AM THAT KID IN THE CANDY STORE  After eating dinner next door at Greens and Proteins, my friend and I walked by and I did a double take, not realizing Sweet Ruby Jane's was in the same shopping plaza--score!  Two bookmarked places in one night!  Alas, it was 6:20pm and before we could get inside, one of the ladies was already locking the door--closing time was 6:00pm!  As we stood peeking through the windows at the goodies inside, the kind lady had pity on us and unlocked the door-- talk about sweet customer service!  Because I then felt pressure to hurry and up and not delay their closing for the night, I didn't get a good look at everything Sweet Ruby Jane's had to offer, but what I did see  was delectable.  Chocolate-covered strawberries, pretzels, cake pops, chocolate-covered Almond Rocha (my favorite candy!), peanut brittle, and more.  We chose a few of the pretzels, a cake pop, and a brownie pop--for a sugar addict like me, that's nothing.  I highly recommend this place for its freshly made sweets and the outstanding customer service--you know I'll be back, giving myself plenty of time to browse the selection and spend more on the sugar.~greens cake almond cake 
Super cute shop!  Love the whole look and vibe.  They have a lot of candy and some baked goods.  My son got a few different of the old school candies they had, that was after I talked him out of the starburst...really you want starburst of all things?  I got a red velvet cake pop and some chocolate covered animal crackers.  Both were good.  I wish I would have got some of their chocolates, so I guess that is what I will get next time.  Prices were good and service was friendly.  We didn't see any samples or sign ups for a e-club or birthday club.  Will have to look harder next time or ask.  We will def be back.~cake 
Yum Yum Yum! After eating a healthy meal at Proteins and Greens next store I walked by this little gem( at least I had a healthy lunch haha). I decided just to go inside and take a look at what they were offering and was immediately offered a delicious sample. I tried this delicious nut cluster thing and it was just amazing. I ended up getting an oatmeal crisp and my bf got a slice of the pumpkin cake. The cake was really moist and not overly sweet and the oatmeal cookie was just perfect. I've been back 2 more times since then and everything has been delicious. You've got to check it out if you are in the area. Oh and try the white chocolate peanut butter fudge mmmm!~greens pumpkin cake. cake white butter 
Just as I was trying to stop eating sweets Sweet Ruby Jane moves in next door!  The good news is they make a great selection of sugar free candy!  My favorite is the sugar free chocolate-covered almonds...Awesome!    They make everything fresh there and the cookies are amazing because of that.    That and the owners are very nice people!~cookies 
Amazing donuts and very friendly service! Best kept secret at this place? Chicken empanadas! Delicious, flaky pastry encase a delectable meat filling. Two of these make a yummy and convenient lunch, specially when served with a salad or soup. They only have these mon-Saturday, and is often sold out in the afternoon.~chicken salad 
It's great having this little bakery in the neighborhood! It's our one stop shop to pick up a loaf of bread, some hot dog buns and pandesal. I really like their empanadas and ensaymada as well. I really have to lay off their little cakes and donuts though.  The little store front is very functional, but they really should spruce up the joint.~hot dog 
I was in the area and I heard really good things about this place so I thought I would give it a try. Aww.....delicious I absolutely love this place. The donuts were to die for.  I mean literally if you eat too much you could die. I.really like the chocolate crossaint. The front desk was very friendly and patient. The parking wasnt too bad, just be careful cars are  crazy here.  There was a line up which tells me that if you go early you will get a better selection. I think I should avoid this place for my waist line but those pastries...my mind says I must go back!~pastries... 
This was really close to a 5 star rating. My wife and I stopped in here because we needed some bread.  Our first time here we were pleasantly greeted by a lady behind the counter. We picked up our loaf and proceeded to check out the pastries and donuts.  I opted for a dutchie and my wife got a cheese Danish. The dutchie was *really* good it was just sweet enough and fresh. My wife loved her Danish, fresh and yummy. We also got 2 coffees to go. This was our only complaint I prefer a stronger coffee and this didn't cut it for me.  If the coffee was a bit better this would easily be a 5*.  Some of the baked treats we've had in a while. Great prices.~pastries cheese coffee coffee 
Still 5-star worthy in 2014. I'm not here year-round, so I only get to check in a few times a year, but everything is as I remember in my last (more extensive) review.    As Vijaya notes in her review, the donuts are yeast variety, which I don't usually like because of their consistency (I usually prefer the denser cake-donut variety). But here they do something to give the very light donut a bit of a crunch. I put it down to "magic".  Vijaya also notes that the Boston creme filling is spread, not injected - I see this as preferable to a big glob in one quarter of the donut, because you get creme in every bite.  To each their own, I guess.   On my visits this summer, I was overjoyed to see BUTTER TARTS. I'd asked in prior years if they ever made them, and was told "only around Christmas", but by popular request they had them, and on special for $4.50 for 6!  These are not huge tarts, but they are excellent, and for comparable quality they would be twice the price at "The Flaky Tart" and other winning tart makers. I'm not a fan of raisins in my butter tarts, and P.U.B. makes them with and without, also a plus for me.~cake- butter butter 
This is such a nice bakery on Port union road, and has the best no fuss coffee. ( To me). They re donuts are nothing like anything you get at a Timmys, starbucks, country style, anywhere but a small bakery that makes they re own donuts. They re a bit crispy, even the yeast donuts, but not stale, Ive never had a stale donut from this place. They re a good size, and they re cheap.  .  Now they re coffee, its just really good simple coffee!. I have no idea if its fair trade or any of that and really I dont care, its always fresh, and never burnt tasting. I cant go on about coffee because I dont know all the fancy lingo people used to describe it, but its GOOD!.~coffee. coffee, coffee 
Port Union bakery is exactly what you would expect from your local bakery.  A small local bakery, that is.  They offer usual variety of breads (white, whole wheat and multi grain loaves, some buns and dinner rolls, banana bread...etc), small snacks like sausage rolls and Jamaican patties...etc) and pastries in a tiny 200 Sqft store with barely enough room to move around with a stroller.    Since the store is owned by Filipino people (I think), they also offer Ensaymada which I have yet to try but will update this review once I do.    What they offer is a good old basic staples so if you're craving a nice crusty baguette or a buttery flaky croissant, this place may not do it for you.  But for your everyday need for the basic stuff, you can be certain that you'll be served with a smile.~white, wheat banana sausage pastries 
I've been eating food from here for over 10 years & I think it's worth checking out if you're in the area! It's a no frills kinda bakery. Nothing very fancy, take out only, kinda out dated. The people working here are very sweet & make some yummy food.   Best time to come is early in the morning to get it while it's still hot. My personal favourite thing they make are donuts! Super yummy! They also make awesome muffins, cookies, pudding, croissants! I'm personally not the biggest fan of the buns because they're a little sweet for my liking but my Mom adores them.   I'd stop by if you're in the area!~cookies, 
I love their chicken and beef empanadas. First time I had them was back 2006 at my cousin's wedding. Whenever my cousins come visit me or vice versa these empanadas needs to come home with me.   One time thought it was way tooo much pepper.~chicken beef 
Port Union Bakery was one of those places, based on reviews, that I really wanted to like.  For one, it's a neighborhood joint, family run. Also, the thought of local fresh baked goods was alluring, as I am a fiend for carbs. And, it's only a 10 minute drive from where I live, so total score right?  Well, here are my thoughts. I headed out this morning around 11 am to grab a doughnut or two. Prime time for baked goods, I would hope. They had quite the variety: Chocolate Dip, Vanilla Dip, Sugar, Cinnamon/Sugar Twist, etc. All were yeast based I thought, or at least not cake doughnut-like.  I chose the Boston Cream, and Dutchie. They both had crumbly textures and were on the drier side. Disappointing :(  I had anticipated the fluffy, chewy texture associated with a yeast doughnut, and was totally let down. May be they use baking powder/soda here instead? I don't know. Moreover, the vanilla pudding/custard/cream in the Boston Cream was spread sparingly. No squishy, gooey goodness here.  I hate to say it, as I am one to root for the underdog, but Tim Hortons has better.  I may return to try their Empanadas down the road.~doughnut cake doughnut- doughnut, 
I don't eat sweets and instead go here for the whole wheat bread and hamburger buns.  Simply the freshest fluffy whole wheat in the area.~wheat wheat 
Zum Abschluß eines kleinen Städtetrips sind wir der Empfehlung eines Reiseführers gefolgt und haben das Restaurant Goldfisch in Stuttgart aufgesucht. Ein tolles kleines Lokal. Geschmackvoll und nicht zu grell eingerichtet. Anders als andere asiatische Lokale. Der erste Eindruck war gut. Wir setzten uns neben die Theke und wurden auch direkt sehr freundlich bedient. Ich habe den hausgemachten Mango-Eistee getrunken. So wirklich lecker war er nicht, aber okay. Die Speisekarte ist umfangreich - für jeden etwas dabei. Wir bestellten Reis mit Gemüse und Huhn und eine Art Eintopf mit Kartoffeln und Erdnuss-Sauce. Das Essen war lecker und nett angerichtet. Nach unseren Erwartungen und den Preisen etwas wenig. Die Toiletten sind ein Abenteuer:)~mango- 
I like dressing nicely. In fact, I know more about fashion than the gf, even though she dress very well too. To my knowledge they biggest sale they have is like 10% or 15% off full priced items each year. I know, eh? I think twice a year they'll have 40% off sale, but the stuff I like is never on sale ... ANYWAY  Only going to talk about the men's shoes:  This store carries a great deal of both low-end and higher end shoes (mid-tier=churchs if you frequent SF). The thing about shoes in general is that most of the time, their price to quality ratio is pretty much on par. The more expensive the shoe is, the better quality it is (again, this is generally only for dress shoes).  That is true when it comes to high-end men's fashion, like Gaziano & Girling ($1500+), Crockett & Jones ($650+), Alden($500+), Carmina ($500+), and Allen Edmonds ($300 - 500). The aforementioned brands demonstrate QUALITY with an increasing price point.  However, this store carries some "fashionable" shoe brands like Mr. Hare, which is blake-welted shoe with corrected grain (I think) and priced at $900? That is ridiculous, considering I can buy a pair of Alden cordovans or Alfred Sargents for less money, which are both Goodyear Welted and far better quality! For example, they sell the brand "Fluevog", which seems to be cemented (sole is glued on / adhesive construction) for $300. That is preposterous! I can purchase a pair of Goodyear welted Allen Edmonds (full grain leather) for $300 when it's on sale (~4x a year in Toronto). The AE are better looking and the quality is exponentially better.  Secondly, some of the shoes here are out of date, namely some of the Church's styles. Note that Church's quality has fallen with being acquired by Prada. *Edit: They keep both old and new stock.  Gravity Pope seem to not offer any discounts on their old stock if it's "brand name", like Arcteryx Veilance and Church's, even though if it's from the seasons before. They need to realize that other stores in Toronto are offering large markdowns on their old stock at the end of the season to bring in the new stock...like Harry Rosen. Gravity Pope needs to hire better pricing strategists because I personally feel much of the stuff will be hard to sell with the exuberant prices now.~date, 
Went in for 2 iced coffees and an egg Mcmuffin. NEVER in my life did I think it would take me over 30 minutes to first place my order with one of the most incompetent cashiers I have ever seen in my 16 years of being in the service industry myself. I had to say 3 times to her alone what type of coffee I wanted, along with another 3 times to tell her I wanted it with ice. She then handed me the smallest hot coffee I have ever seen. She then, with an attitude the ENTIRE time, got a manager to come and help her. She then made me a coffee after I had to tell her twice as well what I wanted. She hands me two of the smallest ice coffees I have ever seen. I asked the cashier with an attitude if it was actually a medium because I am in shock as to how small it is. She grabs it out of my hand and holds the cup up while pointing to a small M on the side of it. I tasted both of the shit coffees they gave me. One tasted like chocolate milk and the other one tasted like straight espresso. What I ordered was two iced French Vanilla lattes, add mocha and add an extra turbo shot. I literally order this from a couple different McDonald's and know it's something they make. So. I then ask the bitch cashier to see a manager because at this point I'm just furious. She informs me the lady that made my coffees was my manager but her gm was also there. So I asked to speak to him. She stands there just yelling his name. I literally laughed to myself. The gm comes out from the back. He happens to be the man who I heard at the counter a few minutes before then telling the staff and pretty much anybody in there how he had to deal with another store being robbed of 487 dollars. Like. I'm an assistant gm. I have been a gm. You do NOT come in and act like that as a gm. I ask him if he can remake my coffee because they are not correct and taste like shit. I tell him what I want and he basically was telling me in a nut shell what I order at least 3 times a week, isn't possible. He luckily made me the coffees I asked for. And again with more attitude hands me my tiny ass little coffee. Then as I try to say thank you, he just pretends I'm not standing there and keeps commanding his lazy incompetent staff on where trash cans should be. Like come the fuck on Robert M. I think you paying attention to customer service, food times and what you're actual job entails rather than standing there bitching like a high school child. Literally no sooner did I turn around, another lady had come inside complaining about how she had been waiting 20 minutes for a caramel frappe. Somebody higher up needs to handle this store and teach their employees to have manners as well as know what they are supposed to be doing. It's common sense on how you treat people in restaurants, fast food or not. I will literally NEVER step foot into that place again and by the end of the day will be calling district managers and whoever else I can. I would recommend waiting at Dunkin Doughnuts where it would at least have been well worth the wait. Not feeling like I'm an inconvenience to somebody who is paid to do their job correctly and serve the customers who want what they paid for. Go back to school kids.~egg coffee coffee coffee milk coffee coffee. caramel doughnuts 
Durant l'été, le circuit Gilles Villeneuve est un endroit formidable pour rouler en vélo ou en roller-blade. La quasi absence de trafic routier sur le site en fait un endroit très sécuritaire pour s'adonner à son sport préféré. À cause de son revêtement conçu expressément pour la course automobile, il s'agit de la route la mieux entretenue de Montréal. C'est aussi un bon endroit pour courir si l'on préfère les longs parcours plats. À vélo, l'endroit est accessible par la piste cyclable du pont de la Concorde via le vieux Montréal. Pour le roller-blade ou la course à pied, je vous suggère d'utiliser le métro ou le pont Jacques Cartier.   Bien sûr, la semaine du grand-prix, le circuit fait place aux amateurs de F1. Il devient donc inaccessible aux cyclistes et autres promeneurs. L'endroit devient bondé de touristes internationaux attirés par l'atmosphère glamour du grand cirque de la F1. À ce moment, les prix de la restauration sur l'île frôlent le ridicule. Je conseil aux amateurs de course d'apporter un gouter, ce qui vous fera économiser beaucoup. Malgré cela, l'Île Notre-Dame reste la destination F1 la plus abordable au monde !  En conclusion, le CGV est à découvrir, surtout lorsque la F1 n'est pas de passage à Montréal. Vous découvrirez un endroit paisible, dans un milieu naturel et charmant. Le calme garanti.~sport 
This place is awesome!!! Super convenient when you need a work break!  The owner is really helpful and they have 12 different flavor choices!!  It is self serve frozen yogurt and toppings, it doesn't get any better!!!!~frozen yogurt 
Well how could you not be a fan of self-serve frozen yogurt?  This place is inside the Overstreet by Chik-fil-A.  It is a small spot but there is limited seating available.    You can mix your favorite flavors together to fit your palette!  They have great non-fat options including coconut and chocolate and others.  The birthday cake tastes like plain vanilla though fyi.  At 42 cents per ounce you can right-size your order!  They have a ton of toppings such as chopped pecans, marshmellows, fruit, coconut flakes etc etc...Love it!  :-D~frozen yogurt? coconut cake coconut 
Frozen Isle is located hidden in the Bank of America building, so if you try to find it from the street you won't have any luck. They have excellent frozen yogurt. The flavors taste great and the consistency is creamy without being too "icy". There are a lot of toppings to choose from and they let you taste flavors before you buy. It is serve yourself. The service is excellent and friendly. I come here all the time because I work across the street. They have a punch card program and they give two punches on Tuesdays. On par with what you would expect pricewise.  I did stop by the other day and it looked like they were closed (during a weekday lunch hour) which was kind of odd. I am hoping they haven't closed down for good!~frozen yogurt. 
Dear fro yo gods--thank you for finally planting yourself Uptown! My co-worker told me that she wanted some ice cream today and I promptly said "Hey, let's try The Frozen Isle, the new fro yo place" and couldn't have been happier. No longer do I have to go to Cold Stone or La Harris Teeter when I'm having a cold craving, I can just walk across the street to the Overstreet Mall!  Like some of my favorite fro yo places, you pay by the ounce so if you want something little, you can get a small portion or if you're having a bad day in corporate America, you can gorge! They have 10-12 different flavors ranging from fruity ones like strawberry, raspberry, pineapple to more decadent ones like french vanilla, banana cream, dark chocolate. The toppings rock as well--fresh fruit! None of that sugary fruit mix from a can that's swimming in syrup but fruit like blackberries, kiwi, blueberries and strawberries at their peak. And to top it all off-Ghirardelli syrups like caramel and chocolate plus they have punch cards that you can get punched for each visit, oh yeah!!  So I guess I need to add a "Frozen Isle" budget along to my coffee budget each week? I think I can swing that!~ice cream pineapple banana caramel coffee 
I cant believe I'm saying this....not all frozen yogurt is the same...I normally grab some white chocolate mousse frozen yogurt from Frozen Isle but I wasnt in the area so I went to Yo Fruitty located in Ballantyne instead...I should've known something was amiss when I walked in and it smelled soury (is that a word) and the gentleman asked if i wanted a sample and I saw they had white chocolate mousse...he gave me a sample and although it looked more icey than creamy I gave it a try...ewwwww...suffice to say I left the store empty handed, with a nasty taste on my tonge and will never stray from Frozen Isle again (except maybe to get ice cream from Baskin-Robbins).~frozen yogurt white frozen yogurt white ice cream 
This is one of those "dang, why did I not think of this and get filthy rich" ideas!  The shop in Charlotte is the pilot store for TFI...I imagine it is only a matter of time before they franchise the heck out of this.  The "do-it-yourself" frozen yogurt concept is a great idea, on many levels.  First, being able to make your own allows you to customize to your liking...no "ummm-ing and ahhh-ing" over a menu board.  It saves time in the line too!  You don't like what you got?  Can't complain to management, because you did it to yourself!  The topping bar is filled with all the typical favorite candy and chocolate toppings, as well as freshy fruit and nuts, if you are inclined to the more healthy options.  I am not, and promptly turned my cup of yogurt into a trip to Willy Wonka's magical chocolate factory.  Which brings me to my next point...it is easy for someone like me to get carried away in a place like this.  What starts out as a tiny cup of ice cream can turn into an $8 hayday supermarket sweep once you hit the topping bar!  But, once again...you can't complain about the price, because pricing is by weight.  You don't like what you're paying?  Get less!  It is very dangerous to open up a place like this within walking distance of my office....maybe I should just go ahead and buy the stock in this company now.~frozen yogurt ice cream 
Kitchen Stuff Plus is popping up all over the suburbs as of recently. This location of Kitchen Stuff Plus is fairly old.  I went into this store yesterday waiting for a friend to show up. I absolutely adore it. Upon walking in, within the first 3 minutes in the store, I was greeted not once, but twice by friendly employees there.  They are all friendly and eager to help (new perhaps? haha).    This store has some pretty unique items. You can find everything from mushroom brushes, dessert plates to lunch bags and toothbrush holders.  Speaking of lunchbags, I found these cool lunch bags, they looked kind of thermal, but with funky designs (soft shell) for $12! So cheap. I was tempted to buy one, then I realized, oh wait, I'm poor!  I was also tempted to buy some magnets, with designs like "download" and then a cartoon guy sitting on a toilet. hahaha, those were 3 for $8.  What a steal.   A place to go to find some really cheap plate sets and kitchen accessories!~mushroom 
I love this place. LOVE. Forget the overpriced kitchen-gadget stores on the Danforth. You will find the exact same stuff here for a fraction of the price.   I cannot go here without spending a small fortune. I always find so many useful items and gifts. Watching me shop here is probably frightening. I get far too excited and someone always needs to stop me before I start buying egg cups and yolk seperators with little cartoon chickens on them. If you've been to this store, you know exactly what I'm talking about.~egg 
This place is fantastic - they have a huge selection of stuff - and not just for the kitchen.  When we moved back to Canada we agonized over whether to ship our kitchen stuff and finally decided not to and instead replace it once we got here. At first I thought we had made the wrong decisions (try opening a can with a swiss army blade, or grating cheese by slicing it very very very thinly - not so fun or fast) - but after visiting this store on 3 separate occasions I no longer doubted our choice.  Not only is it way more fun to shop for new kitchen things then unwrapping old stuff from a box, but everytime I go in I see some new gadget that I had never even heard of - a stick to pull hot things out of the oven - anyone?  So far I have been buying the basics (peelers, spatulas, drying rack cutting board, measuring cups and so on - the quality is excellent - they carry Oxo which i'm obsessed with) but once that has been completed I can't wait to move onto the more 'nice to have but not essential things' they carry.~cheese 
Something must have changed since these other reviews were written, or else the others here are very high maintenance. Yes, some updates are needed and there was a notice in the lobby which pointed that was coming in June 2013. However, we had good wings and salad in the bar, wonderful and friendly service, HDTV with plenty of channels, re-tooled bathroom, old wall unit climate control, and older bed. For what it is, I submit this hotel was nice. It's all relative, you know? Listen, if you want top-notch in the 'Burgh you'll need to stay downtown and drop $300 per night. Got it? Everything was clean, everything worked, staff was knowledgeable and did their jobs, amenities WERE representative of a blue-collar old town 3/5 star airport area sleepery...I was pleased for the $140 out the door price (Monday night with a Steeler game in town). 4 stars on Yelp all the way! Give this place a try and then for sure we'll all be impressed come June '13.~salad 
The staff is wonderful, and the service was great.  I especially liked the aromatherapy package that was in the room. It contained a foot and hand treatment and some body spritz.  The templespa company which made the products owes a debt to the hotel for advertising the products. I am a fan.  The hotel is under renovation, and at the moment is a little out of date. In no time, it will be fixed out, and you will love the setting as much as I loved the service. There is a gym which carries yummy apples and is worth the visit.~date. 
I ventured out to Dane to visit Tootsie's a few weeks ago, and it was well worth the trip. When I told my friends where I was going for dinner, I was met with furrowed brows of confusion.  "Dane? Like the Great Dane?"  Admittedly, I was not familiar with the city or its citizens either, but I had heard great things about this little bar called Tootsie's and their inventive, and at times risky cuisine.  I found out quickly that  this little hometown gem was worth the back-country trek.    From the outside, this place looks like your standard dive bar, and honestly, it's appearance on the inside does too.  There are several tables set up for dining and a singular pool table lurking in the corner.  All of these things are fairly standard,  but what makes Tootsie's special is the proprietor, employees, and patrons.  We were there on a weekday night and the place was just banging.  Each person sitting at the bar was friendly and inviting.  Drinks were flowing and the party was on.  The owner was walking around and talking to everyone and the bartender and chef were equally amiable.    What was even more impressive was the food.  Tootsie's surprisingly houses a full kitchen in the back of the bar, making it possible to provide high end daily specials to patrons. The night we were there the special was  roasted quail and smoked pork belly.  We had the choice of picking either of the options or a combination of both. My dining partner and I opted for one of each.  Usually I'm very critical of the way restaurants cook each of these proteins.  Pork belly is one of those foods, along with duck breast, that is ruined for me without proper rendering.  At Tootsie's it was cooked perfectly, and was served in a large meaty portion. Yum.  The quail was cooked to perfection, boasting moist morsels of meat.    Wait....hold on...I forgot one major thing: the ranch.    Some people (my husband included) look down on me for my love of ranch dressing, but I stand proud with my obsession.  I will eat anything dipped in this herbed mayonnaise sauce.  The chef at Tootsie's brought me out TWO different kinds of ranch to use on my salad and side dishes, and I was in heaven.  For me, the ranch alone is worth the trip.   Overall, go to Tootsie's with your expectations in check.  This small bar will most likely win you over the same way it wooed me.  It was a fun trip out to the country for this city girl, and I plan on making it many many more times.~pork pork salad 
Perfect bar food, Strong drinks, friendly bartender. This is a quintessential dive bar atmosphere with a simple menu. Try the fries with bacon and cheese.  Really simple nice place to stop if you are coming through Dane.~fries bacon cheese. 
We stopped in for a drink and decided to have the nightly special. The special was the Tootsie's Bird special. This consisted of smoked turkey breast, smoked chicken drummies and smoked chicken leg and thigh. All served on Texas toast with side of smoked baked beans with chunks of bacon. DELICIOUS!!! everything was great and you cant beat the price.~chicken chicken bacon. 
For large events, Driftwood handled it well. knowledgeable and courtious staff and the food was GREAT!    We started with a delicious gazpacho instead of a salad, had the fish and short ribs. Delicious!    I'd also like to point out that their cocktail hour cheese plating buffet was spectacular.  Huge blocks of cheese, crackers, all very well displayed.  Plus, my favorite thing about it was that they left the cheese out all night and kept an eye on it, refilling as necessary.  I can't tell you how great it was to be munching on cheese all night!~salad, cheese cheese, cheese cheese 
The strolling musicians were pleasant. It was a beautiful, mild summer night and sitting on a terrasse sharing a fine Italian red wine with good friends was so lovely. That was the best thing about our evening.  Slow, understaffed service. The antipasti appetizer was good though missing some menu items  such as  the Giardiniera Di Lequmi.  Pastas were just passable and I couldn't eat more than half of my Calabrese pizza - it tasted like those frozen things I avoid.  Dessert & coffee were presented on the house - nice touch but  we won't return. We were among many patrons that had taken advantage of the coupon deal.  Don't bother - pass this one by.~pizza coffee 
My family of four had dinner tonight at Da Enrico.  It was fabulous.  Best food we have had in Montreal during our trip so far.  We each ordered something different and each meal was great.  The veal parmesan was really nice, and the homemade marinara sauce that they put on the pasta on the side was light and fresh and non-acidic.  The Rigatoni with tres formaggi was awesome as well.  The spaghetti with Carbonara sauce was actually light and flavorful, not too rich.  The chef didn't use cream with the sauce - just flash-cooked the egg and broth to create a creamy sauce.  The pizza was pretty good as well.  Bring your own bottle of wine, and have a great time.~pasta spaghetti egg pizza 
Worst Italian restaurant I have ever been to. The service was slow and the food was awful. The pasta tasted like clumps of salt, and it was extremely overcooked. The pizza tasted like cardboard. This is not authentic Italian food.~pasta pizza 
This restaurant had the best food, service and atmosphere I found in my trip to Montreal. The restaurant was busy, but the waiter and owner still managed to give us all the attention we needed. The food was delicious - the waiter was nice enough (when we ordered a pizza) to tell us there was a $5 charge to split it, and encouraged us to order something else off the menu since we would be paying for it anyway. We got meatballs and they were awesome (but there were only two so don't order them unless you would otherwise be paying to split the bill - I think they were $7). There was a guy playing violin, which was fun. They only take cash and Interact though... no credit cards!~pizza 
I went for food here for dinner with a group of friends and was not too impressed by the service or the food. The decor gave me the feeling that the restaurant was authentic or family run, both of which are probably true. The shepherds cross table cloths and the disco music was the highlight of the place, but it could use a coat of paint. The kitchen is open air, but the ventilation is poor. The price point does not reflect quality or presentation. The server was slow to check in about water, wine and constantly tried to up-sell us on appetizers and desserts. On the plus side, they bring you bread and it is a BYOB resto.~appetizers 
This place is sooo Italian. Italian music, Italian paraphernalia all over the walls, Italian staff...   Very casual and relaxed atmosphere.  We ordered a couple of pasta dishes, ravioli and spaghetti and they were both good. The portions are fair in size and are presented in cool frying pans - neat idea!.  Service was fast - we got our food right away and when we needed more bread, they brought it to our table in no time.  Casual, simple and good, can't go wrong when you're looking to get a quick pasta fix :)  Cash and debit only - no credit cards.~pasta spaghetti pasta 
Can't say nothing but great things about this place . As a pasta lover they have fresh made pasta . Amazing service , family owned and operated business , the chef is the owner him and his sister are amazing people . Felt right at home , coming from a New Yorker.~pasta pasta . 
avant c'était nice, maintenant c'est Mauvais On arrive la bas avec l'intention d'utiliser un vieux coupon Resto boom qui devrait en theorie garder sa valeur nominale apres la date ou le deal est terminé. On constate que le menu est rendu vraiment poche et plus cher qu'avant mais bon, l'inflation fait son travail et certains restos deviennent plus mediocre plutot que de tenter de s'améliorer... qu'est ce que tu veux? On commande et je mentionne tout de suite au serveur que je vais utiliser ce bon. Il me dit que non ca fonctionne pas car expiré...Je lui dit de regarder plus bas c'est inscrit : "après sa date d'expiration, le coupon est encore valide pour la valeur de l'achat" Il me dit : "ben non ca marche pas car resto boom voudront pas me payer" en passant, le coupon est d'une valeur de 15$.... pas 50$ ( me semble que pour 15$ tu ne fais pas d'histoire si tu es un restaurateur intelligent) en plus, il se met à raconter notre cas a tous le monde dans le resto... juste pour que tout le monde parle juste de ca super fort pour qu'on ait l'air super cheap. Ok je lui dit de pas faire d'histoire avec ca et que je ferai une plainte a Resto boom, il me dit : "ecoute je le connais le gars de Resto boom, c'est mon ami!" Il me semble que si il le connait, il a rien qu'a accepter le coupon et arreter de me faire sentir idiot avec mon coupon expiré.   bon ok, je parle a mon épouse et lui demande qu'est ce qu'on fait, on décide de partir... Ils nous envoie chier literalement quand on passe la porte...  je sais pas mais nous on est resté ben poli dans tout ca ;-)  on a été juste pas loin a pizza Napolitana où eux autres connaissent les bonnes manieres... ;-) et leur pizza est fantastique  Dont go a Da Enrico #crosseurs, #impolis ,~date date pizza pizza 
This is the main store of 9 store locations all over the greater Montreal area. The top place for soccer (Futebol/European Football) clothing and wearables in Montreal and one of the best shops in a canada for Football jerseys and items. The main floor has a strong selection of National shirts, warm up jackets and pants plus Montreal Impact gear. Price of many of these items is high for authentic merchandise. If you want fake jerseys order online. Quality however is night and day different with the real deal. Upstairs is one of the largest selections of shoes/boots/cleats for field play or Indoors. If you okay or are just a huge fan of the sport then this is your place. They also have a decent website evangelistasports.com if you want to check out items before visiting.   I'll always keep this place in mind for items for myself or other huge footy fans.~sport 
Nice new shiny Starbucks that replaced a sub-par Italian bakery on the Dufferin side of Corso D'Italia on St Clair. Is it a sure sign of gentrification to come? Probably. Considering all the mom and pop shops in the area seem to be selling out and they are putting a shoppers drugmart across the street. Hopefully they don't bulldoze all the old Portuguese and Italian character of this hood that make it unique.   All that being said, its a Starbucks. Love it or hate it, its got all kind of sugary drinks masqueradeing as coffee. Its also pretty standard so no matter what location you are at, the coffee is always the same. I have to admit I'm partial to the Vanilla Bean latte but don't really like the coffee at all.~coffee. coffee coffee 
This outlet is a bit of a random find in the good old St James Centre, which is not exactly a shining beacon of shopping centre beauty, but it has plenty of shops and covers you for most conventional things you might need.  Anyway, back to the shop I'm actually reviewing, Republic stocks both male and female clothing, including girly, fashionable make Miso, plus a range of more casual, sporty gear. I've recently found it to be a major threat to my bank account, disguised as an innocent shop with items of clothing at reasonable to cheap prices. One wee, cheap, reasonable thing leads to another, so when I'm here, I usually end up thinking I'm being well behaved by buying a pretty dress at only £20, but then I see a nice top beckoning me over, and then I can't stop, and I'm at the till and the shop assistant is stuffing bags full of garments....then it's all over so quickly, and I'm out of the shop, and it's like nothing ever happened. This shop is evil, but amazing for my impulse buying needs.~miso, 
Whenever I'm looking for a new outfit for a night out my first port of call is always Topshop or River Island and I often completely forget about Republic and I'm not sure why as they usually have some really nice items that are reasonably priced.  A few months ago in the Glasgow branch I saw a gorgeous black dress with white lace down the front, they didn't have my size but the girl was helpful and wrote down the code for me so I could try other Republics. I called another Glasgow branch but the girl wasn't very helpful and even though they had my size she told me that they don't have a policy of putting things aside so by the time I went in my size was sold out again. After that, I got bored of trying to hunt down the dress and let it slip to the back of my mind but whenever I had a night out I wished it was in my wardrobe. Last week I was in this branch of Republic and saw the dress again, I was so surprised that it was still in stock and they had my size and it had £5 off! I couldn't believe it... I guess it was meant to be and I'm super happy I finally have my paws on the dress!  The staff in this branch are friendly, they have a good range of stock both for guys and girls, everything is very reasonably priced and they often have good sales on too!~white 
if it had been any less like the original i would have been sad. granted i'm not totally into jazz. ( i know. i'm a monster) but if you go there on an off night it's a really nice place to go to with a date followed up with of course their black and white picture booth so you can remember the night forever. :) isn't that romantic?~date white 
Ah, what can I say? I fell in love with chez nous the minute I walked in the door (well, maybe five minutes after: I had to wait for my eyes to adjust from the blazing summer sun to the barely lit interior of this retro saloon).  Everything - and I mean everything is just how I remembered: The long bar; the line of cushioned booths along the wall; the wall of rock water feature behind the bar; the only light provided by super dim wall fixtures reminiscent of the late 19th century; the vintage velour wallpaper (now sans the yellowing and 45+ years of old cigarette smoke); the 70s soundtrack- it was all here!   We determined it was slightly smaller than the OG location, but setup almost identically, save for a certainly separate entry room - which, p.s. contained an ATM (this bar is cash only) AND an old school black-and-white photo booth ( a real one, that gives you actual photo-paper print outs).   There was a live band on *Wednesday* night - and they weren't half bad. They won my heart by opening with an instrumental cover of Ms. Jackson (if you're nasty)'s That's The Way Love Goes. Wonderful. Sadly, the special was $3 shots of purple hooter and some other shot I can't recall because i instantly began musing on my other options as soon as I heard "hooter" (it's a weeknight, for chrissakes - what am i? 22?). I believe thurs is 2-for-1 ladies night, too bad we missed that. So, me and the G settled for our mutual love of (well) G&Ts for $4 a pop. I believe draft beers were $3.50, imports $5 and top shelf up to $8.  But we stuck to the G&T, which our barmaid was kind enough to pack a helluva punch in. just three and I was already planning my ipod song list for the ride home (not alarmingly in and of itself, but my chosen songs were a tell-tale sign of drunkenness: lionel Richie/all night long; Britney spears/Gimme More; ToTo/Africa...you get the idea). she was also kind enough to come out to our table when she noticed we were getting low to replenish our liquids.  All in all this place, including its new location, are A+++ in my book.~white 
Dear person who decided that we would have our "after party" at Chez Nous,  It is with the most utmost regret that inform you that you're choice of after party venues was teh suck. And no, I did not misspell "the". That's how we say it these days. Get with the times, sucka.  But seriously, wtf?  Through what twisted logic did you come to the conclusion that the best way to top off a birthday party at fez laden with free appetizers, cake, and drink specials was an over-priced, overcrowded jazz bar...on a Saturday night?  Now before I go any further, I shall confess to you that I was spared the $7 dollar charge. My friend and I managed to talk the doorman down to $4 for the two of us. Perhaps he was desperate to get more ladies into the establishment. Perhaps he's just a chump.  In either case, you'll be interested to know that while waiting in the parking lot for my friend's boyfriend to show up, I witnessed the doorman using your $7 to help pay for a pizza and hot sandwich from Dominos.   Unlike some of the other ladies in our party, I will not complain about the ass-grabbing and creepy smiles I received. Because I didn't receive any. No, menacing glares and bathroom gossip was my lot. Feeling that my safety was in jeopardy, I was compelled to make a hasty exit in the middle of the chorus of "Ladies Night".   I'm not going to fault you for inviting me to a totally UN-safe space (because maybe I should've done some research before I took you up on it), but if you were a vegan I wouldn't invite you to a place that I knew had no vegan-friendly options. I'm going to leave it at that.  And I'm not going to expect you to ask all of us our age, but please be aware that there are a great number of us who were NOT products of the 70's and have little use for disco and gold chains.   The average patron had to be at least 10 years older and 20 years more behind on fashion than even you'd ever tolerate in a date. I take solace in the knowledge that you were just as unlucky as I would be (if I was single and into cougars, that is).  I know that the overall cost of Chez Nous might seem a little exaggerated, considering we just had free appetizers and cake at FEZ, but nothing ruins a birthday party afterglow like inane ATM fees and greedy, smooth-talking doormen.  Regardless, I want you to know that despite my displeasure with your recent choice of after-party locales, I still love you.   In fact, I'm grateful to you, in my own way. It's so hard to be funny and snarky when you're writing a 4-5 star review of a place. In a time where my ability to nitpick and rant, it's refreshing to finally find a place so terrible I am justified in my neurosis.   In the event that all of this is too wordy and convoluted to understand, I've made you a chart.   =Things That Are Awesome=  Yelp Martinis Zombie movies Lesbians  =Things That Are Not Awesome=  Overcrowded bars with unreasonable cover charge  See you at the next UYE, you jive motherfucker!  Hugs and kisses, Jetta  P.S. Nathan, I still have your coat. Let's make arrangements to get it back to you. The longer I have it the longer I'm going to be tempted to use it the next time Misty S and I have "roleplay night".   Which I might do anyway if I find out all this was your idea : - )~appetizers, cake, pizza sandwich date. appetizers cake 
I would contend to you, dearest Yelper, that I date attractive women. Or at least they're attractive to me. That's the important part, right?   But that doesn't mean that when I go out with them I always want to be able to see them... or worse yet have them see what I'm doing... And who knows what I'm doing when I'm there because I can't see the hand in front of my face. LOVE that...   The music always gets me grooving in my chair and I'm going to say something politically incorrect. I always feel cooler when I'm hanging out with African Americans. They just give off a cooler than cool vibe. I keep inviting my Afro-American roommate out to whatever and he's always like "Naahh Dude, you're too white." I get it. But I'll break him down eventually. Little does he know I'm Mongolian.   So anyway, it's a little difficult to order a drink and always crowded but overall I love it. Bring your stuck up yuppie friends. Smack their skinny asses with the iron hand of culture. They'll thank you tomorrow.~date white. 
Chez Nous, I want to write you a love song...  ...a love song which describes how I had completely underestimated how much I missed you until I set foot inside your premises after 6 long months apart. Months that felt like years. But the moment I set foot in that door I immediately felt like I was home. My shoulders relaxed. My breathing eased up. I felt like my soul just got a massage.   ....a love song which describes my complete amazement upon walking inside on how much of the old you is still there with the new you. Wallpaper? Check. Lounge seats? Check. Wall fixtures? Lamps? Disco ball? Dancefloor? Low lights (and I mean LOW lights)? Cheap tinsel lining the ceiling? Check x 6. So now the bar is on the left instead of the right, but I don't mind. You're obviously still you, and that's all that matters.  ...a love song about the fact that the crowd inside tonight was just like the crowd inside the old you every night. Black, white, brown, yellow, green. It didn't matter then what color you were, and it sure as hell doesn't matter now. Everyone is chill. Everyone is relaxed. Everyone is cool. No airs. No pretense. No scene. Even the huge guy wearing the white full-length fur coat with matching white fur hat and white patent leather shoes and bling on every finger. Coolest, chillest guy in the room - just enjoying himself and having a great time and friendly to everyone.   ...a love song which exemplifies the glories of the drinks and the service. Drinks? Still dirt cheap. Service? Still completely & genuinely friendly. Never once makes you feel like for some reason you're not cool enough to belong there.  ...a love song which shows my great appreciation for the music. The funk and R&B is back, people. "Let's Stay Together", your perennial classic, followed by "You Dropped A Bomb On Me", followed by "Word Up", followed by "Don't Stop Till You Get Enough," followed by...."Jailhouse Rock?!?" Yes, it did happen. And tonight, you did the impossible. You made me get up. And then you made me get down. Down on the dancefloor. That's right. Me doing my own brand of jive. For the first time since I've been in Arizona. 2 years, and it came down to being in the new you to compel me to bust out some moves. Now I wouldn't say I have mad skillz with the way I move. Might be reminiscent of the African Anteater Ritual. But who cares? You never did.  ...and last but not least...  ...a love song about how you actually came back to me. And to everyone else who loved you. How you simply didn't just throw your hands up in the air and call it quits. How you persisted and moved forward. How volunteers toiled day and night moving as much from your old location to the new one to make everyone feel comfortable from the moment they walked in. How you have truly pulled a Phoenix and have risen from the ashes. How I'll admit that driving by the empty lot on 7th Ave and Indian School was a depressing experience, but no more.   Because you're back.  Because you're one of my favorite spots. Anywhere.  Because I hope you never have to go away again.   Because whatever your detractors say, you truly are a Phoenix legend.  That, Chez Nous, would be the love song I would write for you.~white, brown, white white white 
Wow this place was fantastic!  BTW they are open at a new location: 915 Grand Avenue  Great Atmosphere (Dark, 70's style furnishings) Great Music on Friday nights (think Marvin Gaye) Great Crowd Bartender's / Bouncer very friendly Lots of Black People  I would have given the place five stars but the martini's served come in a tiny martini glass, other than that highly recommended for a date or a group of friends.~date 
I love Chez Nous for the dancing, the live music is always great, but this past Friday I was really disappointed.  The cover charge has been raised to $7, the drinks were weak, and I got charged $9 for a Three Olives and Coke.  Combine that with being cash only so getting hit for $3 at the ATM inside the bar, and after one poor drink I was already at $20.  Maybe it's because I've gone back to being a broke college student, but I found the whole experience disappointing.  It seems like a few articles in the AZ Republic recently and the prices are flying through the roof.  So for now, I think I'm going to take a break from our relationship... sorry Chez Nous~coke. 
Wenn ich gleich eingangs zugebe, daß ich Hotelrestaurants eigentlich nicht mag (zuviele Erinnerungen an Seminare mit gefüllter Hähnchenbrust mit Broccoli aus der Kategorie "chicken or pasta?" und trostlose Abendessen auf Reisen), dann muß ich mir natürlich die Frage gefallen lassen, was mich ins Restaurant Weissenhof im Arcotel Camino treibt. Tja, was soll ich sagen - auf Stuttgarts architektonischer Gruselmeile namens Heilbronner Straße fiel mir irgendwann das Altbauensemble positiv auf, und das Design des Eingangs wirkte ansprechend. Und es waren auch nirgends verwertbare Kritiken zu finden... Und so fanden wir uns heute im Weissenhof wieder, nachdem der Tafelberg keinen Platz für uns hatte.   Bei der telefonischen Reservierung bat ich um einen schönen Tisch und wurde gleich gefragt, ob es ein besonderer Anlaß sei - meine Antwort war nein, wir hätten nur gerne was am Fenster oder am Rand und nicht direkt im Getümmel. Wurde vermerkt und auch erfüllt, wäre angesichts der sehr übersichtlichen Besetzung an einem Freitagabend nicht wirklich nötig gewesen.   Der Eingang zum Restaurant ist identisch mit Hotel und Bar, man steigt außen die Stufen hoch und wird hinter den Türen gleich von einem riesigen Kronleuchter begrüßt, der - zumindest heute abend - pink angestrahlt war. Hinter dem Kronleuchter ging eine Innentreppe gleich weiter in den Hotelbereich, rechts und links von dieser landete man an der Bar mit ledergepolsterten Bänken und dunkelbraunen Tischen zu beiden Seiten, rechts biegt man ins Restaurant ab. Die Farbstellung ist creme-braun, laut Karte zitiert man - Überraschung - die Weissenhofsiedlung, deshalb auch der eher gewöhnungsbedürftige braun-beige gemusterte Teppich im Restaurant, das farblich ebenfalls in cremefarbenen Leder und dunklem Holz gehalten war. Ja, und da geht's schon los, warum haben Hotelrestaurants immer Teppichboden? Und gruselige abgehängte Decken? Und eine Beleuchtung, wie sie kein normales Restaurant installieren würde? Fragen über Fragen, unfair, weil ja, wir sind im Hotel.   Der bei weitem angenehmste Teil des Hotel-Seins war der Service. Der war umwerfend, freundlich, souverän, unaufdringlich, eine gelungene Interaktion mit dem Gast, weder servil noch desinteressiert. Könnte ich dafür sechs Sterne geben, jederzeit sofort. Also ganz, ganz großes Kompliment! Und wirklich schöne Überraschung war die Aperitiv-Empfehlung Trollinger brut, ein außerordentlicher Schaumwein, der mit meinem Trollinger-Alptraum von der IHK absolut nichts gemeinsam hat. Mit € 5,90 für 0,1 l aber auch sehr anspruchsvoll in der Preislage. Brot kam zügig, nicht schlecht, aber es fehlte an Knusprigkeit. Die Butter dazu war eiskalt, keine ideale Kombination. Verwunderlicherweise kein Gruß aus der Küche, hätte ich bei einem Restaurant mit diesem Anspruch eigentlich erwartet.   Die Karte ist eher klein, man wirbt mit Schwäbisch / Österreichisch (österreichisch das Menü, die Fleischgerichte und ein paar Nachspeisen), zwischendurch einige Einsprengsel nicht ganz eindeutiger Provenienz zwischen Crossover und Büffelmozzarella. Eine Handvoll Vorspeisen (Carpaccio von der Maultasche, Beef Tartar), zwei Suppen, dreimal Fisch (gedämpfter Viktoriabarsch, Zander mit Paprikapolenta), zweimal Vegetarisch (Erdäpfel-Schwammerl-Gulasch, Topfen/Kraut), vier oder fünf Fleischgerichte (Tafelspitz, Kalbsrahmgulasch), ebensoviele Desserts. Wirklich sehr gute Weinauswahl mit Schwerpunkt Ba-Wü und Ö, ungewöhnlich, exzellent und - pardon - schweineteuer. 1/8 Weiß vom exklusiveren Teil der Karte war bei € 6,20 bis 7,90, zugegeben, die Weine waren außergewöhnlich mit Empfehlung auf den Weingütern Currle und Hager (die günstigeren fingen bei  € 2,90 das Achtel an, aber wir waren probierwütig), aber bei € 6,60 für 0,75 l Vösslauer Mineralwasser medium würde ich mich sehr gerne mal mit dem Controller unterhalten.   Mein Mann nahm das österreichische Menü mit schwäbischem Einschlag, erst Flädlesuppe (nein, nicht Frittatensuppe, Frittaten seien knuspriger als Flädle, hieß es), dann Wiener Schnitzel mit Kartoffelsalat, etwas Feldsalat und Preißelbeeren, zum Schluß Kaiserschmarrn mit Zwetschgenkompott und Apfelmus. Ich war konzeptlos und nahm den Papayasalat mit Thunfisch (drei Würfel Thunfisch, einmal mit Petersilie, einmal kroß natur, einmal mit Leinsamen, alle drei innen noch roh, tolle Qualität), das Dressing sehr neutral bis geschmacksarm, einzig belebt von ein paar Blättchen Thai-Basilikum. Die gute Produktqualität ließ die fehlende Originalität verzeihen. Flädlesuppe war eher auf der salzigen Seite und laut meiner besseren Hälfte nichts besonderes.   Danach die organisatorische Herausforderung, ich hatte die Kukuruzsuppe und anschließend den ganzen Saibling mit Petersilienkartoffeln bestellt, mein Mann eben Hauptgang und Dessert, die salomonische Lösung war, mir die Suppe separat zu bringen, fand ich auch besser als wenn der Saiblingduft zum Kaiserschmarrn rüberzieht. Und die Suppe war das absolute Highlight des Abends, e...~broccoli chicken pasta? butter beef thai- 
Das Restaurant Weißenhof kann ich nicht empfehlen.  Die Atmosphäre des Restaurants: Eine lange, düstere Halle mit beigefarbenem Kunstledermobiliar. Ein beigebraungrün gemusterter Teppichboden - auf dem man Flecken garantiert nicht sieht. Eine Decke wie im Kaufhaus: Gipsplatten mit Löchern und diversen Abzugs- bzw. Lüftungsschächten.  Da wir ein Candlelightdinner hatten (Geschenk) gabs eine Kerze und ein paar künstliche Rosenblätter plus zwei Dekosteinen auf den Tisch. Die Vorspeise war gut: Kalte Kalbfleischröllchen mit Friseesalat, vom angekündigten Kürbiskernöl war weder etwas zu sehen noch zu schmecken.  Es folgte eine Spinatcremesuppe: Wenn ich sie mit geschlossenen Augen gegessen hätte, hätte ich den Spinat nicht geschmeckt. Viel Sahne und Würzmittel eben.  Anschließend hatte ich Teigtaschen mit Steinpilzfüllung (15 Euro), für die dasselbe gilt: Ich habe absolut keinen Pilz, schon gar keinen Steinpilz herausschmecken können. Da sie schmeckten wie in einer schlechten Kantine, fragte ich die Bedienung, ob diese Pasta im eigenen Haus angefertigt worden sei. Sie sagte ganz schnell "Ja" und verschwand sofort wieder. Wobei ich sagen muss, dass die Bedienung mit ihrer Freundlichkeit und ihrer Aufmerksamkeit der einzige Glanzpunkt in diesem Restaurant war. Meine Begleitung hatte einen schwäbischen Rostbraten (19 Euro). das Fleisch war gut. Die Spätzle waren sehr dick und schwammen in einer total überfetteten Soße.  Danach gab es als Dessert noch ein Bananensorbet. Zwei dicke graue Scheiben mit einem sehr kristallinen Eis, gut waren nur die Spuren der Schokoladensoße daneben. Last but not least:  Die Toiletten waren sehr sauber und angenehm. Aber das kann ja nicht der Grund sein, ein Restaurant zu besuchen ...~pasta 
Leider schlecht und fade. Pizza Champignons und Steinpilze. Lediglich der Teig war gut und kross. Pizza mozzarella, rucola und Tomaten geschmacklich nicht frisch und fast ohne Geschmack. Tomaten hatten eine sehr harte schale, rucola ungewaschen.~pizza pizza mozzarella, 
Lieferzeit dauert viel zu lange  pizza ist gut~pizza 
Vor kurzem erhielt ich von einer alten Bekannten den Tipp, dass Antonio derzeit die beste Pizza in Ludwigsburg herstellt - das wollte ich natürlich überprüfen. Nun habe ich in Ludwigsburg noch nicht viele Pizzas gegessen, aber eines kann ich sagen: die anderen PizzabäckerInnen müssen sich gewaltig anstrengen, wenn sie Antonio übertreffen wollen. Knuspriger Teig, außerdem guter und würziger Belag. Übrigens kann man hinter dem typischen Pizza-Service-Eingangsbereich auch im Lokal selbst ganz gemütlich die Speisen verzehren - es werden dort auch offene Weine ausgeschenkt. Unbedingt probieren!~pizza pizza 
Pizza bestellen? NUR bei Antonio!!!! Lieferzeit kann schon mal 45Min betragen, aber dass sagen sie dann auch vorher. Und das warten lohnt auf jeden Fall! Pizza schmeckt toll. Kross, leckrer Käse und jeglichen Belag, den man sich wünschen kann. Pasta ist auch sehr zu empfehlen  sehr große Portionen und schmeckt einfach nur gut!! Außerdem hat er auch ein wechselndes Angebot an außergewöhnlichen Pizzen + Pasta. Service nett! Ich bestelle nur noch dort Pizza + Pasta~pizza pizza pasta pasta. pizza pasta 
I felt like a criminal walking into this place.  I think kindergarten had less rules than The Pink Poodle.  First you can't carry in a larger handbags.  Must keep them in your car.  That makes a girl feel welcome in your store for sure!  "Welcome to Pink Poodle, now please leave and put your purse in your car."  No chewing gum.  Only one person in the fitting room at a time.  They follow you around the store.    One of my friends bought a $700 Chanel handbag and they still were rude to her!  Way too high priced for what they had to offer there.  A snooty, holier than thou vibe is definitely the vibe you get after shopping there.  I made every attempt to not spend any money there and believe me, it wasn't hard not to.    I brought in a purse to possibly have as a consignment piece there and they said they only do consignment two days a week and they only except it till 5:00pm.  So basically if you want to sell something there you are screwed if you work like the majority of the world does.  All in all not impressed.  The place felt super toxic and it's clear to me my experience mirrored many others.  Let's see how long this business will last!~chewing gum. 
This restaurant has some really great dishes. Service and environment were exceptional. Highly recommend the beef Teriyaki.  It's really well located near a trendy Montreal area and once you finish eating, you can go hang out at some of the bars, movie theater, or other awesome places around there.~beef 
Fou d'Asie serves a mix of Chinese and Japanese dishes on their menu. Decor is clean, with interesting paintings in the rear where we sat, and bamboo placemats for our dishes. The place is a decent size, with front seating facing Saint Denis.  We stopped in randomly for lunch. It was past the lunch rush, so there were only a handful of diners. Ordered the nid au poulet (C$9.95), which was grilled chicken and vegetables sauteed on fried noodles (think bird's nest) - the chicken was great. The sushi I tried was average, and my friends agreed. (They have a "pizza sushi" roll that looked interesting - anyone game?)  We didn't leave hungry; if I lived in the area, I'd probably return for take-out. Service was fine, but I don't need to sit to enjoy their food.~chicken chicken sushi pizza sushi" 
This place was great.  We sat on the terrace and had an amazing meal.  I had a seafood Thai lemongrass soup that had such the right amount of spice.  My meal was a fish meal that was super yummy, everyone else had soup and sushi and it all looked awesome.  Service was great, and they did not make too much fun of my horrible French while ordering, LOL.  Decor was sooo adorable, all pink chairs on the inside of the restaurant.  Loved this place.~thai lemongrass sushi 
Service was terrible. Food was ok though. I had a mango shrimp salad which was ok and a noodle chicken nest which was just ok too. The bill was not ok though, 60$ for what I ate looked like too much. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone but I wouldn't say it's awful either~mango shrimp salad chicken 
This was a charming little inn. Our room was actually pretty huge. We could open windows partially to let fresh air in (huge in hotels these days!). There was also a huge bathroom with a shower that could easily fit four people. In addition to the huge CA king sized bed, they fit  a few chairs in the room for lounging. So much room for just two of us!  The decor may be a bit old fashioned for some people, but it really was quite charming. There was also a continental breakfast the next morning which we missed, but which I assume was fabulous due to proximity to Gamekeepers.   If you happen to go to Gamekeepers for dinner, it's about 5 steps away from the hotel. Our room even looked out to the Gamekeepers patio.  A wonderful time. Although perhaps I'm biased. They left the most wonderful cookies for us on our pillows. :)~cookies 
Very nice Inn, staff was hospitable great little tasty cookies were waiting for us next to the bed, the jacuzzi room is huge and the jacuzzi could easily fit four lol. Bed is huge and comfy :)) The place is haunted though for sure, while we were sleeping two different lights in the bathroom kept turning on (as in the switch flipped ) we asked the next morning and the owners said that a few other guests have mentioned weird occurrences and the night auditor had seen strange things happen , room thirteen seems to be the place where it happens the most .~cookies 
With a £7 apple martini tasting like watery gin pretty much the poorest cocktail bar I've ever been in. It was literally undrinkable and after admitting there was no fresh fruit or juice available to make the cocktails, staff reluctantly swapped it for something drinkable, but seemed to htin kthey were doing me a favour! Avoid at all costs!~apple 
This place is pretty local to us so we sometimes have sunday brunch (survivor's breakfast) here. That seems like the best time for it.    The best thing about the place are the interiors (of the front bistro anyway), its a comfy little place to have a bit of food, a coffee or hair-of-the-dog. The food is fairly standard, for breakfast/lunch but disappointing for dinner and the restaurant in the back is dark with awkward seating. The service can be slow at best, on occasion the staff can get your order completely right but the odds are slim.    They used to have sunday lunchtime live piano music which made it a place to return to but the last couple of times had the staff let loose on iPod. Lets hope it goes back to older, better habits.~coffee 
Having sprung up out of no where, The Borough Hotel Bar and Restaurant adds a touch of class in the area.  A modern, new and excellently designed bar houses comfy booths, lounge areas and tables - often taken up by regulars loyal to the friendly and relaxed atmosphere in the Borough.  Drinks are moderately priced, but the vast range of spirits and draughts are excellently served by friendly staff. Cocktails however, are the bars speciality - a huge menu  of classics and modern drinks for you to choose from is available.  The Borough Hotel restaurant is also a modern and well designed area, with food ranging from burgers and chips to fine dining. While the restaurant is more pricey than the bar in comparison, food is outstanding and there is often a deal on to lessen the bill.  The Borough Bar also provides a free pub quiz on a Monday evening, as well as a poker night every Tuesday and even salsa classes if you phone for details.  The Borough bar and restaurant is a modern place for a friendly drink with friends or a quiet meal.~burgers chips salsa 
Monique sold my AZ home in record time. I had been through the extremely stressful home buying/selling process several times in the past and my experience with her was the most pleasant one to date. She's diligent and dedicated to her business. I honestly can not think of one thing to complain about. I'd recommend her to anyone looking to buy/sell in her area.~date. 
I have found some excellent bargains here. I place it right up there with Red, White & Blue and Goodwill.  Parking is sometimes tight, but usually I can find a space. You will find some reasonably priced treasures in this store.~white & 
Looks like I'm on a roll with getting horrible service at what are usually pretty decent restaurants lately!  I went to Sam's Cafe last night with two of my girlfriends and based on my previous experience at the downtown location, I figured we'd get a pretty decent meal.  Not the case!  Carter, our server, was awful.  I hate to be so hard on him but as soon as he took our drink order and we didn't order any alcoholic beverages, he went downhill from there.  My friend Allyson ordered the rotisserie chicken special and I ordered the applewood smoked pecan salmon.  DeDe had a few question before she decided and Carter not only had no clear answers for her, he didn't bother to try to get the answers.  Unacceptable!  (Just to clarify, these were basic questions such as 'what kind of vegetables come on the fire grilled vegetable tacos?' and 'What is the marinade for the chicken fajitas?')    The next thing we know, we are given their special chips and salsa... I love how they combine sweet and salty in a colorful arrangement!  Those were delicious.  However, it was a good ten minutes until we saw our water and when you are eating salty chips and salsa, it's nice to have something to wash it down with!  Minus star #2.  So, our food comes and DeDe's fajitas are totally different than what Carter explained.  She isn't bitchy about sending them back but kindly asks for just the chicken and vegetables on a plate since that is what she was expecting.  This is where the 3rd missing star comes in - I am not kidding when I tell you that DeDe did not get her food until after both Allyson and I were done eating ours (and we were eating really slow)!  It was not right... and Carter was not very apologetic.  He came over to offer us a free dessert but being that we are all in healthy eating mode, we declined.  They did take the fajitas off the bill in the end, but it was expected at this point.  So, I know it was just one bad experience, but if I feel like Sam's Cafe again, I will probably head to the downtown location or just have lower expectations in the future.  Bottom line:  decent meal + bad service = 2 stars!~chicken salmon. tacos? chicken chips salsa... chips salsa, chicken 
My recent , but admittedly brief, experience was terrific! The service was fast and friendly, the price was good, and the food was really, really good.   A friend and I stopped for a brief appetizer and margarita before heading to the Lyle Lovett concert. Margaritas for $3.00 until 7 PM...YUM! I loved the chips and salsa. The chips are a mixed style and the salsa had an unusual, homemade flavor. We shared an order of chicken nachos and OMG...were they good. Whatever creamy sauce was added was a wonderful addition.   The atmosphere was nice and open; the more modern Southwest style was a refreshing change. And like I said above, the service was friendly and quick.~chips salsa. chips salsa chicken 
Not good. And it's not been for a couple of years. There are advantages: good location, rarely busy, good for larger groups. But last few times we've been there have experienced average food and lousy service.  When joining my already seated group on Saturday (3/28) the high-school hostess wagged her finger in my face like an East German border guard, the waffle house waitress poked me in the shoulder to get my attention and the wife's chicken dish had to be sent back as there were only 2 measly pieces of chicken in it.  Only 2 beers on tap. Garbage.~chicken chicken 
What a pleasant surprise! I went here for a friends birthday dinner and were greeted with a friendly smile and "hello."  Chips and salsa lined the table and were a mix or corn and blue corn, and i think some of them had been rolled in cinnamon and pepper. I had to force myself to stop eating them.  A friend and I ordered chicken fajitas and we wanted to split the entree and the server brought us out two plates with the guac., sour cream, etc on both plates. That was nice. The beans and rice were delicious, the server had a pleasant attitude (and I could tell she had a lot going on) and she kept my water full.  She brought out a dessert tray and told us about each item. THEN after she brought the check she came back with little white chocolate tamales for everyone! (White chocolate in a corn husk.) Holy cow! How awesome is that!~chips salsa corn corn, chicken sour cream, white white corn 
Supposedly this place was going to close down beacuse of the new condos going in. Thankfully they got an extension on their lease.  The condos aren't going in just yet.  The food here is consistently good.  The service was average. I really like the Sonoran meatloaf. It's a great location and you'll have a good meal here. The menu is pseudo tex-mex.  It's a good place to go on a date, an office lunch, take family, or out of towners over the age of 40.  Not a drinking place...at all.  I would not recommend the place for large groups or meeting friends.  It doesn't have that kind of vibe.~date, 
I like how they do things at Sam's. It's upstairs in the Biltmore Mall but they manage to be the most laid back of all the bar/restaurants in the area. They convincingly do mexican food in a southwestern style with all sorts of interesting twists and spins on dishes that I haven't seen before. The chicken enchiladas are dee-lish and the margaritas are some of the best I've had.   Service is touch and go when they're busy but for the most part I've always been content with their staff. It's a pretty good date spot and the prices are reasonable, especially considering the caliber of the food they serve.~chicken date 
Okay, so i had a friend in from CO and she wanted Southwestern cuisine so I suggested Sam's even though I hadn't been there in 10 years.  First they serve you with their version of chips and salsa and I don't think I will ever settle for regular chips and salsa ever again after this. There were 4 different chips..2 had various spices, one had the taste of powdered sugar and the last were sweet potato. Each combined with the salsa was a bite of culinary delight. I ordered the Ahi tuna sandwich and was satisfied with my selection. However my friend ordered the black and blue quesadilla and it was beyond fantastic! Defintiely recommend even if just for cocktails and their chips. Oh I almost forgot.. you get a stick of white chocolate wrapped in a husk with your check! So either way you WILL be having dessert. ;)~chips salsa chips salsa chips.. sweet potato 
Really nice tex-mex.  Inside looked very nice, and I'm sure the natives flock to the AC, but as tourists, of course, we sat outside.  Remarkable homemade chips, some corn, some sweet potato, some something else, all very good.  Salsa was a bit on the tomatoe side for my taste, but good nonetheless.  The approach is a bit off-putting since it's upstairs fo a mall, but once inside it's just classy tex-mex and a step above avegare at that.~chips, corn, sweet potato 
Ok...so Sam's Cafe is probably one of my favorite lunch places to go in Phoenix, I would go alone just for the fresh made chips and salsa they bring to your table, the menu items here are quite unique and to say the least are good for the most part.  Every time I have been to this place they have never been that busy, but I will say there service is lacking, it seems that when ever I go there I get the dyslexic high school waiter who can't remember to bring me my refills I ask for or I get the recovering meth addict that hates life.  I usually end up getting the mushroom and spinach casadia which never disappoints, I like this places ambiance, the only reason it does not get 5 stars is because the service always seems to blow.~chips salsa mushroom spinach 
Used to come here as a kid and had to visit again to see if it was still as good.  Seems like they've replaced the famous breadsticks with chips/salsa- but I'm not complaining- the chips were really yummy- sort of a sweet taste to them.  Wine selection was decent, waiter was a sweet heart too- he let us know pets are welcome to join you on the patio too- something about "Paws on the Patio", so if you're an animal lover it's a great place to bring the puppy.  Reminded me of the smaller sidewalk places off the pier in South Bay where everyone always brought their dogs.  As for food- we had the fajitas- very good- the steak wasn't overcooked like a lot of places tend to do, word of advice though- not good as left overs so make sure you bring your appetite and finish them there!  :)  Looking forward to going again- this time for margaritas!~chips steak 
I would love to give this place more than 3 stars but I had problems with the service. It took forever just to take our drink order. After he took our meal order he came back 15 minutes later because he had lost our ticket and couldn't remember what we had ordered. Then when we finally got our food, it was wrong. So had to send it back. On the good side of things, the salsa and chips were really good. The chips were a mixture of many different kinds which made it interesting. I had the seared ahi tuna salad. It was really good.~salsa chips chips tuna salad. 
Their fresh and warm chips and salsa were good. Ordered a margarita and immediately understood why they limit you to only 2. Woo hoo! I was feeling good. I had one of their specials which consisted of salmon and mango salsa and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the chicken fajitas and said those were good too.   The white chocolate tamales as an after dinner snack (small dessert) was nice, but we still ordered cheesecake for dessert. I love cheesecake and have yet to try a bad piece.   I'm not a big fan of Tex-Mex, but I'd come here again.~chips salsa salmon mango salsa chicken white 
Came out to Phoenix for an interview and they brought us HERE for lunch........ omg *drool*  The chips were amazing, especially the ones that were seasoned with pepper and other deliciousness. I had the salmon and a bite of the steak. SOSOSOSOSO good. Ahhh I want their chips now.   Also. The chocolate tamales were a sweet fare-thee-well. Yum.~chips salmon steak. chips 
So my sister was in town for a visit.  She and her hubby live in Monterey, CA, and she decided that she needed to THAW from 50 degree weather!  We were meeting our friend Kelly for dinner, and she suggested Sam's Cafe.  I've been to the one downtown, and really enjoyed it, so I was looking forward to checking out this location.  First of all, the chips and salsa ROCK.  The chips are freshly made, and the salsa is this chunky, chipotle-infused bowl of heaven.  I got the fish tacos -- they were fantastic.  A filet of blackened tilapia, slaw mix, pico, and this chipotle sauce.  Would absolutely recommend this to anybody that likes fish tacos -- sooooo good!  Kelly got the carnitas platter and my sister got the chopped salad.  I didn't try either of their dinner, but they both enjoyed theirs.  Our server was excellent -- she was attentive, without being annoying, and kept our glasses of iced tea full -- which was a good thing after being at the pool most of the day.  To sum it up -- good food, good service, and reasonable prices.~chips salsa chips salsa tacos -- tacos -- salad. tea 
This is the place that we always seem to end up at when people come in to town for business. It's one of those places that's relatively convenient, has decent parking, and can handle larger crowds since they don't ever seem to be even remotely busy.  I will agree that when I have been there with small, personal groups, service has been unbearably slow. They would definitely earn one more star if there were even a whiff of concern... but when the group is larger, we have always received exemplary service - dare I say size does matter?  The food is actually above standard, for its kind. I love the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken Breast (it has lots of goat cheese inside and is covered in their red pepper cream sauce - which honestly I think would be good spread over an old leather sneaker). I could eat the Adovo Chicken Pasta twice a week and never get tired of it (same reference to red pepper cream sauce). My ex swore that the Meatloaf was the best (but really, what can't be improved by a generous portion of bacon?!!). And my all time favorite has to be Chile Rubbed Sirloin - it's flavorful, without being overpowering, always cooked exactly as requested, and generally requires the threat of forking when others realize that "it looks better than mine."  If you like Margaritas. You should be happy with what Sam's has to offer. The Orange Beso makes my toes tingle. Fortunately, they limit those to two servings - otherwise I might find myself behaving badly. They have several "house margaritas" all of which I've enjoyed (really it's not my fault, I work with a lot of social alcoholics... it's the only way to deal with the stress).  My final offering is that this particular location (I haven't ever tried at the others, so they might be accommodating as well), is great for private functions. They will basically close down whatever portion of the restaurant you might need, either feed you buffet style or from the menu, work with you on drink coupons, let you hang corporate flair, etc.  If you are in a pinch for a business gathering in a relaxed environment give it a try.~chicken cheese chicken pasta bacon? 
A friend of mine is in town and staying at the Ritz Carlton on Camelback. In meeting up, we ventured across the street and found Sam's Café. The menu was big and many things looked good. I was busy looking at the spacious dining area and the food options when the waitress arrived. My friend went with the raspberry margarita while I had  1/2 coke,  1/2 diet coke.   The waitress was very attentive and dropped by many times to make sure we were fine. The chips and salsa were amazing! I saw some Yelp reviews on my phone that talked about the chips. I thought really? They are chips! Can they really be that exciting? Damn skippy! In fact, most of the time I didn't even put them in salsa-  they were so good just by themselves.   My friend ordered the Red Rock Meatloaf served with peppers, bacon and onions, mashed potatoes and she swapped spinach in place of the corn on the cob. I went with the Applewood Smoked Pecan Salmon. Damn! It was salmon with pecans, there was a side spinach and the salmon was served on a bed of mashed sweet potatoes and a red papaya and serrano chile sauce. I detected something else that seemed like slightly spicy apple sauce, but I don't know what it was.  An excellent meal, nice atmosphere, descent area and above average service. Each entrée was about $17 and the margarita was $6.50. No room for dessert - with the exception of the white chocolate tamale brought out with the bill, but the tray showed several items. Maybe next time?~coke, coke. chips salsa chips. chips! bacon spinach corn salmon. salmon spinach salmon papaya serrano apple white 
I think I had chicken enchiladas (my boyfriend ate most of it).  My boyfriend wanted to go to Phoenix/Scottsdale for Southwestern food while my friend was in town for agency visits.  She got the waiter to take a photograph of us and when she spilled her margarita, they replaced it.  We chose this because we wanted a casual restaurant with salmon or shrimp.  We didn't know any better if this stuff is just fake Tex-Mex.~chicken salmon shrimp. 
Saturday is Happy Hour day at Sam's Café.  Happy because we hadn't been there in a while and happy because Sam's has improved since the last time we were there:) I say "judge slowly" and "give people a second chance" and "a stitch in time, saves nine" and all kinds of other inappropriate adages...but my point is that sometimes a second chance is in order. Sam's Café had been in the rotation for a few years and then we had a couple of poor experiences there, and just didn't go back...you know how it is...there's a lot of competition for the dining dollar (it used to be "dollars" but the recession/depression has hit everyone!). But, this isn't about then...it's about now, so let's get up to date, shall we? The Beautiful Carin and I headed for the club last Saturday to sweat off the weeks caloric build up and sweat it off we did! (you know, I think I sweat so much because I come from ice age survivor stock and here I am trying to live in the desert!). Anyway, after we finished our extremely grueling, yet fulfilling programs of physical exercise, got ourselves all cleaned up, (lookin' good and smellin' sweet) we were talking between ourselves (as married people often do) and trying to figure how to reward ourselves for the excellent workouts we had just finished. How about a nice big lunch? Sam's Café has Happy Hours on Saturday's and Sunday's that run from 11:00 am to 5:00 pm.  Well, that's just inspired! We tottered in and sat at the bar (I think that's going to be a defining happy hour "move" for us), and the barman greeted us with a warmth and enthusiasm normally reserved for long lost play cousins...a good start:) We looked at the happy hour menu and they have some nice selections for really good prices. We ordered roast pork sliders with a chipotle barbecue sauce, Carin's  "go-to" selection...grilled chicken nacho's and Sedona Spring Rolls (also served with the chipotle barbecue sauce and pico de gallo). While were waiting for the food to arrive, Sam's minions brought us more food...chips and salsa.  Now, I don't want anyone to think Sam's is mexcian food...it's not. The whole place is more "southwest inspired" as opposed to "southwest", or "Mexican" or "authentic".  They have décor that looks sort of Fredrick Remington meets Javier Sordo Madaleno...nice, southwest-ish/modern. The chairs in the dining room are, frankly, less than comfortable but they fit the décor, so, OK. Just don't complain to me when they make your butt sore after 20 minutes! Back to the chips and salsa...I like the flour tortilla chips that Sam's serves, as well as the blue corn and sweet potato chips and the salsa is decent as well...very tomatoey, but spicy and flavorful, but it's not Mexican...not for everybody, but we were happy:) The actual food portion of our lunch came before we became completely engorged with the chips portion. Everything was very tasty.  The pork roast sliders were truly delightful...moist, seasoned perfectly on soft warm rolls:) (BTW, I'm reasonably certain that you can't get swine flu from eating pork roast, but I will say that the roast pork sliders "flew" off the plate:) . The Sedona Spring Rolls have plenty of spice and heat, and are also very nice. All in all, a very solid Happy Hour offering for $18 and change (before tip). Go, sit at the bar (always better service and your butt will thank me), and enjoy Sam's Happy Hour!~date, pork chicken chips salsa. chips salsa... tortilla chips 
Like most restaurants at the Biltmore Fashion Park (and malls in general), Sam's Cafe feels very corporate (and it is part of the Canyon Cafe chain), but don't let that hold you back here.  While there are better Southwestern places around, Sam's does a decent job with everything.  I've done dinner and drinks a few times before, but most recently had happy hour stuff at the bar - with reasonably priced margaritas, and friendly bartenders too.  Decent, but so-so chicken tortilla soup and quesadillas.  Jake is right.  This can be a pretty good date place, when you go with a pretty good date.  My last dinner here was an awful date gone awry, but thankfully the food was the saving grace here (or maybe it was by default).  Let's just say that my date almost got a swift kick in the ass on the way out and my delicious chile-rubbed steak almost got thrown as a weapon Napoleon Dynamite style.  But I digress, back to the dinner.  The steak was cooked as I asked (medium), and had a great marinade with a flavorful spiced rub, but the chile mashed potatoes were OK, and thought it lacked that chile punch that I was hoping for.  While the food quality is OK here, it's just that - average.~chicken date date. date date steak steak 
Ordered oysters which were very fresh. The veal chop was horribly cooked - medium throughout but completely rare towards the bone (indicates it was frozen prior to cooked). Also got the neptune platter which had an assortment of apps - it was horrible, scallops dry, tataki was dry without taste, shrimp was cooked on the outside but not the inside. This was very disappointing. Service was horrible and waiter was very argumentative when we brought to his attention the veal chop and in fresh seafood.  This place is a big no. I would not recommend going to this place unless you plan to get sick from eating the horrible seafood.~shrimp 
Been there 4 years ago. was expecting the same treatment. but NOT. Ask for a rare steak and they bring a really cook steak to me. Me and my boyfrienf wasnt happy . i was waiting for the waitress to ask how the meal was, if we like the plate. Didnt even bother or past by. maybe beacause she was busy to pamper her chic looking customer in the other table. Anyways i will never go back there because u got forget if u dun look like a rich old person. Terrible... go the check 127.93 dollars leave 18 dollars tips. we left a decent tips even all of that we had tell the waitress after paying the bill she just got nicer when she was what we tips her. what a shame.  Will never go back there. i think u can get better meal and service somewhere else.~steak steak 
I went here on Tuesday, April 24th while in Montreal for a business conference.  I dined early and alone, and was extremely pleased with this venue.  My service was attentive without being overbearing, and the atmosphere was refined and "hip".   I had a beet salad as a starter - prepared beautifully, and I actually took a photo of the plated presentation....and I am NOT a "take pictures of food" kind of traveler.  I went for the New Brunswick salmon with almond foam and mixed wild mushrooms, and it was simply perfect.  Fish prepared just flawlessly, mushrooms had a unique and varied texture and the appropriate light seasoning to let the "shroom" taste through.  I did not have dessert, but did have a cocktail, and total was 48$ CAN before grat.    Would absolutely go back, without question.  Was French without being overbearing and intimidating, and there were some incredibly artistic sounding dishes on the menu.  Amazing daily specials, but I was locked into the salmon from viewing the menu on the outside of the restaurant entrance.  Safe area - I walked to and from dinner on my own from hotel, and was extremely comfortable as a woman traveling alone.~beet salad salmon almond mushrooms, mushrooms salmon 
A one-star blah. This place will be closed down and forgotten before the coffee is served. Let me premise this by saying I'm not one of those usual review whiners that can't find anything good about anywhere. La Coupole was simply disappointing.   When we walked in, I thought that it would be such a fine, impressive place to bring out-of-town, business guests. However, the food and service did not live up to the standards of the atmosphere and the hotel it's attached to.   We went as a group of about twelve guests for a business lunch today. A few of us ordered the catch of the day, which was the red snapper. However, it was so flavourless and tough that it tasted like the catch of yesterday. The parsnips that came with it were tasty though. Two people ordered the hanger steak, which presented beautifully and looked delicious, but they both said their meat was cold.  Some of the waitstaff were nice, one seemed very inexperienced and a couple of others seemed snooty and apathetic. One served my salad in front of me, then without asking if  I'd ordered it, took it away and gave it to someone else. I even stopped him to ask him why he was doing that, yet he ignored me and continued on serving it to the other individual. They only offered us coffee and tea after we were almost through dessert.   I'll be recommending to my colleagues and friends that they go elsewhere. This town is too big for below average in a pricey `n pretty package.~coffee steak, salad coffee tea 
Don't go here.  I ordered the shrimp while my dinner companion ordered the steak.  Steak was okay.  Shrimp was so awful.  The bean puree, tomatoes and mushrooms accompanying the shrimp all had a terrible burnt taste.  If i wasn't starving and short on time pre concert I would have left mid dinner.    Service was also terrible.  We got our appetizers before our drinks.  And if we needed anything (salt, another glass of wine) we waited a good 10 minutes before our waitress even came over.  I was excited initially that they could seat us on a Friday pre concert without reservations but now I know why.~shrimp steak. steak shrimp mushrooms shrimp appetizers 
I wish I could give less than a star.  We are Saturday and It's Montreal en Lumiere. There's a special Brunch Menu for the occasion. My friend Karine heard good things about La Coupole so we decide to give it a try. We make a reservation for 3.  I arrive 10 minutes late, my friends are already at our table. The first floor is completely empty and its 12:40. There around 14  people (approx 5 tables) in the second floor. Our server give us the menu and coffee.   We get our appetizer after 25 Min. Its a bit long for smoke salmon and oysters. My oysters are not very cold and only get a piece of lemon and a sour sauce as garnish. Nobody is impress with their plates.  We wait another 40 Min to get our second dish. We all ordered egg Benedict and they are all overcooked. So basically not really an egg Benedict. There's a table spoon of hollandaise sauce and the plate is really sad looking. Finally after more than an hour of service we finally get our first glass of water and toast. If you compared it with eggspectation, im telling you, eggspectation is just Wayyy better and you won't feel rip off.  At this point I don't even want to complain. We had 2 different server and now the manager is serving us. Its really strange because overall we had 4 different server (3 server and 1 manager) doing the service. The manager took a while before finally taking out finished plates. He made and inappropriate comment to my friend about her not finishing her potatoes that made everybody uncomfortable.   My friend told me then that when she arrive 15 min early for brunch the manager told her really seriously to wait outside. when she was about to turn around and leave he told her that it was a joke... so you can have a good picture of the brilliant type of manager running that place.   Finally for our last dish, my friend who is a pastry chef got pastries of course. The cake was sooo dry just trying to take a bite was work. our plates once again looked all very sad. the waiters were all trying hard too look very busy with their now 4 tables.   We were the 3 of us debating and thinking hard to realize it was all our worst service we ever had. on top of it we all make better food than what we had serve. It was not quality food and we all paid 40$ for that.  I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS ON YELP!  Save your money, nobody deserve that, the service took 2 hours. its is now 3h24 and I feel bad for having paid for that.~coffee. salmon lemon egg egg pastries cake 
Gah , I don't know what to say about this place in all honestly . Fact is the first time I came here back in 2011, I had lunch et with a peer and it was a completly amazing experience filled with good food.  This was not the case on my second experience as I've been disappointed by the food. My salad accompanied by deer meat was okay . However , the main plate did not respond to my expectations as I had brunch previously with a friend back in 2011. Fact is my meat tasted extremely salty due to the sauce which really was not pleasant, especially when it covered the asparaguses and pretty much ruined the vegetables. As a result , I was not really satisfied about this main dish, especially for that price .  Anyway , La Coupole really screwed up this time , but will I give them another chance? Most likely as the service was excellent. Nonetheless , it is important to note the food proportion which is mediocre and that it is still a pricey restaurant.~salad 
After this last Friday, I will not be going here as often as I was. They have different colored tags, which on certain days are up to 75 percent off. This is awesome. CHEAP STUFF. You can call and check, or they have a sign with the dates that certain tags are discounted. I just got a whole bunch of Time Life Foods of the World books for a buck fifty each. I like that. Now, on to what I don't like.  I noticed a while back that they hired a new manager for the store. I now know that all of the nice, HARD-working elderly women that staff the store are unpaid volunteers. Meanwhile, the creepy Xtian white guy gets paid to lord it over them- while actually doing little of the real work. I have observed this every time I've been there. Do these women complain? Not to me. They do the work of pricing, organizing, cleaning, ringing folks up and every other thing- and they do it with a smile.  The creepy manager dude? Well...the first thing he did to me (this was about a month ago) was ring me up with my debit card and then proceed to address me by my name which he read off my card. In a very familiar, conversational way.This felt smarmy and boundary-violating. I never introduced myself, and I didn't know his name- although I do now; it's Ken.   So, what happened on Friday? He hit me. Yes, this creepy dude actually SMACKED me on the arm as I brushed by him while entering the store. I did not body-check him, honest. He then said to me in this petulant voice: "Are you even paying attention?" I said: "Paying attention to what?" I then realized what his problem was, but didn't have much sympathy since he had just smacked me on the arm like a pathetic 12-year-old dweeb. I asked, "Is anything broken? Do you think you'll survive?" I think he got the point. Maybe his mother didn't teach him how to say "excuse me"?  Hey, creep: it is NOT OK to hit your customers. And, I think it's really wrong to not pay the women who do the vast majority of the work, while you get a salary to "manage" them.  So, I'll still stop in for discount stuff now and then, but I will continue to avoid any further direct interaction with the creep who 'manages' this store. Hopefully he won't confront or touch me in any way again- if he does, there will be a BIG problem. God bless!~white 
This is my new favorite local foodie spot.  Came in for Sunday brunch with my girlfriend and we ordered two of their specials, the salmon/rice/egg scramble and the blueberry pancakes with homemade whip cream and honey syrup.  Also got their "orangeade" and moroccan mint tea.  the salmon/egg/rice scramble was FANTASTIC. came with a side of spinach with this delicious dressing that we both devoured.  it totally hit the spot and was just the right temperature (i have a problem with things either being too hot or too hold when they're served).  i wish this was a regular item on their menu because i'd be in here every day.  the blueberry pancakes were wheat i think, which made them not as moist as regular pancakes, but the blueberries inside of them provide the perfect amount of juiciness.  Honey syrup was different but what really made the pancakes was the whipped cream.  My girlfriend commented on how it was "just like her grandma made it".  Always a good sign :)  Like most of the other reviewers said, service can be slow, but I didn't mind, as I wasn't in a mood for things to move too fast.  Can get a little hot in there, as it seems they don't have A/C, just fans and a swamp cooler, and the art on the walls could use some help.  But I love the simplicity and design of the place, and considering I moved just down the street, this will definitely be a regular spot of mine to hit up.  Can't wait to try all of their menu items!~pancakes honey tea. spinach pancakes wheat pancakes, honey pancakes 
The only place I know of in Phoenix where you can get a fresh vegan breakfast, with new specials each week. I love the tofu scramble, sometimes they have a tofu and veggie breakfast burro which is absolutely to die for. The owner and staff are always very friendly and have always been happy to accommodate any special requests I've made.~tofu tofu 
Now I know why Emo guys can fit into jeans made for tween girls, they eat at places like this. It would make sense; this must be the target audience with this location.  I arrived just past noon with a co worker, luckily there was a police car parked nearby so I was not afraid to leave my car in this less than ideal neighborhood.   From the outside it looks modern, trendy and bright.   Inside are white tables and chairs, seating is limited but their business also seemed to be a bit limited. After hearing about the specials and looking over the menu I chose the Blue Cheese Quesadilla with tomato Marmalade as I do love blue cheese.   When my meal arrived I was shocked how small, pale and pedestrian it looked. Unlike the photo provided my quesadilla was much smaller made with an out of a package soft taco sized tortilla. Accompanying it was a small almost garnish sized dollop of rice salad on top of some baby spinach greens. The rice salad was cold, and flavorless, cold rice is rarely a good culinary choice.   My quesadilla was under done and unevenly browned, there was plenty of marmalade but not too much cheese. The flavors just did not work for me even when I tried to pair it with the apple garnish.   My coworker ordered the lentil soup special of the day. It came in a small cup with a challa spinach and cheese Panini on the side. When a ~100lb female says hr portion was small you know it must be small. She enjoyed the soup, and felt the Panini was just mediocre filler.   My second drink refill, when it finally came was warm as they had no ice in the pitcher.  I see no reason for me to try another meal here.~white cheese tomato cheese. taco salad spinach greens. salad cheese. apple spinach cheese 
In my quest to find a Palatte replacement, I ate at Sapna.  Amazing.  Well crafted tasty food in non-american portions. The eggs with the tomato sauce -- the eggs were farm fresh and I could taste the carmelized onions. And the pint of gazpacho brought me back to Seville.  I did think about spiking with some good vodka for a sublime bloody mary.  Fantastic tea, great coffee, charming service, bright beautiful location. Please stay open -- I'll pay for business education classes.~tomato seville. tea, coffee, 
The first thing you notice about Sapna Cafe are the windows pouring natural light into this neat, white space. (For shape, think of the Flatiron Building in New York on a tiny, tiny scale.)  The windows are covered with thin 15-foot mix-and-match drapes tied to reveal Grand and 13th Ave. views.  The vaguely triangular dining room gives way to a door frame through which you find the blackboard menu and register, where you order.  I took two friends on Saturday during Art Detour for a late lunch and the place was about half-full with the owner and one other person working.  There are two daily specials, and I had the Garbanzos and Eggplant in a Coconut Milk Curry, which came with brown rice, baguette pieces, and a side salad of field greens modestly but flavorfully dressed, all for $6.50.  The curry was rich, warm, and filling, and the firmness of the garbanzos went well with the butter-soft eggplant.  A great lunch for the price.  My friend Katie had the messy but delicious tabbouleh and chipotle hummus wrap, and my friend Kelly had a large salad with cranberries, almonds, goat cheese, and manchego.  It was dressed with balsamic vinegar only (no oil?), so the flavor was mostly sweet and tangy.  The drinks, we agreed, were on the subpar side.  The orangeade was inventive and attractive on the menu, but was mostly diluted and unsatisfying for $3.  Sapna's seems to be sorting out the ordering, serving, clean-up system, not to mention operating the register.  Ringing up sales took about 3-5 minutes per patron, and you pay at the end.  The half-eaten and abandoned sandwich at the adjacent table remained for our entire hour lunch.  Nevertheless, I am so grateful for fresh, interesting food on Grand Ave., and I'm confident Sapna Cafe will work out the service issues.  I will return.~white coconut milk brown salad greens butter- salad cheese, sandwich 
While on the walking tour at the Grand Avenue Festival I thought I'd stop in for a quick bite. I'd heard great things and was excited to try something new. The place was busy, sure, but not packed. After my experience today I can say I'm not impressed.  The people working seemed flustered and disorganized. No one seemed to be in charge. It was chaos.  I ordered toast. It took 40 MINUTES to get my damn toast!!! I don't care how "busy" any place is, 40 minutes for toast is unacceptable.  The snarky worker gave me attitude when I asked how much longer it would be. "Well, we're busy" was the reply. But when I pay $3.79 for toast with butter and I don't have it 40 minutes later, being "busy" isn't the response I want to hear.  I don't really care how great the food is. It could be the best food in the entire Valley and I wouldn't go back. But if you chose to go, make sure you bring a novel and have no where else to be the rest of the day.~butter 
this was my second trip for breakfast to sapna and again, i was the only customer in there for over an hour.   not that i was in a rush, but damn man, it is like molasses in there. so slow....the waiter guy....just...just...i don't know what it is about some of these uber hip places....like the orange table....couldn't give a rat's ass if you ate there or not, just as long as you look forlorn, angry, or wearing an emo-mullet.   coffee was cold and like other reviewers, feels like forever to get refill. and this time, my portion seemed a bit less filling. a baked scramble with tofu, tomatoes and cheese, it was wicked hot and i nearly suffered 3rd degree burns when i rotated my plate. i felt like i could've eaten 2 more....good, but kinda small. i've had better.   but the kicker came, and i don't know why i didn't fuss about this in my last review was the price. 10.75 for that small portion and 2 cups of coffee. i know, i know, i'm so hypocritical....i want good, local ingredients but i don't want to pay the price (did you know you can get an enormous breakfast that would fill 3 people for under 5 bucks?). what's a cheap bastard to do?   in the end, not a great exprience this time. will check back later....~molasses coffee tofu, cheese, coffee. 
I've deeply enjoyed Anna's stall at the downtown farmers' market and am delighted to [belatedly] learn she finally opened her cafe.  We went yesterday and had specials - a libation of gazpacho with beet instead of tomato as a base [surprisingly delicious and thirst quenching] - her filling take on a Spanish omelette and a pasta dish garnished with carmelized onion, bleu cheese and crushed walnut - again suprisingly delicious.  A word traveler who has mashed diverse sampled cuisines with a taste for what's good - Phoenix is a richer place for her sojourn here.~beet tomato pasta onion, cheese 
finally got to try this place out! i went for lunch on a friday but arrived early because of warning of slow service. these rumors seem to be true. i ordered the watermelon rosewater beverage which was refreshing and not too sweet, and the goat cheese and red pepper quesadilla which was heavenly. the only problem with it was that it wasn't six times bigger. i seriously considered ordering another. and another. the red peppers are made into a marmalade, so they're sweet; sweet and unbelievably delicious.  i also ordered the eggplant and chick pea salad because they were out of the lentil salad. the dressing was citrusy and light, but there was a little too much of it on the salad. otherwise, it was delightful. a simple salad.   service was friendly, albeit slow, but they easily accommodated my friend who was unable to eat starchy products. they cooked up an off-menu delicious spanish-style vegetable dish with eggs and chorizo. she was smitten.   my only complaint was that it was very, very hot in there. true, it's august, but i was sweaty when i left. and they were all out of dessert which may or may not be a bad thing!~cheese salad salad. salad. salad. 
I had the brie and carmelized onion quesadilla and my husband had the calcutta egg roll.  Can't wait to try everything on the menu.   Ana was our server for our early saturday morning bruch.  When I first saw the small space and fold out chairs, I worried I had made a wrong choice, but when the food arrived we were blown away.  Never would have expected such depth in flavor.  Ana took the time to come out and answer questions about ingredients used and even went back to the kitchen to bring us the jar of an ingredient we'd never heard of.   Great place, amazing food.  I only wish I could have a calcutta egg roll everyday.~onion egg roll. egg roll 
This charming little cafe made my day-  the atmosphere is charming, clean, bright and warm....and the wait staff and cook were friendly and welcoming.... but the food?  the food was the best part.  eclectic, delicious AND reasonably priced.  I got an eggplant panini--called espaniclata or something- which came with a side salad.  The quesadilla I split with my coworker was surprising and sweet- good for a snack or dessert.  I wasn't a big fan of the chai (I stole a sip from a friend)---it was Indian, just not what I am used to- not as sweet Anyways, I went on Friday for lunch, and liked it so much I had to go back Sunday.  Again, fantastic.  I think I found a new love.~salad. 
The food is really very good. Always fresh and interesting. My favorite thing is the gazpacho.   Today, I went for lunch with a largish group of people. Even though the dining area isn't that big, we were all accommodated nicely. They even split up the tab for us! (there were 9 of us) I love that they have really tasty vegan fare which in this city can be hard to come by.   Here are my issues. Although the owners/servers are nice, the service can be really really bad. I'm not a pessimist, but why would a waiter only fill up a glass of water halfway? Also to describe the non-vegan special today, our waitress said "oh, you know, it's like fish and rice and tomato sauce" appetizing....  I prefer my servers to have social skills.   BUT I still recommend going here. The food is good, and it is a locally owned establishment.  I can't wait to come back and visit Phoenix when the Grand Ave area really explodes.~tomato 
The one thing that I always think when I see a small menu is, "these better be good." Sapna's menu is very small - about 15 items - but what they do have they do really well. A friend and I shared the Goat Cheese and Red Pepper quesadilla (awesome), we all had the veggie panini (mmm-mmm good) and drank Moroccan Mint Tea (perfect). The red peppers in the quesadilla were actually in marmalade form and tasted fantastic - I'd love to try the bleu cheese and tomato quesadilla. I loved the simplicity of the panini; all of the veggies were cooked just right. The sandwich didn't fall apart, but it was fully stuffed with goodies. And if I could drink the Moroccan mint tea everyday, I'd consider myself the luckiest woman in the world.   The decor inside is simple and the service was friendly. I love the sprigs of basil as the table flowers. We waited an average amount of time for our meals (approximately fifteen minutes) and the waitress was available when we needed her. There were a few other people inside besides my friends and me, but it was Phoenix on a Saturday night - I wouldn't have expected a crowd. I can't wait to go back to try the Gypsy soup and get another cup of mint tea.~cheese tea ( cheese tomato sandwich tea tea. 
This is a really nice, unique neighborhood place - the decor reminded me of South Beach a little. The menu is nice, although the pricing is a little odd. The $5 goat cheese and red pepper marmalade quesadilla was delicious but tiny. Meanwhile, we got a bigpiece of pound cake for dessert that was just $2.50. And my ginger lemonade was $3. I'd say both food items should have been about $4, and the drink $2. The paninis are priced right - $7 for a nice sandwich with a small side salad of mixed greens. All-in-all, the food gets a solid 4 stars. The service, however, is their weak point. It took 10 minutes for our server to come over to take drink orders and another 10 minutes for her to come back to take food orders...not a place to get in and out of quickly. Sapna is a great addition to this Grand Ave. area - now they just need to hone their service.~cheese cake ginger sandwich salad greens. 
Each time I've been to Sapna the food has been excellent! I've only had breakfast here and each time I order the frittata of the day. My husband has ordered the pumpkin pancakes and oh my god, these are some of the best pancakes I have ever had. The syrup is so yummy. I'm drooling just thinking of them.  We have also had the Calcutta egg roll, which is worth a try, but not sure I would get it again and the pork tacos which were just delicious.  The Moraccan mint tea is very tasty. A very refreshing iced tea with fresh mint leaves.   I love the food, but have to say the service is a bit hit or miss. As other Yelpers have said, you could be the only person in the place and hardly see your server. It's a small place, so I don't know how one person could go unnoticed. Really, the service isn't much to complain about as the food is so good I can kind of overlook the service.  I think once this place catches on they will have a line out the building like Matt's Big Breakfast and rightly so as I think the food is far more superior.~pumpkin pancakes pancakes egg roll, pork tacos tea tea 
Wow, I have to say we were both underwhelmed...and I had hoped for so much more. I loved the building from the get go...had been there before and thought it was brilliant to open a restaurant in that space.  How cute!  Cozy and charming.  Loved it.    We arrived at 2:30 on a Saturday and we were told to take a seat - and then we waited quite a while for someone to come and take our order.  They never asked us if we wanted water, and the drink I had ordered was not available so we both ordered cold drinks - he had Ginger Lemonaide and I had Orangeaide.  Loved the Ginger flavor, but both the drinks were syrup sweet - which was not what we were hoping for - we like our citrus to have some tang. Then we ordered a bowl of soup, quesdilla with brie and onion marmalade (both for me) and a turkey sandwich with cheese and mustard sauce (him.)  Both our plates arrived and were very nice...but no soup ever came.  Then we waited, thinking the soup and the silverware was coming, and we waited...and waited...and no soup - and still waiting.  My lovely companion got up and stole some place settings from somewhere else and in doing so we snuck into the kitchen to inquire about my soup.  They said they forgot - which was cool - but apparently they had put it away and it was going to have to be reheated which meant we ended up sharing everything...except the soup.  Now for the food.....it was good - but not great.  It was somewhat bland.  It had great, fresh ingredients, but everything was tainted with something sweet.  The soup needed salt (they don't have any on the table) and the other items were meant to be sweeter - I guess.  So maybe this is a GREAT restaurant and I was just tainted by the slow service.  Or maybe we should have ordered something else.  I promise to go back - I refuse to give up on this place...It's just too damn cute!~ginger ginger onion sandwich cheese 
My mom and I tried this place today. We are both avid cooks - and picky but appreciative eaters as a result.  I've got to say, we were both pleasantly surprised by the special: Moroccan lentil soup served with bread and salad. The flavors were fantastic! And the soup was hearty.  There are options for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters here. The food is Spanish and Moroccan inspired. The ingredients are incredibly fresh. The service is friendly. And the prices are affordable. All in all a good experience.  As other reviewers have noted, the pace is slow. This is not the place to go if you are in a hurry.~salad. 
When I was a kid, and a restaurant would close that my mom & dad liked, they would always say, "oh, darn, I guess we didn't go there enough."  Sapna Cafe is one of those places that I plan to go to enough!   It is so darn CUTE, great adaptive reuse of an unusual space on Grand Ave.   But most importantly, the food is AWESOME.     Friday night I stopped in for dinner solo - warmly welcomed.  But, sadly, only two other tables were occupied.   Two more came in while I was there.   Now there are only maybe 12 tables in the place, but still.    Based on the tasty food and the almost anachronistically low prices, this place should be rockin' every Friday night. Constantly changing menu, because everything is fresh-fresh-fresh.    I was also offered numerous off-menu options, by the lovely and friendly server, Paris, and settled on a linguine pasta with shrimp and pesto sauce.  Oh my it was so good I snarfed it right down, and wanted to pick up the plate and drain the remaining yummy olive oil pesto sauce into my mouth.  (But I didn't.  Really.)     Dessert was homemade Tapioca pudding, yum!   If you do Facebook, fan them and you'll get the planned special as an update every day.   Go, really - it's awesome.~pasta shrimp olive 
This place makes me happy. As a native San Franciscan, Sapna reminds me of the cute neighborhood cafes with amazing food and great prices. I had a delightful brie + pear combination panini, which was served with a salad lightly dressed in vinaigrette; to drink I had a ginger lemonade which tickled the tongue. Plus...the colors of the building are incredible. Can't wait to go back.~pear salad ginger 
OK, having read the hot/cold reviews on Sapna and having a free Sunday to spend with my sweet baboo...off we went.   First of all...service issues listed in prior reviews are mostly true. This is not a "get 'em in, get 'em out" kind of place, so we didn't see our waiter that often. I was prepared for a slow experience, so it didn't bother me...much. That said, I do want a cup of coffee more frequently than every 20 minutes. Our server mentioned that a fresh pot was being brewed, so I understood the delay for the first cup. When he came out of the kitchen and refreshed all the cups at the other table, I was already itchin' for my second cup...DENIED! Didn't even come near our table to check on our caffeine level 8(  We both ordered brunch specials. I had the much bally-hooed pumpkin pancakes, which didn't taste all that pumpkin-y. I haven't yet decided if that is good or bad. The cream cheese/walnut topping was awesome and they were not skimpy with it. The pancakes were moist and delish. The leftovers (which didn't really fit into the chinese leftover box I was given) will be wonderful tomorrow a.m., I'm sure!  Hubby had a baked breakfast casserole. It smelled delish and he claims it was wonderful. It had spinach, chorizo, egg, tomato and cheese (and other stuff i'm sure) and was baked. It looked a bit runny, but after mixing it all together and slathering it on top of the home fries (which he claimed were good), it lost its runny appearance. Go figure!  I felt that the room could have used some sound deadening, as the group at the other table was a bit loud, but the front door was open and the street noise was non-existent. Cute atmosphere...all IKEA, all the time!  Our check was exactly $20 without tip/tax, so I felt like it was a successful outing. Great weather, great food, good (if not slow) service.   I look forward to a return visit to try other menu items, as many looked like stuff right up my alley!~coffee pumpkin pancakes, pumpkin- pancakes spinach, egg, tomato cheese ( fries ( 
Solid menu choices.  Great customer service.   Sapna Cafe is a breath of fresh air along Grand Avenue.   Robert M and I drove past this place after arrive home from a vacation in San Francisco. Having dined out daily there, we were in no mood to cook but a bit apprehensive about eating somewhere that would disappoint. Sapna came to the rescue.   We split the Croque Monsieur panini and a tomato salad. The panini was fabulous; the salad a little too bitter for Robert's tastes but otherwise good. They don't refrain from their use of garlic in the latter, so it's best to share this on a date.   Apparently, this space can be rented out which would make a great party spot. Plus, they're working on getting a liquor license.~tomato salad. salad garlic date. 
Sapna.  Been here twice. Second instance first Friday. Met with my precocious sister and a girl with a similar hair style.   The waitress was charming and fresca like a cilantro roasted lime creme fraiche. As she explained the menu, she remarked on my visage and stated that I appeared unimpressed. Either I am easy to read or she is good at detecting mannerisms.  I ordered the quesadilla with goat cheese and red bell pepper marmalade. It was tasty. However the inner portion of the tortilla was soft and soggy from the cheese yet the ends were crisp and too brittle. All in all the dish was a good combination of flavors and adequately priced for the ingredients.  The coffee was good. That is a huge plus.   Finally they changed service in between our visit. A bit weird. An introduction would have been nice. They did not offer to refill my coffee nor served us water. Was their a shortage that I was not aware of?   Anyway, it is spartan and white with copious amount of window space. Not sure if I like it, but it is definitely a style.  I am excited that Dominique from Palette. is coming on board to come up with some ideas for the menu. YAY!~cilantro lime cheese bell pepper cheese coffee coffee white 
Our tradition on vacation is to seek out breakfast spots. We either find something near where we plan to go, something in route, or just plain go out of our way to have some place that has gotten killer reviews. This place is not the third one yet, but was on our way (mostly) to Goodyear. We were headed out for a ball game (of course).   From the direction we were heading, there was no real perfect exit to get off the 10, so we did a little round a bout thing. But, we got there and found it. Take a good look at the pictures, it helps when you are searching for this place. We got parked with no difficulty and were worried that the place might not even be open. It is pretty desolate around this area. Not too "scary" as Matt K's sister thinks, at least not at 10am in the morning.   THe place is cute. A triangular building with lots of windows. No huge sign to advertise, but maybe just being on YELP will help them. We walked in to the small main dining area. Lots of white ikea tables and chairs with cute flowers on all of them. Bright drapery covering the sunny side of the building's windows. Lots of natural light in here and very inviting. The staff greeted us right away and asked us to order up at the counter, as they do not have menus printed yet. So, I assume that is coming.   We walked through the doorway into more of a kitchen area that had a counter setup and a large board with menu items. There are daily lunch specials, about 6-7 breakfast items, a lunch menu and a heafty list of specialty drinks. This place is really a true "Asian" Fusion, incompasing all of Asia. But, with a dabble in a few extra places, we will just call this world fusion. There are lots of really creative dishes and things that I would not necessarily have put together. But, they work.   I ordered a Calcutta Egg wrap. This was really unique. The tortilla and the egg were like one. Inside there were veggies (too many onions for me, I will omit them next time), including carrots, cilantro, and tomato. They give you a side of sweet chili sauce to top it. Other than the onions that I fished most of out, this was DELICIOUS. I am not sure how they did the egg, but I do not have to know. I just have to eat it. SG ordered a scrambled egg plate with stir fried asian veggies. He loved the combination and was surprised to find how great it all was together.   We both stepped outside our norms and also got a specialty tea. We ordered the Indian Chai. It was very good. There were lots of other choiced that tempted me, but this one struck me first. I would love to go back and try the Ginger Lemonade. I am a sucker for ginger!  Overall, this is a good little place with some really fresh, tasty, creative menu items. I hope that the lunch traffic can sustain them, since they have such potential. COME ON YELPERS, get in there and check it out. It is close enough to stop in for breakfast or lunch and get a little bite, even if you take it out, rather than eating in.~white egg egg cilantro, tomato. egg, egg tea. ginger ginger! 
3.5 to be exact...Came here for lunch yesterday, and enjoyed the gorgeous weather over a glass of...gazpacho?   The space is really bright and airy, we went up and ordered at the counter and then slipped outside and moved our table into the sunshine. The man-friend and I split the veggie pasta special, the veggie sandwich, a glass of gazpacho, and each had a glass of ginger lemonade. Our lemonade came out first, and it was good. Not as gingery as I like it, but not surprising. I like a lot of ginger.   Next out was the gazpacho. The chef (and I think owner?) mentioned that she was from Spain, so I knew I had to give it a try. It was listed under drinks, but I didn't really imagine that it would actually come out in a glass with ice and a straw. I got over the presentation quickly. This was THE BEST gazpacho I've had in years. Totally pureed, garlicky, with breadcrumbs in the mix so it tastes a bit creamy. Basically, the real freakin deal.   It didn't take long for the rest of our meal to make it out. The pasta was really flavorful, with heaps of veggies piled on top of a hearty serving. The veggie sandwich wasn't a new favorite, but it wasn't bad, either. Both came with mixed greens salads and a vinaigrette. The salad was tender, the dressing was alright.   We had a bit of a glitch with our bill on the way out. Everything is manually entered into the system, old school style, so take a closer peek at your check.   There were lots of other tasty looking things on the menu like the Gypsy stew, pear and gorgonzola sandwich and some breakfast items, so we'll definitely be back.~pasta sandwich, ginger ginger. pasta sandwich greens salads salad pear sandwich 
This place was a long time in coming, but well worth the wait. The food tastes as though it were served off your own stove, with grandma at the spoon. It's homey and tasty. I had the chiken potato soup (the daily special $6.50) and it was very tasty, accompanied by 3 toasted baguette slices, served dry for dipping, and a mixed green salad with a fruity vinegarette. The portions were perfect. I ordered the morroccan mint tea with much anticipation, but to my dismay it was not what i had in Morroco or Tunisia. I guess serving a tea glass filled completely to the rim with mint and tea will have to be a home made thing. ( Thinking back to my travels i wonder where they grew all that friggin mint? They had to sell it in bushells with the amounts in each glass.) My nephew ordered the chicken panini and it was delicious, but cost $7 because it comes with a salad.  There was a steady flow of patrons, so the food will rest assured be fresh. Not to many people know about the place which makes getting in and out easy. Best part is this location is directly across the street from ShopDevious.com so you can shop and eat on your lunch break with time to spare.   On the bad side, i tried to sit outside to enjoy the fresh air, but the street was so unleveled i ended up sitting sideways at the table which was on a downward slope, and my soup seeped over the edge until i could make a dent with the spoon, ending up all over my tray and plate. Next time i'll sit inside. Good thing the food was too good to notice the slope after the first bite (i even picked up my bowl holding it in hand at one point) it was so delicious.~potato salad tea tea tea chicken salad. 
Sapna.  I wonder what that means? The first thing I noticed was the bright airy space that felt like an oasis coming in from 100 degree mid afternoon weather. The girl working was totally adorable and sat us down with some menus. She immediately started gushing about the lentil salad, so I didn't get much time to look closely at the menu. I was too worried about hurting her feelings NOT to order the lentil salad, so we settled on that and the eggplant panini sans cheese.  best. salad. ever. Extremely fresh tasting, local greens, lentils, and other veggies in a barely there lemon vinaigrette.  And some pita on the side. The panini was okay. Yummy rustic whole wheat bread. As we munched, I noticed the lush little patch of garden growing by the telephone pole outside. A grip of basil just basking away in DIRECT SUNLIGHT and looking fantastic. WTF I couldn't keep mine alive for a week!  Anyway. Total for the sandwich and salad was around $14. Not mad at that. I'll be back for nopales and a tofu scramble breakfast burrito.~salad, salad, cheese. salad. greens, lentils, lemon wheat sandwich salad nopales tofu burrito. 
This is the cutest place with great healthy food options.  I love the decor and shape of the space, triangular, light and airy.  I had an eggplant and onion panini and some ginger lemonade.  Totally fantastic.  Great little spot for a light brunch after Mass.  Looking forward to visiting again!~onion ginger 
I want to like this place a lot. Grand desperately needs some strong eateries. Sapna seems like it should be excellent: cheap, healthy food in a unique triangle-shaped setting. So what went wrong?  I've given this place several tries. Every time the service is terrible. They're understaffed (even when we were the only table there... one person working at a restaurant isn't possible), and if there are more than three employees there at once, they always get confused. I'm not sure what the reason is...the place only has like eight tables.   Second, the atmosphere is depressing. Sapna has a really different setting in the tip of the Bragg's Pie building. If anything, the atmosphere should be the automatic winner. Instead, it's a plain white room with plain white plastic tables. Last time I was in there, the one painting hanging on the wall fell off, hitting a patron in the head. Then it took several minutes for the server to get him some ice. He had a nice ole welt.   I like the quesadillas here a lot. The food is fresh... just not always tasty. The ratatouille is strong. I have yet to find a really great salad on the menu.~pie white white salad 
I'm pretty disappointed because my first visit to Sapna was really awesome! My second visit was unfortunately not....  I went in last night to get some take out from the restaurant, lets just say Sapna is not prepared to do take out orders! I ordered the Gypsy Stew for $5 and the daily special ( garbanzo bean salad) for 7.50 my total came to around $13. When I got home and opened the bag of take out, my gypsy stew was placed in a 6.0z  to go coffee cup. I was a little put off by that, and then I look down and the garbanzo bean salad was placed in the smallest lil' container I have ever seen. I was upset because I had just paid $13 for this meal and waited 10 minutes for it to arrive to me.  I ate the food and it was good, but I was upset about the fact I had just paid $13 for a ridiculous amount of food! It is a good restaurant, but for dine in only.... I also feel the restaurant staff/ owners could use a little lesson in organizational skills.~salad) coffee salad 
Sapna Cafe is one of those places I would have missed had it not been for the Urban Spoon App on my iPhone. I love to try new places and this place is certainly worth trying. The staff is very friendly and the food is very fresh and tasty. I had one of the daily specials. It was sort of like a breakfast burrito with eggs and other goodies in a tortilla with a side salad made of fresh greens. I also had the Ginger Lemonade and even fresh Strawberries and Creme. I wish them well, I will be back again.~burrito salad greens. ginger 
The food here is just average. I wanted a hearty breakfast this morning, so I invited my friend Seene to join me.  I ordered scrambled eggs with vegetables and a cup of coffee and my friend ordered a sandwich with salad.  All of it was competently made but nothing jumped out as being hearty and good quality. My toast were this two sad little biscuits. :(   I really wanted to like this place, but there just doesn't seem to be enough special about the place to give it four stars. On the other hand, the positive side is they have vegan options.~coffee sandwich salad. 
Everyone, in your best Joe Pesci (lethal weapon style) voice - "Ok, Ok, Ok". Yes, just like Joe gets excited, I'm totally excited about this place.   After dying to get there for like the last month, I finally made it. Uh oh, though, I look at the menu, and oh great more salads and panini's. I mean really?, is that what downtown needs. Hannys, postino, lisa g, local breeze, hob nob- great, sandwiches. :(  Then (insert angelic chorus - "ahhhhhhhh") the waitress walks through the specials. Lentil salad, salmon over greens, tofu pasta, garbanzo bean salad, et' voilà!  Low and behold, I went with the lentil salad. What do NBA fans say?- "Its Fantastic"! A mixture of lentils, carrots, zucch - all over greens. Mmm, yum. The wife went on to have a panini, and you know what, I'll be eating crow for sure. Pears, Brie, walnuts all on wheat bread, then grill - mmmmmmm.   Let's top it off with the chocolate mousse, shall we? Yes we shall!! Yes, ladies and gentlemen - another fine course.   The atmosphere is clean, but bright and casual. Give this place a shot- open your mind and have some fun!~salads salad, salmon greens, tofu pasta, salad, salad. lentils, greens. wheat 
i love this place.  the food is always delicious and well prepared.  my favorite dish at the moment is the tofu scramble with veggies, it never disappoints me.    the space is clean, airy and bright.  the staff is friendly and attentive.  i took my (picky) sister here for lunch when she visited from out of town and she made us go back for brunch on the way to the airport!~tofu 
Cute little space in a mostly anonymous part of downtown that is often neglected. Nice people serving up quality, healthy, mostly organic food. Vegan-friendly, but with a little something for us meat-eaters too. Small menu, quick and easy. Interesting desserts and juice/teas and great lunch specials. I like the chicken sandwich, but I'd pass on their quesadillas since for the price you pay, it's sort of a meager meal. you get more bang for your buck with the other items on the menu. A great addition to Grand Ave.~chicken sandwich, 
update - Sapna is now closed  Sapna is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix, and I am so fortunate to live just down the street. The owner, Anna, is from Spain and has travelled the world, and she competently reflects her time in Spain, India, Mexico, and elsewhere in her dishes.   The food is most important, and this is where Sapna shines. A regular at the Downtown Farmers Market -- both as a vendor and a buyer -- Anna's food is local, fresh, organic, and filled with vegan and vegetarian options. Rarely do I order off the menu, as Sapna's specials reflect what just came off the farm. Yes, I have had a dish or two that didn't wow me, but the homemade pasta is some of the best I've ever had, and the paella is right out of Spain (when it is included with the specials).  The space is small, but charming. Shaped like a slice of pie with large windows on both sides of the angles, the spot in the Bragg's Pie Building is fun, casual, and filled with local art for sale. The floors are unfinished, the furniture is from Ikea, and the tables have basil or whatever is currently growing in the outside containers in small vases; and sometimes they are growing roots in the water. High end? No. Quirky? Sure.  The service is friendly, but can be slow if the place gets full. If you want fast and typical, Sapna is not for you. If you like fresh and local from a talentePhoenix owner/chef, put this place on the top of your list!~pasta paella pie pie 
Not a fan. A group of us swung by during June's First Friday around 830PM. We were seated relatively fast and our orders were taken in short order, but after that service came to a grinding halt. The menu is limited in general but the sandwiches looked great, of course that was not what I ordered. I went for the $5 gypsy stew which was really tasty, but I was served a portion that should have cost $1.25. I mean seriously, soup is the classic poor people food, this had like 16 garbanzos, a few random veggies floating around in it and a little bit of potato. For $5 I could have made at least a gallon of soup. Please at least serve a portion that isn't blatant about ripping me off. Thank you. Because I'd gone light on dinner I ordered the olive oil cake thing I'd seen at the register with a tag on it that said $2.50 a slice. The cake came out with a side of 4 cantaloupe cubes and 1 strawberry in some glaze. The cake was nice, pretty much the consistency of corn bread and no heavy olive flavor. I'd never had it before so weee, new things in my mouth.  When it came time to pay my $2.50 slice of cake morphed into a $5.50 dessert. Say what?   I am infinitely annoyed by price gouging and none of this food is spectacularly intricate or worth the wait. When I tell you that we waited 30 minutes for 4 sandwiches and 1 cup of soup I am not speaking in hyperbole. We didn't leave sapna until 10PM because the server forgot to serve me the cake slice i'd ordered at the same time as the soup.    Yeah I guess I'm a little bitter about it.~potato. olive cake cake cake corn bread olive cake cake 
Been here a few times. Highlights include nice smoked meat that you can carve for yourself and a nice selection of food that they seem to take care of. Low include the fact that they seem to waste a lot of food because they refuse to label the food. Yes, it's mystery food time! Seriously... you have to guess what things are. What if you had allergies? What I thought might be chicken.... fish! A few dishes could use a little help and maybe an update. But otherwise it's a solid chinese buffet when you have that craving for cheap chinese fare ala all you can stomach. The service was good.~chicken.... 
Having dined at this location numerous times, last two times have encountered issues,1)temperature of hot and sour soup Luke warm even after mention to staff found same problem last visit 2) General Tao chicken had no chicken just fried dough want back to get more to make sure it may have been random , cut into 10 pieces no chicken ,  Will not be back .~chicken chicken chicken , 
Went there for the first time last night - Similar to other buffets in the area, but there's a wider selection of asian inspired foods like sushi and noodles. There is a wok/grill station where you can pick your own noodles, veggies, meat and sauce and have a chef cook it up for you on the spot. In terms of desserts, I particularly liked their lemon pie and blue bubble gum flavored ice cream - 2 items I haven't encountered at other buffets in Montreal.  If you can fill up on sashimi, you may get your money's worth. It was 18.50$ on a Monday night, I believe the weekend prices go up to 25$ and children below a certain age eat free. Watch out for coupons if you live on the south shore, I've often seen promotions like "2 can dine" for a set price in local flyers. They no longer have a website so I would suggest calling them for prices or just walk in to see the food selection.~sushi lemon pie ice cream - 
I've been here twice and I would come back. I never painted a canvas before coming here and it has made me a fan of painting! I've even started painting in my free time at home. The teachers explain everything really well and make you feel comfortable asking questions. Your painting will turn out exactly like theirs, if you want, or you can deviate from their template and add your own special touches. It's a fun way to spend 2 hours and the time FLIES by when you're concentrating and having fun. It's also in a good location because after the class you can walk over to Mellow Mushroom or one of the nearby restaurants and get a bite to eat.  My only recommendation to them is to add new paintings to their calendar. I've already painted two that I like, and I want to schedule another visit but I'm not wow-ed by anything on the calendar yet.~mushroom 
Went here with my lady for a date. The instructor was a bit hard to follow at times and moved too quickly others, but would help people when they were straggling. Over all was a fun time and we have a couple of mementos from it that we have on the wall.~date. 
I just recently discovered this place only because of Living Social and they had a deal going on. $50 ($100 value) for a three-hour BYOB painting class for two. Materials included are: 16x20 canvas, acrylic paints, brushes, and an apron for each student. You can go on their website and check their event calendar to see what the instructor will teach that day. Each week is a different theme and they show samples of the instructors artwork on the calendars to show you as well. I choose the "Tree of Love" theme since I was going with my bf and thought it be a cool experience for our first time. You have to make reservations online or by phone.   We got there pretty early and was greeted by the instructor and she had us sign in and then told us to pick a place to sit. We were talking to her briefly since we were early and she was so sweet. Once everyone was in we got started and she goes over everything step by step to make it real simple. During the class, she will make sure that everyone is at the same pace and then she will proceed with the next step. Her assistance was out that day so her husband was the assisting for the night and he was taking pictures and helping people out if it was needed. When she announced that I was like awww, that's too cute! Her and her hubby teaching her class together!   Since this was a BYOB painting class, it really made the class more enjoyable with your significance other or friends. It just makes the activity more exciting since you're a little tipsy. I noticed one lady that came in and she even brought a big huge icebox for her BYOB lol. Now that's SMART, I am going to steal her idea and do that next time so my drinks are cold and ready! =)  Overall, I enjoyed this fun little activity a lot. My bf liked it too and we want to go back. We loved how our painting turned out so we got it framed and now it's hanging in our room. It was a good date night, and I would definitely recommend this place.~date 
I might be bias since I work at this campus but I gotta admit, the ASU Downtown Phoenix Campus has appeal. It's a different world compared to the Tempe campus which is a university campus surrounded by an urban setting, Downtown campus is a university set amidst an urban setting. No, it's nowhere close to New York University in Manhattan but where ASU is situated is that it's centrally located in the Phoenix downtown area next to the Transit Center, and an urban park. Everything is within walking distance, CityScape on Washington is less than 6 minutes walk and the Roosevelt Arts District is north of it and less than 5 minutes away. As a campus, it can be recognized by the School of Journalism building on Central, and the University Center building just south of it. Basically the campus starts at the YMCA building to the west, Journalism building to the north, Arizona Center and University Mercado to the east, and the University Center Building to the south. It encompasses more than 6 blocks. It's a good start for ASU, and it's nice to see the university expanding its presence downtown. I wish the university was in more buildings spread throughout downtown instead of a specific area, I think it will eventually get there with the revitalization of the Jefferson warehouse district south of the sport arena but right now it's a good place to be. :)~sport 
I love this campus. It's within walking distance to my house and was inspiration behind me going back to school.  All my classes are in the same building, which is a bonus. All is all my professors offices.  I don't feel like I can knock it for it's expensive factor because I already knew that coming into it. But I will knock it a star because of it's food options are limited, perhaps too much so. I have money on my SunCard so I went to Taylor Place one day to score some food. I'm not a resident there so I was majorly peeved by the price of a lunch. It's $7.50 for a one hour time limited all-you-can eat buffet. I'd be happy if I didn't catch it just before dinner hit so I would have had some hot food choices, but no luck. They set the dinner food out and it was about 7 mintues before dinner started (4:30) and they were very concerned about not letting students devour that food until dinner opened.  So my "lunch" I was stuck with a $7.50 salad and stale cookie. I won't go back there. I'll stick to City Cafe limited hours and get another chicken ceasar wrap for $5.50 - still a bit pricey but it's basically what I had at Taylor Place wrapped up.  I like the lobby and the success center is a score. The professors are nice and open to concerns (for the most part) and are willing to work with you.~salad chicken 
I was invited to sit in on a nursing board meeting at the Nursing Innovations Center at ASU. I was highly impressed by the spaciousness of this campus and their modern up-to-date equipment. It is extremely clean and the property is nice and safe.  Our meeting took place in one of their large board rooms that had several large screen projectors. Parking at the meters are free on the weekend, that was nice and kept me at ease with parking. But I also found out after I parked that the Nursing Innovation building parking area is also free on the weekends, however it doesn't disclose that anywhere, security informed of the free parking. I wish this place wasn't so far from me is the drawback. I was honored to be part of this meeting as their guest.~date 
I'm applying to Grad School and I am so excited that most of my classes will meet here. It's right off the light rail and just a few blocks from downtown for those of us urbanites. It really doesn't get more convenient than this.  There are ample coffee and alcohol vendors closeby by for blowing off steam or cramming. Food options, not so much but Bowl of Greens is a good healthy alternative.~coffee greens 
My father works as faculty for ASU, my mother graduated from W.P. Carey and I left U of A to come here. This school is near flawless (for me) and the downtown Phoenix campus is the icing on the cake. I consider this place to be my second home and have loved every second of my time here. Further, our journalism program is unbeatable. I have no complaints!~cake. 
This place really is a hidden gem!  Nice quiet inn exterior right on the banks of the forth.  Inside is warm, welcoming and lets not forget the excellent food!  Being a steak fiend it would have been rude not to try the steak here.  This is simply the best sirloin steak I have ever tasted!  I am also happy to say when I asked for a rare steak it really did arrive as a rare steak!  I enjoyed every mouthful and will be back for more!  The range of desserts was impressive, unfortunately not all were available due to high demand but maple syrup waffles went down beautifully!  You simply MUST stop in here for a meal, be sure to book though!  The staff are polite and attentive, the atmosphere is fantastic and going for a walk along the coast when you are finished is the perfect end to a perfect meal!~steak steak steak steak steak! 
If I were a selfish man, I would've hoped this place was not listed on Yelp.   Reason being, it's already very popular due to its fabulous consistency of food & service.   They present a truly excellent 3 course steak dinner in cosy Fife coastal pub surroundings.   I make a point of stopping by whenever I visit relatives in Scotland.~steak 
If you're a little office bee like me working downtown, you're probably also on the lookout for little food court gems that stand out against your generic Thai Expresses, Franx Supremes and Sushi Shops.   Caravelle is a little Vietnamese joint in Place Ville Marie. I know. "Caravelle" doesn't sound Vietnamese, but it is. They serve pho, vietnamese sandwiches (that I hesistate to refer to as banh mi because they're not really authentic, but still tasty) and grilled meats served on rice or vermicelli noodles.  Look, it's not Pho Lien, but for a food court, this place is pretty damn good. You can even find some of the more adventurous pho fixings here like tripe and brisket and the soup isn't just "passable". It's probably the best pho option in the Golden Square Mile, and very cheap to boot!  This place is very popular at lunch time, so mentally prepare yourself for a long wait in line. The only reason I don't come here more often is that I work right upstairs and prefer to spend my lunch hour avoiding running into my coworkers like the antisocial hermit that I am!  And no, you shouldn't throw your bowl into the garbage, you asshole. It's a real bowl that's not meant to be disposed of. Give it back to the ladies at Caravelle, they'll appreciate it.  Bonus: Caravelle now accepts debit and credit cards!~thai sushi 
If you're around Ville Marie specially on a cold day, you should give their soups a try. There is a reason why there is always a big line. For the price the portion they serve are very good and the service is very quick. They also have viet sandwich and rolls.   Note:  I have been going to this place for years and the special of the day NEVER changed.~sandwich 
Came here for an afternoon treat. I really enjoy the staff and the flavors they have are delicious. I know I only gave this three stars and I'd be lying if I said I didn't look forward to this afternoon treat but it's a pretty standard frozen yogurt place and I can easily get a similar place anywhere else.~frozen yogurt 
Across the street from my office is a bad place for this yummy, delicious place to be. Have mercy on my waistline! Anyway, it's delicious -- every day some new frozen yogurt flavors and always the veritable plethora of toppings.   What I love about them is that they layer the frozen yogurt with whatever topping(s) you choose, so that it's all mixed together. I usually walk in with a taste for something, especially chocolate and peanut butter or vanilla and chocolate, and the owners always know just how to help me out. They always give free samples, so try whatever you want before committing to it!   Yum!~frozen yogurt frozen yogurt butter 
I found this place on my second to last day in Phoenix and I wish I'd come sooner.  I thought it was really affordable and they had some awesome flavors.  I ended up getting caramel while my coworker got banana with strawberries mixed in.  The guy working was really friendly and actually thanked us for stopping by...I can't remember the last time I got such friendly service.  Definitely recommend if you're downtown.~caramel banana 
I think Yvette has the right idea for an afternoon treat. The one problem is, I couldn't wait until Friday, I had to go today. It is the perfect afternoon distraction . . . er . . . um . . . I mean treat . . . perfect afternoon TREAT!   There was a time that I was completely hooked on afternoon frozen yogurt and going almost daily. The winter weather helped break me of that addiction and now I'm back on what others would consider a "normal" schedule.   I love that the flavors change every day and you can print a calendar from their website showing the schedule of flavors. There are about eight different flavors in any given day, and one of them is a "No Sugar Added" flavor.   The OCD side of me really shines when a new month starts. I print the calendar, take out my highlighter, highlight all of my favorite flavors and those of my fro-yo addicted coworkers, and hang the calendar outside my cube wall. That way it is much easier for us to tell when we need to work time into our schedule to hit the yogurt shop.   The flavors that are typically highlighted are:  - Chocolate Covered Banana & Marshmallow (served on the same day, really good as a swirl)  - Pistachio (really good with almonds as a topping, I tried getting pistachios as a topping and it was a little much)  - Butterscotch (reminds me of pudding cups back in the day)  - German Chocolate & Caramel Custard (also served on the same day and very good as a swirl)  - Irish Cream & Kahlua (not served on the same day, but the closest thing to drinking at work)  - S'mores (delicious with a graham cracker topping)  - And every once in a while I like the Reese's with (you know it) Reese's as a topping!!   See, with so many delicious flavors, it was hard NOT to go everyday. They have plenty of other flavors as well. The only one that I tried that I was not a fan of was the Root Beer Float. The flavor was there, but it wasn't the same without the soda!   Either way, stop by in the afternoon for a sweet treat, and maybe I'll see you there!~frozen yogurt banana & caramel 
Now after my first visit and review I've been back a  few more times. On my most recent I was having a sugar splurge kind of day. I decided on a Medium and opted for the Monday special of one free topping.  Having sampled the low fat carrot cake flavor and its spice cake like flavor, I figured its would go well with chocolate and I topped it all with almond rocca. Oh boy, they filled the cup with both flavors halfway sprinkled  a few spoonfuls of almond rocca then proceeded to fill the cup with more yogurt and another couple spoons of rocca.  Needless to say this made my Monday soooo much better.~carrot cake cake almond almond 
I've worked downtown for two years and had never stopped in to the froyo shop.    This is unfortunant since the owners are so lovely and their product is decent.  I can't say I like it better than Yogurtland in Tempe (see my review) but it is a good alternative in a pinch.  Like David B. says, they serve Miss Karen's frozen yogurt, so it is not tart like the newer PinkBerry or its clones throughout the US.  Also, you won't be able to have unlimited toppings or serve yourself the yogurt. Not as much fun.  But again, if you are looking for a non-fat alternative to ice cream, this is a great place to stop in.   I had their sugar-free standard flavor (raspeberry) it was tasty. I do like to go there in the afternoon during my workday.~frozen yogurt, ice cream, 
Ever since I started working downtown, I vowed to continue my personal tradition of rewarding myself with something yummy and sinful...kinda like a pat on the back for a job well done for the week. In my previous life as a PR bitch in the private sector, I rewarded myself with libations--vodka/tonics with two limes for extra Vitamin C; vodka Collins with three maraschino cherries instead of one; cranberry and vodka because I heard it cleanses out your urinary tract; a dirty martini for those super grueling weeks.  Alas, when I started to work in the public sector, still in PR, I knew I couldn't pull that shit anymore. I had to re-vamp my rewards structure and take out the "sinful" from "yummy and sinful." That's when I discovered fro-yo...that's frozen yogurt to you all.  My co-worker took me out for coffee one day and quickly mentioned that there is a locally owned frozen yogurt shop on Washington and First Streets. She said they give hefty portions, so I thought to myself that this might just be a good replacement for my vodka concoctions.  The place is called A Touch of Yogurt, and their fro-yo is yummy to the tummy. They are pretty generous with their servings, and the toppings you choose to include in your fro-yo. And then when I did some diggin' about fro-yos, I found out fro-yo can: 1. Help to overcome lactose intolerance; 2. aid digestion of milk protein: 3. help prevent and combat digestive tract infections. Okay...fro-yo had me at "overcome lactose intolerance..." that's all I'm going to say about that! They change their menu of flavors...you know, to mix it up a little...keeps you guessing. But no matter what flavors they have available, I am sure that you will find one so satisfying.   So Fridays, I've officially declared Yvette's Fro-Yo Fridays. I order my "small," sit on one of the outdoor tables, and stare at politicians, lawyers, bums, construction workers, delivery people, while enjoying a mouth-watering serving of fro-yo.   Hey feel free to join me every Friday for FRO-YO Fridays around 12:30-ish. Oh but not this Friday I'm in San Francisco. So just for this week...FRO-YO THURSDAY!  Anyway...I give it 4 stars...because, let's face it...it might be yummy, but it still ain't ice cream!~cranberry frozen yogurt coffee frozen yogurt milk ice cream! 
This is such a great downtown business!  The owners make you feel welcome and remember your name and your preferences.  They even get peanut butter yogurt samples ready when they see our dog walking up - now that is great service!~butter 
This cute little shop in the heart of downtown Phoenix is the place to go for amazing frozen yogurt! I've been a customer for years and always have had great service and even better yogurt. Would highly recommend.~frozen yogurt! 
Pretty good yogurt.  Its downtown so its a little big pricey but overall I would say its a good place to get dessert or a treat during your busy day.  They update a new flavor pretty regularly.  Today I had the carrot cake.  What I like about them is they put the toppings in the middle and on top.  So you don't get gipped! Like some other places.  They also have smoothes and yogurt to go.   The place is very clean, the people are nice and dessert is good.  Stop in for a treat!~carrot cake. 
Best frozen yogurt in town!  Owners are always super nice.   They have a kids size that is the perfect amount.~frozen yogurt 
Such a Sweet Little spot - the two folks who helped us were wonderful to offer several flavors and make suggestions. Which is great because I'm indecisive. They put toppings on for you- and they put them in the middle, which I like. And although they have huge cups, you don't have to have only that, which is nice. Had a delicious Hawaiian delight flavor- had strawberries, banana, pineapple, and coconut- mmmm!~banana, pineapple, 
Hard work is hard to do !  One of my friends has been a regular at Title Boxing Club for 6 months and finally talked my wife into going. I thought it was ridiculous that my wife would be boxing a heavy bag but whatever. She ended up going for about 3 weeks and already lost a couple pounds and was putting up quite a bit! So she dragged me into their club and I admit that I begrudgingly went.   My workouts at the YMCA were just fine i thought.  Crap was I wrong.   I was lucky enough to meet the owner, Casey, on site.  Man is he a motivated fellow.   You have to buy wraps (they are needed, trust me) for $8.  I ended up owning about 5 pair now!  I used the borrow gloves; and have my own pair now. (On the second pair as we speak).  The first workout nearly killed me in the just the warmup.  I was literally dripping sweat.  I had no idea how to box but the instructor took the time to show me the jabs, crosses, hooks...took me a while to get up to speed.  You were allowed to modify as needed.  I broke my ankle years ago and built up scar tissue and pain prohibited me from doing much of anything.  I've since broken through all that scar tissue and can sprawl, mountain climb, and jump rope like a champ.  The owner, Casey, personally motivates his members and seems to know all of them by name.   I've gone many times, and visited clubs in different cities, and I go as often as I can...5-6 times per week.  I have my favorite instructors and enjoy the interaction and time with them.  My wife was lost dress sizes and pounds and we've brought many friends with us to this club.  Personally I've lost pants size, pounds, and gained shoulders and chest muscles and abs; finally.  It's a great time, great workout and well worth my time.  This club is ALWAYS clean, smells nice, lots of stock, and a low turnover of trainers.  This place has become a second home to me while the YMCA has remained a distant memory.  Give it a try, first shot is free.  This is premium club; not a gym.  1000 calories does not leave you easily, but they manage to get it out of you.   It's not cheap but considering the alternative, it's the same cost as going out to dinner twice a month, except you end up a healthier person in the end.~wraps ( 
Really and truly, I want to like this place. If for no other reason than the fact that it's 100 feet away from my front door, I'd really prefer to enjoy the food at Kayla's. And yet, the strict journalistic integrity demanded by Yelp requires that I must be honest with myself and with you, dear reader. Kayla's is not worth the 100 foot journey.   I've given them several chances, and not once have I been anywhere approaching impressed. Thrice I've gone for breakfast and their home fries are consistently dry and tasteless. Even worse, the potato pancakes are, I suspect, mashed potatoes mixed with actual pancake batter. There is not enough ketchup in the world.   I went once for lunch as I could not in good conscience condemn them having only been there for breakfast. I ordered a tuna sandwich. They were out of tuna. I ordered something else. They were out of that. The next attempt? Out of that too. Now in Kayla's defense, the server explained to me that they had just donated a bunch of food to workers at a local non-profit. Alright, I can get behind that, no hard feelings. But the lunch I did end up with was lackluster.  If you go for lunch, don't expect anything better than you'd get at any standard diner. But a diner that's bad at breakfast? That cannot possibly merit more than 2 stars.~fries potato pancakes 
This place is not called Kayla's anymore, it's called Milvale Diner for some reason. When we got there it was only one guy at work (the owner I assume), he took the order and made the food, he seemed pretty stressed out. But he was nice and considering we were a party of 7, he worked hard, kudos for the effort. The food was tasty, some of it looked a little microwaved and it was prepared suspiciously quickly, but it was pretty good. The homemade chips were awesome.~chips 
Everything about Kayla's rules, from the friendly service to the food. I loved my tender, sweet, juicy Citrus Glazed Chicken, the Artichoke Dip app, and the chocolate cake. Our server recommened to me the chicken since I didn't know what I wanted and I am grateful to her for that since it was delish.   I think we'll be eating at Kayla's instead of at Mr. Smalls when we see concerts there.  Darren was beside himself and was sooo shy due to the band Behemoth eating next to us.~chicken, artichoke chocolate cake 
It was my first time at DaeBak last night and my overall impression of the evening was a solid great!! I am a fan and would definitely return! As far as Korean food goes, they had all the standard offerings of pork bone soup, kalbi, etc. and the much-anticipated and loved accompaniment of side dishes! the side dishes were good but of standard fair! the dishes that we tried (beef stir fry placed in lettuce wraps, deep fried sweet and spicy chicken, and chicken ribs and cabbage) were - for the most part - delicious and of heafy proportions!   i quite enjoyed what we ordered - the chicken ribs (which translated means dark meat) and cabbage! a melange of cabbage, half cooked chicken morsels, sweet potato and onions (?) are served in a big flat pan over a portable gas burner - so it required a little bit of eater participation! they get the process going by turning on the burner and giving it a little stir, then they intermittently come back to stir it around and scrap the bottom of the pan where the sauce and meat/veg caramelize. what you're left with is a hot bowl of goodness that hits all the notes of sweet, spicy and savoury. we actually figured out what to order by covertly staring at (and eventually asking) the family beside us what they were eating. the aroma, the hot sizzling sounds and the overall appearance of what was going on at their table led us to overcome our chinese politeness to ask.   the other dish that resonated with me was the deep fried sweet and spicy chicken. our dining mates had it and at our next visit, *i* too will have it! it was delicious! maybe because i haven't had korean chicken in a while or possibly because it was simultaneously crispy + saucy, spicy + sweet (a favored flavour combo of mine), and light + toothsome. i don't know how this dish could possess so many opposing qualities but it did. i think it was battered in rice flour? or just something other than your regular cornstarch because it was a little "stickier" in texture - which i liked - so after your initial crunch down into the crispy exterior, your teeth meet a little resistance from the sticky-ish batter that hugs the meat and then through the tender chicken. i'm biased to sweet + spicy, so the sauce got me at first bite. i have to say, my "can i try a piece?" turned into more like 5+ pieces ... and to my shame, not of the small and dainty variety. oh and value wise, this dish was huge ... enough for dinner + lunch the next day (for 2 people).  both dishes came with the colourful purple rice - BIG PLUS in my books!   the only mediocre dish was the beef stir fry - and not worth really writing about.   overall: 4* and a big kudos to the owner for being very helpful in explaining aspects of the menu to us~pork beef lettuce wraps 
This is a review for lunch: 3.5 Stars = a little better than A-OK  I like the food here, even though it's not perfect. On this visit, we ordered the stir fried calamari, the bibimbap, and the spanish mackerel lunch specials. The flavour was great on all the dishes, although the fish was a bit dry. The bibimbap was served in a hot stone crock, and the rice crust was perfect, not like some other places where the stone is not hot enough to make the crust. Served with our dishes were some Korean side dishes and pickles, which were pretty good and seemed fresh.   Service was a little on the slow side. There seemed to be only one woman working the whole place. At least there was a TV with some Korean pop stars concert while we waited.~pickles, 
Dae Bak Korean Restaurant was on my Plan Z for tonight. Our Plan A restaurant closes on Wednesday, and we randomly picked Dae Bak.  Wednesday night and this place was packed. These people know something we don't know??   Special menu selections seems interesting... but it was disappointing that nothing was available at all...My Yelp Friend ended up reluctantly picked some items from non Special menu = normal menu.  Haemul Pajeon(Seafood Pancake $12.99) - a huge pancake... I was kind of full just looking at that - not much of a taste, luckily the chili pepper dipping sauce helped to give it some kick   Galbi Jjim(Braised Beef Short Ribs $11.99) - The ribs was quite tender...but this is the first time I ever taste this dish so I have nothing to compare with  My eyes kind of lit up when our waitress start bringing us  Soju and Beers... maybe my Yelp Friend order those while I was daydreaming... No such luck!~beef 
This is our first time coming here. There wasn't a lot of people here. We ordered the seafood hot pot and sweet and sour chicken. Overall the food was pretty average. The hotpot had some stuff in it. The chicken was pretty bland. I guess it's ok. Not bad but nothing special.~chicken. chicken 
The ambiance was very dinghy and depressing when we came in - it was all greyish and brown and the lighting was dim. Utensils weren't exactly clean. Service wasn't that great, the chicken that we ordered was heavily breaded (too much panko and very little chicken) and the jajangmyun that we ordered was way too salty. Will not be coming back again.~brown chicken chicken) 
My friend and I shared the dolsot bibimbap and the tofu stew. I like how they serve purple rice, as opposed to regular white rice. The dolsot bibimbap was my favourite of the two. The beef had the right amount of sweetness, when mixed with the vegetables and rice. I would definitely visit again to try out their other dishes :)  The service was ok, we didn't get a kettle of tea until the very end, when we were pretty much done with our meal.~tofu white beef tea 
What a treat! I stopped by on Saturday afternoon and couldn't believe that I have driven by this place so many times and never stopped in. I didn't catch the name of the gal at the counter, but she was so sweet and very knowledgeable. She was more than happy to let us sample the karmel korn and talked about the ice cream. We were beyond happy to purchase several bags of corn including the "Phoenix Heat." It was very hot outside, so we had to have a scoop of ice cream. I highly recommend coming here. We will definitely come back! It is so nice to have a great local business to support!~ice cream. corn ice cream. 
I drive by this place for work and finally stopped. It is clean and festive, the caramel corn is one of the best I have had, several flavors and inexpensive! Try this place in Downtown Avondale~caramel corn 
We have enjoyed several visits and tried at least 5 different varieties of caramel corn.  Di  the owner encourages guests to sample flavors and find your own preference of options.  My dad enjoyed hand scooped ice cream cone.  Great local business, nothing compares to their self-styled tasty treats.~caramel corn. ice cream 
Great popcorn and always such great customer service. Thank you 2di4 for adding ice cream. Great spot for the summer months or a sweet tooth fix.~popcorn ice cream. 
The pizza is pretty good, but the service is a joke, and the smell of cigarettes is overwhelming.  I will get pizza again from here, but it will certainly be to go.~pizza pizza 
The chicken gyro is very fresh and the fries are soooo good!  Try the fresh salad too~chicken gyro fries salad 
Ordered delivery through grub hub. Can't believe there aren't any reviews. Everything was delicious and fresh. Ordered rotisserie chicken...a half chicken with seasoned waffle cut fries and Greek salad. The salad was amazing and loved the garlic sauce that came with the chicken. Highly recommend.~chicken... chicken fries salad. salad garlic chicken. 
To be fair, I'm rating the cold food they delivered to me on a moped. For sofa pizza, it wasn't horrible, but I will say I was starving and tried catching wild rabbit prior to the food getting to my house. I probably would have considered dumpster diving.   The jalapeño poppers were probably the best part of the meal.  I'll just leave it at that.   I will say that when I called wondering where my food was, the guy said he upgraded my 12" pizza to a 16" pizza at no extra charge. It really was 4 additional inches of disappointment.~pizza pizza pizza 
I found this place to be completely overrated.   The only other place more overrated than this was the totally LA wannabe joke that is Blowfish.  Of the sushi we had, the foie gras sushi was an absolute standout, but the rest was mediocre and really uninspiring.  The kushi katsu sampler was good, but aside that, I don't think I would challenge the parking situation or the traffic to go here.   The tastes have to drive you there.~sushi sushi 
The service is very friendly, and the atmosphere is much nicer than Sushi Bento nearby. The portions are average size, and all the specials come with rice, soup, fruit, and salad, as well as complementary tea. The soup is full of tofu, onions and mushrooms, not just a watery broth. Tasty and well priced. I come here often on lunch.~sushi salad, tea. tofu, mushrooms, 
This is one of my favourite places in Toronto to eat sushi. Why you may ask? Simple. 1. The staff is friendly and are Japanese.  This is not your typical cheap Chinese or Korean owned Japanese restaurant where you get sketchy sushi. The service is fast, but if you wait more than a couple of minutes for your order to come they apoplogise and offer you tea (hot tea for winter and cold tea in the summer). The staff here understand how to make the diner feel welcome and number one.  2. The fish is fresh.  There is no second guessing when it comes to their food. One of my favourites is the spicy tuna roll which is actually spicy.  We usually order a 20 piece boat which is delicious.  3. The price is reasonable considering that you are paying for quality and an authentic experience.  What more could you ask for?~sushi. sushi. tea ( tea tea tuna roll 
One of the smallest sushi restaurants I have ever been to, with the simplest experiences on record.  I was waiting for my friend to show up at Cobra Nightclub; already three things I don't like.  King Street West, Nightclubs (especially Cobra), and waiting. I thought I'd pop in for a quick and inexpensive bite so that I would have energy for the debauchery which proceeded me this evening.  The restaurant is narrow, and it has five or six tables.  On the walls hung original painting which were also for sale.  Super quiet, it was only myself, and another table occupying the space.  There was light dinner jazz in the background which I would therapeutic.   Real Japanese people here btw.  I ordered a few dishes, and then my eye landed on the one thing I couldn't possibly refuse.  Foie gras sushi!  What on Earth?!  I MUST TRY IT!  I absolutely hate it when I am sat next to a couple who are in the interviewing phase of their date.  Talking about their goals in life, what they expect from a relationship in all aspects.  I tried to drown out the next table's conversation, but the jazz was too soft in this completely quiet restaurant. I wanted to kill myself...I'm pretty sure I made a facebook status update about how much the next table made me want to kill myself.  The food came at a reasonable paste, and finally when the foie gras arrived..I stared at it drooling.  The piece of foie gras was definitely generous considering the size of the rice roll.  I picked it up with my chop stick, and slowly watched it enter my mouth.  As soon as it touched my tongue, the flavours exploded into a million colourful balloons of butterfly happiness.  And for the duration of my chewing, I completely forgot that a single piece of this sushi cost me $7.00.   The other sushi were good, fresh, but hard to recall because umm....foie gras!  A light snack, the bill came out to be $60.  WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED???!!~sushi sushi! date. sushi sushi 
My review is based on take out food only..  ordered variety of sushi, seaweed salad and miso soup great sushi, real deal, no shortcut stuff... perfectly cooked rice(rice not suppose to be too soft like most places do)  perfectly seasoned seaweed salad and real deal miso soup i think i have a fav sushi take out place~sushi, salad miso sushi, salad miso sushi 
I had these fantastic rolls recently at an event, and I have to say I was mighty impressed! Take out sushi is often a risky little game, but not with Toshi Sushi, all of their roles held up beautifully! Granted, they were all veggie, but still: rice remained sticky, rolls remained firm and seaweed kept that nice little crunch.   Beyond the above experience, I recently popped in for a little lunch. Freshest ebi and spicy tuna I'd had in a while, and if you're in the area and you have a hankering for some fresh Japanese, this place won't disappoint.   Ugh. Now I want sushi something desperate and it's almost midnight. Shucks.~sushi sushi, tuna sushi 
I think this is the best Sushi place I've eaten at.  I think they use a higher grade of ingredient for everything.  Service is really friendly.~sushi 
I ordered takeout here so it's not really a complete review. I was there on what should be a busy dinner hour, but the restaurant was empty which is not really a good sign.  I ordered the Unagi Donburi (BBQ eel on a rice bowl). The food came reasonably fast. The eel was rather dry and didn't have enough of that delicious teriyaki eel sauce to mix with your rice (it barely covered all of the eel). What made it worse is the dusting of lemongrass powder which at first made for a nice and unexpectant flavour, but was too overpowering and overbearing. The dish wasn't bad, but it wasn't good especially at this price.  For Japanese take out I would consider going to Bento Sushi just two doors away, which is more reasonably price and more suited for take out.  While waiting for my take out, I noticed that the atmosphere is very nice. Not trendy or pretensious, just a simple and comfy traditional Japanese restaurant, well sheltered from the traffic of King Street. So I could imagine having a nice dinner there. Next time I will dine here for sushi.~lemongrass sushi sushi. 
Hands down, this is the best, most authentic sushi place in town. The sashimi is actually very fresh compared to other places I've been to downtown. The atmosphere is nice. It's lovely and quiet. It's one of those places you wouldn't really know of unless you just walk by it.  We ordered a sashimi set and some tempura. Though the prices are on the slightly steeper side in comparison to other sushi place, the freshness is definitely worth it. Service was great. Did not have to wait too long for anything.  It is definitely the kind of place you go to to enjoy and indulge on tasty food and not just to stuff your face with sushi~sushi sushi sushi 
Absolutely love this place (especially their chirashi!)  I can't say whether it's the best sushi in the world.  But I can definitely say it's the best sushi in the neighbourhood.  And the staff is really nice.  Japanese restaurant nice.  (it's a certain kind of nice, you know what i mean)  The price is decent.  It's not cheap, but who really looks for bargain-basement priced raw fish?~sushi sushi 
Delicious fresh sushi. Some of the best I've had in Toronto. I'd like to take a second to point out that many people who review 'sushi.' Do not actually eat 'sushi' but just like the rolls with the crunchy tempura in them. I had a friend who went on  and on about how she loved 'sushi' and when we actually went for sushi she was all 'ew! I don't eat the raw fish stuff!'  I love raw fish. I love sushi and sashimi and anything to do with raw fish. So I know nice  sushi.   The food here is of excellent quality. They will even do a tasting menu if you call ahead and request it.  It's not the cheapest, but if you truly like sushi then you don't want cheap sushi.~sushi. sushi. sushi' sushi' sushi sushi sushi. sushi sushi. 
Don't be fooled by the exterior of this restaurant, it's truly a hidden gem. Like one of the reviewers said, the people that own this place are actually Japanese. It's a quaint mom and pop shop so don't expect anything flashy. I've been here a few times and keep returning because of the superb quality of fish and other dishes. I'm addicted to their smoked tuna sashimi! My boyfriend loves their beef teriyaki. A bonus is that the servers are are super polite and service is quick.~tuna beef 
I'd been before years ago. I was in the neighbourhood and thought I'd give Toshi another try. I got the chirashi and found it featured a seemingly generous portion of sashimi and a wide variety, too. But upon further examination, I found that the cuts were somewhat skimpy and the selection was heavy on cheaper items such as tamago and crab stick, and light on things like tuna (and salmon, which I know isn't expensive, but who doesn't love salmon?). Fish wasn't particularly fresh, either. I expect better for $30 and can get better at places like Japango, Sushi Couture and Wow Sushi, Japango being my favourite of these three.  What really bothered me was bits of chopped up pickled ginger nestled between the sushi rice and the sashimi. Likely not a problem for most, but it was for me. I hate pickled ginger and it made for painstakingly slow and not so enjoyable eating.~tuna ( salmon, salmon? sushi sushi, ginger sushi ginger 
Have been a regular here for quite a while. As far as Toronto goes, this restaurant's sushi is as close as you'll get to sushi in Japan. It is a little bit pricier but very well worth it if you actually know sushi.  So what's the difference between your typical all-you-can-eat Chinese sushi joint and this place? Everything. The chef, the staff, the rice, the cuts, and the soy sauce.  The rice is cooked properly. They use the right kind of rice. They season it with rice wine vinegar, sugar and salt. That right there is a considerable difference from the all-you-can-eat 'sushi restaurants' where they can't even get the rice right.  All I can say is that the sushi here is well balanced and authentic. That alone has kept me coming back,~sushi sushi sushi. sushi soy sauce. sushi sushi 
I went there for lunch last week. Average sushi at an above average price reduced it from 3 stars to 2. The lunch portion of sashimi wasn't as much as I thought it would be for the price. Fish was fresh enough, but it's sashimi so it should be fresh.~sushi 
Surprised at mixed reviews.  Eat sushi regularly, and this is best I've had in Toronto.  It's more expensive, but the quality is there.  Pretty unassuming/typical Japanese decor.~sushi 
I seriously think they gave me a day old bento box! The Sushi certainly wasn't fresh, the rice was stale, the tempura was soggy like it was reheated, the fruit slightly off, the portion for 16 bucks was way too small. I won't repeat.~sushi 
Having been to Tokyo and tasted the fresh sushi and sashimi there, I can tell you it's impossible to get that same taste here in Toronto - Vancouver, possibly, but not here in Toronto.  Here's what I can tell you: 1) This is the closest thing to Japanese sushi you'll get in Toronto at a relatively reasonable price.  REASONABLE PRICE - that's the catch phrase here. 2) Some who do not know quality Sushi may complain it's too expensive, but that's because they are comparing this place to Chinese run joints like Sushi on Queen, Sushi Time, etc.  This place has a Japanese sushi chef so to view this place with proper perspective, compare it to other joints that have Japanese sushi chefs.  Consider the costs at Hiro, Ematei and Nami.  All of a sudden the price isn't that unreasonable. 3) When I give this place a 5 star rating, I do so considering the PRICE.   4) Do not ever order anything from the kitchen without consulting various review sites.  The kitchen chef is not talented in any way.  You come here for sushi and/or sashimi.  That's it.    What I usually get is the 20 piece sushi party plate @ $28.  When Susur was working at his restaurant, long ago, he was often seen eating here.  The place is authentic.  If you're sick and tired of Chinese or Korean run sushi restaurants that think they can make decent Sushi just because the guy behind the bar happens to be Asian and has a big knife, check this place out and do a taste test.  A Japanese sushi chef, trained in Japan, makes all the difference.~sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi 
I'm a totally Wonderbread sushi eater so perhaps I'm judging this place on the wrong parameters, but overall I wasn't impressed with my meal. Service was fast and friendly. Decor was nice. I ate:  MISO SOUP: Delicious, but I've never had a bad miso soup. The needle mushrooms were a nice touch.   CUCUMBER AVACADO ROLL: Fine; it's hard to screw up this dish!  VEGETABLE TEMPURA: Bad. I mean, still totally edible and satisfying--it is deep fried after all--but it was worse than any other vegetable tempura I've had. The different tastes of the vegetables couldn't be detected; it was totally bland. Additionally, the mushrooms and eggplant were dry, tough and chewy.~sushi miso miso mushrooms cucumber mushrooms 
The sushi was so good but why did I get food poisoning?!? Been vomiting for 5 hours now. It might have been the yakitori because I don't think the avocado roll made me sick.   Wish my review of this place was better, the staff was so nice.~sushi avocado 
Unfortunately standards have really slipped at Toshi and I fear the King West spicy salmon roll crowd has won out. It's a real shame. Mori san has the skill to be a top sushi chef and the location is excellent. They're in need of a reinvigoration of energy.~salmon sushi 
I've only ever done vegetarian takeout, so this is definitely not the most relevant review for those hardcore sushi fans, but for those vegetarians out there who love sushi, this is an amazing spot. The owners are extremely friendly and take pride in every roll. Normally, vegetarian rolls can be a bit bland, but these are packed full with flavour. Can't wait to go to the restaurant and try more of the menu!~sushi sushi, 
Good thai food, would definitely recommend the 2 course lunch menu, great value for money.~thai 
Delicious foods and great value for money.  Nice ambience, relaxed and friendly.  Attentive, polite and efficient service with Thai smile!  I've eaten here for 3 years and return repeatively! Love it!    If you like authentic Thai cuisine, I highly recommend this restaurant.~thai thai 
It's easy to walk by Celadon Thai, I did it twice, but I'm happy that I finally found it. The food is truly remarkable; my parents came to visit me a few weeks ago and I'm still getting daily calls from my mother asking if I remember the Thai food. The restaurant decor is simple and elegant, its really beautiful on the inside. Overall a truly great restaurant in the Newington area.~thai, thai 
Celadon Thai is an excellent restaurant in Newington which offers a pleasant, stylish environment and amazing food.  Apparantly this place is famed for its sweets, including sorbets and banana fitters, but it was their savoury dishes which I was seriously impressed with.  I went for the chef's recommended green beef curry for my main and the sticky ribs for a starter.  The ribs were grilled to perfection and soaked in honey which made them really nice and sweet.  The beef in the curry was tender and had virtually no fat, whilst the sauce was creamy, spicy and full of flavour.   The food seemed to take no time to be prepared and the staff were proper friendly.  I'd come here again any day and, although it's pretty pricey, it's well worth the money.~thai banana beef honey beef 
Celadon is one of the best Thai restaurants around in Edinburgh. If you ignore the drab exterior and interior, the food is excellent. I first came here with my parent after it being recommended to me by a friend, assuring me it was the best Thai restaurant in Edinburgh by miles, and whilst not quite that good (that honour goes to Thai Orchid), it is definitely up there. The staff are quiet but pretty friendly, and are efficient without being overbearing.   The food is great, if a bit expensive. They do set menus for those watching their wallets but I always find the dishes available quite restrictive, so we went for the a la carte. The mixed starter is like most Thai places, with the standard spare ribs, spring rolls, fishcakes etc but they were all cooked exceptionally. For a main course I had Tiger prawns with asparagus, garlic and soy sauce, which was beautifully flavoured. The other dishes were all good but their seafood is definitely the speciality. The only problem is that it is expensive, the seafood dishes averaging about £13, not including rice. If your budget stretches to this (probably not if you are a student) then it is a great place to go to, but if not then there are similar places to go to for better value.~thai thai thai thai asparagus, garlic soy sauce, 
Really enjoyed the chicken pad thai I got here, and the server was so nice and polite as well. Only criticism is that the portion size was a bit small. But the dish was delicious and flavorful. I'd definitely come back again!~chicken thai 
I have to admit to being steadfastly unambitious with my menu choices for Celadon - but that's only because their Thai green curry is so good, I can never bring myself to forgo it for something else. However friends that have been more adventurous with their choices also say that the food here is great. The lovely wooden tables and candlelight create a warm atmosphere, and the staff are always friendly and helpful. The prices are mid- to above-average for Thai restaurants in Edinburgh, but they also do a pre-theatre menu that gets you a starter and a main for £13, which is quite a good deal if you're watching the purse strings.~thai thai 
Authentic tasty Thai food!  I've only have takeaway from Caledon, but I was very impressed with the quality and authenticity of the food.  My Tom Kha was delicious, spicy, and bursting with coconut milk goodness.  The chicken was tender, not overcooked which is rare in this soup.  The red curry I had for main was perfectly balanced, sweet, sour, and oh so spicy.  This is Thai done right.  I'll definitely be back!~thai coconut milk chicken thai 
Seeing so many Thai restaurants with a mixture of extremely positive and negative reviews, I was a little anxious about booking anywhere. I am a student with a limited budget, so eating out is an occasion (here a reward for having finished all my assignments), and the Thai restaurant I chose had to be a very good one.  I looked at about 5 other places in town. Some were too expensive, some didn't offer enough in the way of veggie food, others were just too far away. I was considering a takeaway, when I suddenly noticed for the first time ever the Celadon which is just across the road from me. I can literally just cross the road and I'm on the doorstep. The next task was to check it was okay online. Yelp and other sites all pointed in the same direction: "top notch" and "entirely faultless" service, delicious authentic food and good value. Being so close, I had to check it out.  The menu is deceptive. It doesn't look very vegetarian, but it turns out they are willing to vegetarianize just about everything on the menu, are conscious about dietary problems and don't use shrimp paste! Yay!  I booked for 7.30 today. Before 8pm from Monday-Thursday there is a pre-theatre menu, where you get a starter and a main for £12.99. Upon entering we noticed  that the place was pretty empty, there was just one other couple eating. We put this down to the out of the way location, but after half an hour it suddenly filled up! The interior is minimalist and tastefully decorated, nothing too intrusive. The waitress was extremely attentive and friendly.   My boyfriend ordered from the pre-theatre menu: spring rolls with sweet chilli sauce, pad thai with tofu. I ordered a green curry with tofu and thai sticky rice. My boyfriend Robbie thought his starter was a bit small, but very much enjoyed it and his main made up for the small starter size. His pad thai came with the peanuts and various spices on the side (to sprinkle over the noodles), and a small salad. He said it was delicious, but after tasting some of mine he looked jealously at my dish every so often. Mine was super spicy, with plenty of red chillies in the sauce, fragrant herbs and spices, big chunks of fried tofu and plenty of fresh crunchy vegetables. My rice came in a bamboo bag which was used to steam it. The portion size was massive, but it was so good that I ate more or less everything.   Thai puddings are amongst my favourites. Robbie opted for the banana fritter with coconut ice cream, whilst I went for the banana cooked in sweet coconut milk. Strangely enough, this is a quite nostalgic dish for me as I used to eat it a lot when I went out for dinner with my grandparents. It is relatively healthy in comparison to other dessert options, and really rather delicious. The presentation of both pudding was really beautiful, and Robbie wolfed his pudding down despite having declared he was stuffed a few seconds before. He added that it was the best part of the meal...   For £30 for two without drinks, it wasn't that expensive. I am not sure why Thai is always pricier than other places, but Celadon is cheaper than most but definitely superior to most. Fresh ingredients are well cooked, service is, as Emily H stated, "flawless". I would definitely come back here to sample some of the other dishes on offer.~thai thai shrimp thai tofu. tofu thai thai salad. tofu thai banana coconut ice cream, banana coconut milk. thai 
Wow.  We came here as a fluke, simply because it was the only restaurant in the area that had a table on Friday at 7:00.  And what a happy fluke it was because WOW was that a good meal.  The service was amazing- absolutely top notch and entirely faultless.  The food... wow.  We opted for the sharing platter to start which was amazing.  The tempura was perfect - light, crunchy and not greasy.  The ribs were the star, though, loaded with meat and SO GOOD.    I had the shrimp pad thai as my main which was loaded with shrimp and had two massive shrimp butterflied on the side which were absolutely fantastic.  The Man had a duck dish which he loved.  I was too busy eating my own food to pay attention to his.    Our wine - a Californian Zinfandel- was also fantastic and at £15.95, a steal compared to restaurants we've visited lately.    We were hugely impressed and absolutely can't wait to return.~shrimp thai shrimp shrimp 
I cannot state this plainly enough: Celedon is THE best Thai place in Edinburgh. I should know, I have eaten at all of them. (No, really. I have.) The décor is elegant and the ambiance quiet and intimate. The chefs use only fresh ingredients (no pre-frozen nastiness) and there is no MSG in their dishes. The difference is obvious from the first bite of tender massman lamb, Bangkok beef, or succulent 5-spices duck, or generous Pad Thai. Honestly, after all my visits, I have never tasted anything that wasn't superb.    Also, as a displaced American foodie, I have been missing the level of service we Yanks prefer. Celedon employs (or is she the owner's wife? Hmm) the best server I have encountered in my time in the UK. Ki (I think that's how she spells it) not only is graceful, charming, and efficient, but she remembers customers' food preferences, even if it's been months between visits. If I could employ 10 Ki clones in our bar/restaurant back home, I would be a millionaire.~thai lamb, beef, thai. 
I came here with my Mum when she came up to Edinburgh to visit me. She loves a good Thai and I had heard from a friend that this was one of the best in Edinburgh so suggested that we gave this place a try. I like a good spicy meal and asked the chef to make a hot chicken green curry which he had no problem in doing, my Mum had the king Prawn green curry and we both agreed that it tasted great. The decor the the Celadon is a bit plain and boring but the quality of the food more than makes up for that.  it is a bit on the pricey side however, with the King prawn green curry costing around £11. I would suggest that the best time to come in would be for lunch where you can get a 2 meal set menu for around £13.~thai chicken 
Staying in town at the home of a classically trained chef.  He recommended this place, and it was fantastic.  I highly recommend the crispy fish and the five spice duck.  The coffee after dinner was outstanding and the topper to a perfect meal.  10 of 10'~coffee 
We stopped in this Applebees restaurant on the way home from a soccer game. it was getting close to dinner time and we didn't think the kids are going to make it home without dying of starvation first. So something that they have that is pretty neat are the tablets that are on the tables to which can keep the kids entertained and you can also order appetizers and desserts or it'll messenger server to head back to the table if you need something. however what they don't tell you is ask if your 8 year old child gets a hold of this miracle ordering tablet there are games on this tablet that they will start charging you if your kids play them.    I ordered a 9 ounce sirloin which was cooked well but trimmed poorly. My daughter ordered the smaller sirloin which was not very good.   the manager had to come over and remove C 99 cents charge that was a result of playing the game on the tablet. Overall the food was decent the tablets were all smeared with fingerprints so it seems that some deep cleaning needed to be done.~appetizers 
Blugh...I hate national chains but my treat and friends made the choice... I got the shimp pasta and I know... MINE IS BETTER!!!!! Lacking flavour and stupid small portions at $12.95 NO SIDE!!!!! Another buck fifty for fries that kinda helped fill me up.... Got home and had a REAL meal... Don't waste your time...~pasta fries 
Our food was kinda salty but we did like our salad and vegetables. Was to hungry to complain about the food.~salad 
Great service, which counts for a lot. The food was only standard though. I asked for my steak medium and it was cooked well. They charged $5 for kids Mac and cheese that was not good.~steak mac and cheese 
I have a serious pork allergy (google it, it's a real thing) I politely explained and asked the lady on the phone to tell the cook about my allergy to make sure my food didn't touch anything with pork. I finished my order and went to hang up. She didn't hang up the phone properly and I heard her tell someone "idiot says she is allergic to pork, and to not let her precious food touch anything with pork, we don't even have pork!" When I went in to the restaurant I asked for the lady by name and still being polite explained that they do have pork on their menu. "No we don't". Ok how are bacon burgers made? Or  ribs? "Oh well I wrote a note on the order so you should be fine!" She hands me the order, and taped to the bag is the order slip. With NO note of my allergy. I asked for the manager and got a similar attitude. If I was a child with a nut allergy I feel I would have been taken seriously.~pork pork. pork, pork, pork! pork bacon burgers 
Simply put.  Go North five miles to Strongsville!  The no lemon in the water can happen.  The cold French onion soup?  Shouldn't someone brown the cheese?  Shouldn't the waitress hear you say something?  Ok trick question, chicken tortilla soup does it have tortillas in it right?! Nope. Does waitress come back? Nope.  My knife was covered in dried cheese from last person.  Left knife out for the waitress, never got another.  The "pink" burger was brown, the brown burger was black as in burnt!  I know there will be a manager stop by right?  He was sweeping, or someone in a blue shirt was.  The bartender talking on the restraurant's phone, so that's why the liquor was missing?  There are better Applebee's, hell anyplace would be better.  If steak & shake served liquor.....~lemon onion brown cheese? chicken cheese burger brown, brown burger steak & 
We had the 2 for $20.00 meals, my wife had the Pasta in a Bowl and I had the Rib Basket.  My (3) Riblets and fries were skimpy and I would not recommend but the appetizer was good and my wife like her meal.  Service was great, we had Ariel.  If not for the Ribs I would give 5 stars.~pasta fries 
Nice place for a good time with family or friends!  Lemon Parmesan Shrimp! Just perfect!~lemon shrimp! 
Lucky for me this truck was outside of Goldwater Brewing. Decided on the Cajun burger and chili and both were amazing.  Chili was perfect on a chilly Arizona night ( yes they exist). Burger came with tots.  Most definitely a satisfying meal!~burger burger 
Fast friendly service. Food is fresh and cooked to order.  You gotta try a breakfast burrito.~burrito. 
I have had many burgers in my life , but I just experienced one of the best, most perfectly prepared Burger I have ever had! The Cajun burger with its chipotle aioli, spinach,tomato and cheese took me to a place that can only compare to heaven. The Cajun is paired with complementary fries and pickle, a great value for 9 bucks! I would urge anyone to give it a try!~burgers burger burger spinach, tomato cheese fries 
This truck started coming to my work a few weeks ago.  Tried the Cajun Chicken sandwich yesterday and omg was it great.  One of the best I've ever had.  Great flavor on the chicken and fresh tomatoes and spinach to compliment.  Was super impressed.~chicken sandwich chicken spinach 
The Cleveland Cultural Gardens are one of the the most unique features of CLE.  I'm not aware of anything else like it in the country.  There are about 30 various nationalities represented in the gardens.  Each garden has been created using the trational decorations and designs of its respective nationality.  During the summer months it is not uncommon to find events like free concerts, ice cream socials, and even weddings taking place.  Particulary at the Italian Gardens, and their beutifully recreated piazza.  This is a wonderful place to stroll through and soak up some of the diversity that CLE has to offer.~ice cream 
Popped in quickly to literally grab milk and bread. Easy, pleasy. Everything was where it's supposed to be, it was well stocked, clean and easy to purchase. I would say "I wish all HT's were like this," but they are.~milk 
Having never been to a Harris Teeter before moving to NC, I was hoping to a fine alternative to Publix. Alas, it is a clone with a more down homey name. Over priced and full of itself. The only saving grace is the cashier Mary. The few times I have shopped here I always seem to get her. Let me tell you brother it was worth it. In between incoherent mumbling conversations with herself, and the inability to scan items with any sort of competence, she is a dream. She is the sole reason that I will return to this location...well that and maybe some milk if I run out, or bread....possibly beer, but there is always Total wine for that........sigh.~milk 
Eh.  It was okay.  I suppose.  Our waitress was overly helpful and kinda in your face nosey, which I really, really don't like.  My food was good enough.  I got the grilled chicken breast sandwich with onion rings (really thick but pretty tasty)My sister got the white pizza and was very pleased with it and said she'd get it again.  Our overall impression on our first trip To Frankie and Louie's on a Sunday after church, was the food was okay, the service left much to be desired and I thought the pricing was a little high for the offerings.  I might try it again if going with a group, but doubt I'd dine in again alone.~chicken sandwich onion rings ( white pizza 
Another trip last showed the friendliness of the staff at Frankie & Louie's!  The chef/owner visited the table to discuss gluten with me and offered to fix the special for me with gluten-free crab cakes, aloong with the garlic mashed potatoes and filet mignon.  What a wonderful meal!  We'll keep going back cause every meal has been very good, from the filet to the portobella mushroom meal to the seafood jambalaya!   It's hard to find gluten-free restaurants that actually care about cross-contamination, much less find one with meals of this excellence!  Thanks Chef Mark!~garlic mushroom 
Food quality is poor on most items and very slow! Plus staff seems resigned to it. Sweet potato fried we got were overcooked and dried out, probably left over from lunch. The burgers are just cheap frozen patties, can do better at hardees.  We given this place two chances and try can't turn table in under 2 hours and food inconsistent.~sweet potato 
Just had lunch at his place for the second time in two days. First day had the pork tenderloins and they were awesome and more of a meal than I expected.today I tried the traditional cheeseburger and it was delicious as well. The service was great. This place has only been opened for  3 mths and I will return. The only thing I would work on is the atmosphere it seemed a little quiet and I ask for some music, and they seem to have a nice sound system and they have the big screen for the UFC fights and big games. So this place is worth checking out.~pork 
Went there on a Friday around 9:30.  As the posters have said, their items get sold out quickly however I was still able to make up a half dozen with one each of all that remained.  I believe it was the owner manning the counter and he is a very nice individual.  The doughnuts were very good.  Each type was enjoyable and to us we enjoyed each type similarly.  I am a huge craft beer fan and appreciated the use of beer in each doughnut.  The reason for the 3 star rating - to me it was the price.  We read the posters comments so we knew what we would be paying and we were fine with it.  When we tried each doughnut, we personally could not justify the price of $16 for 6 (or $2.67 each).  In the end, they are still doughnuts and it's very easy to finish one in a few bites and seek out a second one.  It seems a going rate at the top notch doughnut shops is around $1 per doughnut.  Paying 3x that (or $3 each) seems excessive.  Your mileage may vary and I strongly encourage you to check this place out.  The product is good, there is no doubt about that.  Will I go there again?  Yes, maybe once a year type place.~doughnuts doughnut. doughnut, doughnuts doughnut doughnut. 
Pretty excited about this incredibly inventive shop that just opened up in my favorite neighborhoods! The owners/bakers/founders are amazing; so friendly and excited about their new venture. The shop is very clean, insanely decorated (this being a good thing) and I loved ordering my Brewnuts and Rising Star coffee and just relaxing by the shopfront window.  So the Brewnut - I've heard people be concerned with the price but I don't believe it's clear on what you're getting for your $3. Each and every Brewnut is hand crafted by their inventors. Every Brewnut is evenly spread with it's ingredients to perfection. Some have poppy seeds, some bacon, pork reins, and so on and so forth. AND, they taste amazing. Like, really amazing. You've probably never had anything like it before.  I give Brewnuts 5 stars easy - they are a Cleveland based and loved establishment. And they are exactly what what a local business should be.  I highly recommend you give them a whirl!~coffee bacon, pork 
Donuts and beer! Come and get them - if you can catch them before they're gone, that is. They have a kooky schedule and sell out quickly so you really need to check Facebook first if you are making a special trip to Tremont for them - which you should. But they are also available at Pour Coffee and Rising Star on a fairly regular basis.   Brewnuts are a break from the norm when it comes to donuts. My favs are the Boss Hog and The Bumbler, which I just had for the third or fourth time yesterday. It was packed with blueberries! The donuts are moister (sorry, I know that word makes some people cringe) than most because of the beer, but I think that's a good thing. Shelley and John are awesome folks and really have fun with their business. The donuts are more expensive than Dunkin's ($3 each) but knowing how much love goes into them, I'm alright with splurging a little bit. Can't wait to see where the business takes them - hopefully I'll be able to enjoy a pint with my Brewnut at their shop one of these days!~coffee 
Donuts made with beer?! What could go wrong? Everything, that's what... But not here. BrewNuts nailed it.  I first tried BrewNuts when they delivered donuts to Pour Cleveland. I began with a basic glazed style donut made with Dortmunder Gold frosting. It was quite good, but my real love affair started at the popup shop on Professor Ave in Tremont.  Get here fast... They sell out fast. The first day we went, they had sold out in two hours. The second day, we went right as they opened and there was a line out the door.   Luckily, we got our fill of three donuts between the two of us. We sampled the lemon with blueberry (Bumbleberry), the maple glaze with bacon, and the raspberry frosted (IPA). I'd recommend all three, but the definitive winner was the lemon with blueberry... great flavor combination and texture. Perfection.  The donuts will run you about $3 a piece, which is on the pricier side, but you pay for the quality of these ingredients. Well worth it. Go. Early.~lemon bacon, lemon 
These are a craft-beer based donut.   Per the Facebook response I received from this business; "You can find our donuts at Pour Cleveland on Euclid (it's a pretty awesome coffee shop that specializes in pour over coffees. We have donuts there M-W-F. We also have our donuts at Rising Star Coffee in Hingetown (a little neighborhood in Ohio City) - who is equally awesome. Our donuts are there T-Th-Sat."  I picked up my first box of Brewnuts donuts at Pour Cleveland. The donuts were good, and the staff seems friendly, but at $3 each they are a bit too pricey for me.~coffee coffee 
If you are looking for something a little bit different, a whole lot delicious, and totally Clevelandesque, then you really should stop into Brewnuts for a donut. If there's one thing that Clevelanders know, that is beer. And not just your run-of-the mill bud light. I am talking craft beer that should be sipped and savored because the flavor is just that good. And just like I like my beers, I like these donuts. While they don't taste exactly like the beers that the batters are made out of (don't worry, I'm 99% sure these are kid friendly), you can definitely get hints of the flavor in these delicious little pastries. They have their signature flavors, like the Bernie (made from GLBC Dortmunder - similar to a glazed donut) and they usually have one or two new ones they are experimenting with. My favorite is the Boss Hog - a maple bacon donut made with some kind of bourbon nut brown ale (does it matter that I can't remember the name - it has BACON on it!).   Disclaimer - they have some weird hours and they sell out QUICKLY, so check their website or social media pages to stay up to date on the inventory levels.~pastries. bacon brown bacon date 
Went opening day, got a dozen to try a bit of everything.  Check their FB page for details on the donuts, but everything we tried was amazing.  My favorite is the Boss Hog, made with Elevator Brewing Company's Angry Goat Nut Brown Ale aged in Whiskey Barrels with bacon on top.  I don't usually like maple, but the maple glaze is subtle.  The Bumbler - crafted with Fatheads Bumble Berry Honey Blueberry Ale has a lemon glaze and is sweet & tart. I'm a big fan of lemons & berries together.  The Nutty Monkey - made with Fatheads Goggle Fogger Hefe-Weizen banana donut with crushed banana chips on top is moist & crunchy.  Perfection!  It was worth getting up early & facing the opening day camera crew with our rolled-out-of-bed look.  Will definitely be back!  Go early, because they sell out quickly!~brown bacon honey lemon banana banana chips 
This is probably a dumb thing to say but the name of this place is really spot on. I hadn't really thought about what it meant but these doughnuts really do have a beer flavor to them! It was different..and I didn't really enjoy the twist!   The space is really cute too! Not too much seating and no milk sold but quite awesome nonetheless! The service was great too, very friendly.~doughnuts milk 
I must confess that I'm not much of a beer fan, but that didn't stop me from devouring my Brewnuts. Thankfully, I didn't find the beer overpowering at all! It actually provided a nice counterbalance to the sweetness of the donut, creating a more savory (But still delicious!) pastry.  The shop is cute but small, and they don't bake the donuts on site so once they're out they are OUT. Flavors also seem to change regularly. The day I was there (in May as I am slow to review) they had six options to choose from: oreo, maple bacon, glazed, raspberry, coffee, and lemon shortbread. I, of course, ordered one of everything. The donuts are a bit pricey at $3 each, but well worth the occasional splurge. Also, the gentleman behind the counter was super nice, and even opened his shop a little early when he saw that I was waiting outside. Thanks, Mr. Donut Vendor! Your wares were delicious and I hope to see you again someday!~bacon, coffee, lemon 
Stopped here last week when they opened in the afternoon. I am not a fan if donuts, or doughnuts if you don't like my nomenclature, but I love beer. So it's a small shop, with a quirky feel, but the service was friendly and fast. The Brewnuts were very good, I had the Boss Hog(Topped w bacon and made with a bourbon barrel beer), a glazed made with Dortmunder, one made with Hoppin Frog Boris Stout and it was topped with caramel and sea salt and another made with Rising Star Coffee. I think the Rising Star was my favorite but they were all good. Price is an issue, at least for me. But you can get a half dozen for 16 so it helps a bit. Marc Bona was there from the paper writing a story. In the story, he mentioned the shop eventually turning into a beer and bakery thing. That would be a winner. Will probably return.~doughnuts bacon caramel coffee. 
I am absolutely NOT a doughnut person.  Not at all.  They're too sweet. They taste like nothing. And they leave me feeling like I ate lead.  Not Brewnuts.  I am pretty sure that these little bites of bliss are created by unicorns out of magic and beer. They're fluffy, they're flavorful, and they leaving me wanting another one.  I love that the donut itself is not sweet, just flavorful.  Yeasty and fluffy with a touch of beer taste, just enough to make it oh-so-delicious without making it taste less like a doughnut than a drink. The glazes add another layer of flavor and just enough sweetness to make it decadent.    Go eat a bunch of these and share them with your friends, neighbors, and relatives. They will change the way you see doughnuts forever.~doughnut doughnut doughnuts 
My opinion of Brewnuts is spot-on with other reviewers:  Excellent donuts (the best!); excellent service (above and beyond, so friendly); but excessively high prices.  I really don't like donuts, but since I do love craft beer and also love Cleveland/Tremont, I was excited to try this place out.  These donuts are unlike anything else; I never would have guessed how well beer can amp up a donut!  They are so much more sophisticated than your average dunkin; with depth and flavor that goes far beyond bland dough coated in sugar.  There is also something to be said for the awesome owners, who truly love their customers and the City of Cleveland; they are the type of people that you just want to succeed.  On the flip side; I'll never bring these donuts in for the office because I can't afford it.  Even on a special occasion ordeal, I'd never order Brewnuts in bulk over my favorite cupcakes or cannolis, which happen to be less expensive and even more tasty (in my opinion).~cupcakes 
What can I say, Craft Beer+Doughnuts.  Veritably, that's all any review of Brewnuts needs to say.  Any emotion related to this amazing venture is summed up by connotation of that math right there (because the only math you need is doughnut math, let's be real.).         However, the conceptt could have gone horribly wrong, like it would perhaps be if I tried to do so.  But in the skillful hands of the owners/bakers/awesome people, the concept is executed perfectly. Every single 'brewnut' I've had here has been absolutely fantastically delicious.  A plus is that they have some staples but consistently create new concoctions on a daily basis, which is a pleasant surprise.     The brewnuts you'll get here are some of the best doughnuts you could find and full of artfully crafted flavor.  My only negative, which is an important piece of advice in itself, is that they usually run out fairly early in the morning so get there early if you want to grab a dozen for the day.  And trust me, waking up early for a drive to Tremont for these is very much worth it.~doughnut doughnuts 
Love getting my hair cut & styled by Tonya!  I have been going to Tonya for more than 10 years...I moved to Florida, California, and now live in Hawaii.  Never found another stylist that does my hair as well as Tonya does.  Every trip home to see my family in Champaign, I schedule an appointment with Tonya.  I have thick, curly hair that I like to wear layered and often straighten.  Many people just don't seem comfortable handling all of my hair, but Tonya has been great right from the start!~curly 
I am furious with this company. Id ordered cookies for Valentines Day, and they came. I got a notification that another order shipped, 10 days later inexplicably. I did NOT ORDER this second transaction and was charged $38 by debit withdraw. I did not authorize this transaction and now I fear they are just randomly placing orders on my card.  I called them to try and straighten this out,  and I got an off shore rep. Between the language barrier and long hold times,  after 20 minutes of not getting further in solving this issue I hung up.   Somebody from this  company needs to make this right for me.~cookies 
I recently had cookies from Cheryl and Company while at the Beachwood Mall.  I was excited because I remember eating these years ago and really liking their sugar cookie cutouts.    How sad when I ordered some cookies from the case and they pulled them from another location and gave them to me individually wrapped.  These are not made fresh in the store.  The ingredient list reads like an encyclopedia.  Not good.  I am giving two stars because the shop is well branded and the workers were very nice.  Skip this place and seek out another shop/kiosk in the mall that offers fresh baked cookies.~cookies cookies cookies. 
Horrible customer service.  They did not include a Holiday Greeting with one of 19 cookie gifts.  (hoe embarrassing to ask  a recipient if they receive a gift!)  So I called and asked they would send a small box of cookies with an apology note...you would have thought I asked them for a full refund.  So because they are too cheap and narrow minded they lost a customer.  Do not do business with them.  You cannot trust their systems and they do not to rectify their errors to save a customer.~cookies 
Picked up a triple chocolate cookie from here the other night. It was delicious!   They have a lot of cookies, cake slices, candies, and ice cream to choose from. The store was clean and the employees were very friendly.~cookies, cake ice cream 
Le Rossignol is a small and intimate bistro newly opened in Leslieville (taking over Pop Bistro's space). And on a cold wintry night, there's nothing more satisfying than classic French cuisine to fuel and fortify a body against the chill.  Or if you're me, be a glutton and not be able to focus on anything else but a couch on which to play beached-whale during the entire trip home. I tried to solo this meal and perhaps that was not a good call. But I digress! Let's talk about the food.  After I settle in at my table, an amuse comes out from the kitchen - a butternut soup with coconut foam. The scent of five-spice wafts up from the hot ceramic shot-glass and it is a delicious way to warm up. Quite nice.  A hot bowl of French onion soup is up next - not too salty, really nice flavour, and islands of floating toasted crisps tangled in a mess of melted cheese. It's a hefty portion of soup, good for sharing. Of course, I ate it all by myself.  The kitchen clearly thought I didn't have enough to eat this evening (I had two - yes two - mains still yet to come), so a small quenelle of a duck terrine on a crisp gets placed in front of me. Meaty and a little vinegary, this mouthful was a nice way to perk up the taste buds again. A nice and unexpected treat.  I couldn't resist and got the house-made pasta of the night: Linguine with pulled boar, mushrooms, and laced with truffle oil. There was mention of tomatoes, but it was a fairly light note. Rich and delicious, this was a deceptively large portion of pasta due to the plate being more bowl-like than you'd think. Very filling and worth a try if they still have it on the menu.  By now I was pretty full. And what's next? Cassoulet. It landed on the table and this plate of beans, half a sausage, and two confit duck legs mocked me. The peanut gallery of lardons laughed. I tried valiantly, but I got through half a leg, a slice of sausage, and a few spoonfuls of beans before I called it quits.  The waitress enquires if I want dessert? I'm stuffed, but of course!  I opted for a pot de crème trio (it's small, right?) in mango, berry, and apple (in order of preference). The mango was light and delicious and not as mangoey as it could have been. Better that way, I think. The berry (cassis, I think), in contrast, was quite strong and worked well. The texture was a bit off though. I'd have opted to pass on the apple in the end.  A pot of loose-leaf tea (earl grey. hot.), strong and black, accompanied dessert in an effort to make more room in my stomach. It did its job, though I still felt like I was going to explode.  All in all, a promising new neighbourhood place I'd return to sometime (can't think about when right now - too full). Added bonus is the fact that real French gets bandied about between the FOH and kitchens. Adds that extra je ne sais quois to the evening.  (Check the blog for accompanying photos and menus)~butternut coconut onion cheese. pasta mushrooms, pasta sausage, sausage, mango, apple ( mango apple tea ( 
Arrived for our reservation promptly and were immediately seated. The waitress gave us a complimentary glass of champagne while we perused the menu. Ordered the frisee, pate, cassoulet and roast boar chop. While we waited, the waitress placed an amuse bouche of shrimp dressed w/ a cream sauce   Frisee salad w/ lardons and poached egg: nice and yolky, an excellent salad.  Pate main served w/ toast and jam. Meaty w/o being salty and the jam added a sweet note. Lovely.  Cassoulet: It was -5C out so this dish really hit the spot. Two confit duck legs, rosemary herbed sausage and white beans slow cooked until al dente and flavorful. The duck legs might've been a little chewier than usual, but still a good, hearty, filling dish.  Roast wild boar chop: Cooked medium w/ an excellent, slightly sweet glaze, mashed potatoes, baby carrots and crunchy broccolini. The flavors and textures were wonderful, an excellent dish.  Chocolate cake: deep, chocolatey flavor, with just enough sweetness to allow you to enjoy the chocolatey taste w/o being sugary, sickly sweet.  Pear poached in wine and honey, served w/ vanilla creme in phyllo. Man, this dessert was amazing. I'll definitely get this again.  It's not haute cuisine, but it is a French restaurant and service is appropriate and friendly.  Five stars w/ one star off for the overly confited duck. We'll definitely hit this place as the seasons change and different things come into season like ramps and fiddleheads.~shrimp salad egg: salad. sausage white potatoes, chocolate cake 
Second time visiting here and (un)fortunately, it was the same as the last - it bit better than a mediocre establishment. I also read the National Post's (http://tinyurl.com/4htvoet) review the day after visiting and although it was a little bit harsher than I would have said it, it was on the money.   A bit of confusion finding our reservation at first, but once done we were warmly shown to our table. The wine list was a little overpriced ($14/glass for middle of the road) for what it had on it, but of the two glasses that I tried, they were nice accompaniments to what I ate.   I started with the quintessential escargots and my wife had soup of the day - creme of pear and parsnip. The escargots were excellent. Plump and nestled nicely in butter and Gruyere. The soup was thick and rich and thankfully wasn't overpowering in either pear or parsnip. Nice little starter.   We also shared another special of the day - a small order of rabbit rillette with crostini. A little heavy on garlic but a light dish that was rather quickly devoured.   Mains next. I had the wild boar which was...ok. I partially blame myself as when I had the mental image in my head, it wasn't the same as the pork chop that appeared in front of me. The Yukon mash and carrots were delicate and lovely to eat. The roasted garlic / jus that came with the boar didn't add too much to the taste that was just familiar. The $27 price for this plate was a tad too much as well.   Now, the moules et frites that my wife ordered were fantastic. Neither of us had ordered very many tomato-based mussel dishes (used to wine or curry/cream based) and this order was brilliant. Mussels were big fat bastards and picked up the broth flavour very well. Extra bread for dipping was definitely needed. Couldn't even finish the order. The mini-string frites were very tasty and the perfect lemon aioli dip was tip top.   The place filled quickly past 7-7:30 p.m. with every demographic possible, showing that this little placed is like by all. We planned it well time-wise, as with our table tucked in the corner near the ordering station, the place gets packed by 9.   Staff were very friendly, pleasant and timed their visits perfectly. At least one server speaking French with a multitude of tables.   Going back to the Post's article, I don't know how the reviewer ate for $80, taxes in. Our meal with 2 glasses of wine, a pastis ordered with a shared dessert was $135 before tip.~pear parsnip. butter pear parsnip. garlic pork garlic / tomato- lemon 
Food is mixed ... Elk is delicious, cassoulet is very hearty, French onion soup is pretty good, beet salad is fresh.  Service has a bit of a take it or leave it attitude - didn't like our request to decant our wine. Cozy room - meaning not a lot of room between table - but comfortable chairs. Bathrooms are rustic and excessively bright.  With attention this will become a very good neighborhood restaurant.~onion beet salad 
I am a Fashionista!  Seriously, I like boutiques and finding really cute unusual pieces of clothing,  but lets be real,  there aren't many boutiques around theses days. Plan deaux; TJ Maxx!  This TJ is located next to many other shopping options, seems a little touristy, but this could be the reason why this store always has good finds and never disappoints.  I find the cutest outfits and  shoes and even stuff for our house. I also love the packaged flavored coffees. I bought a delicious Madagascar Vanilla coffee for under 6.00 a bag.  The childrens clothing has cute outfits in designer labels but price pointed at Target prices.   I love this TJ.~coffee 
A nice addition to the douche district! A few blocks away from work (I REALLY like where I work), and offering very interesting tea selections, I am already hooked!   I found them by chance (and, please don't tell Yelp managers, but they do offer deals almost everyday on premium teas via a Toronto-based deal site, who doesn't love cheap  awesome tea?)  after tasting their teas at Moksha downtown. The COCOA TEA O-M-G. I bought a bag and it lasted less than a week. Perfect for the season!  I am willing to spend money on their matchas and more of the cocoa tea. It's basically cocoa shells, I suggest mixing it with a base tea, and adding some milk to get a delicious tea latte. But if you want a skinny hot cocoa, just make a tea of cocoa shells and pour some steamed milk on top, IT ACTUALLY TASTES BETTER THAN CARNATION, I SWEAR.   They could be better, though: they could offer more tea accessories (the basics: paper filters, tea tumblers...) and it's very small, so you will probably order tea-to-go. I hope they grow and offer more products and space for their customers, it will be awesome!~tea tea? tea tea. tea, milk tea tea milk tea tea tea- 
This review pertains to purchasing tea drinks rather than loose tea.  I would love nothing more than to like this place. I truly love to support the small business. But unfortunately my tea was not even mediocre - it was terrible. My friend got a tea too and it was medicore.  I had the chai tea and it was just so watery. Just really not good at all. And even if I saw beyond the wateryness I don't think the flavor was there at all.   Just avoid. Sad but true.~tea tea. tea tea tea 
Tea Tea Tea!! You know how I love loose leaf Tea shop!  Herbal infusions Tea Co is one of those small cute tea shop, that I love to visit. More like a take out place since there are really only 2 seats and with such a small space it is really hard to chill.. :)  Tea selections are wonderful.. you should definitely go to their website and take a look of their selections before going into the store, so you won't be overwhelmed!!  Coconut Custard Rooibos tasted like a liquid dessert., without the calories. It has a rich and heavy body with a hint of coconut... I was sipping that while I was waiting for my yoga class at Yoga Tree Downtown!  SWEET!!~tea tea tea! tea tea tea tea coconut coconut... 
If you love tea, this place is tea nirvana. Even if you are not a big tea drinker, you will definitely find something you will go nuts for. It is also a great place for gifts. It is a small independantly-owned shop run by Dan who is a mad scientist with tea. There are a ton of different flavors from sweet, to smokey, to creamy, to nutty, to delicate and complex. You could find teas that mimic flavors of your favorite dessert or cocktail.  In addition to selling loose teas, Dan could brew you a cup to enjoy (hot or iced). Definitely try the Cacao tea. Cacao, not to be confused with Cocoa, is the raw bean which chocolate and cocoa is made from. The strong aroma is rich and chocolatety and the flavour is spicy and like bitter dark chocolate. Best of all it is caffine free so you can enjoy it at night. The apple smoked bacon tea is not as scary as it sounds -- it smells awesome.  The shop which carries about a 100 different tea flavours could be very daunting to choose which tea to try, but the wall of tea is grouped in different categories: decafinated, black, green and white teas. Dan is also good at choosing the right tea for you if you are still indecisive.  Dan works on new flavours all the time, so be sure to check in once in a while to see what he has brewing (pardon the pun).  You probably seen David's Teas everywhere, but this little shop is really cool and special, plus I like to support my independant neighborhood stores.~tea, tea tea tea. tea. apple bacon tea tea tea tea white tea 
Tea infused syrups for cocktails! I bought the orange blossom oolong myself, and it makes a killer drink. (They provided a recipe as well) Now I get to make "Me Love You Oolong Time" at home!   Chatting with the owner, I learned that they do small group tea mixology classes, teaching you and your friends how to mix your own tea infused cocktails. Sounds fun, and was priced right. Definitely a more interesting team building exercise than some. I will be back next time I am in the area.~tea tea tea 
EDIT: This location is closed.   #1 World Iced Tea Champion -- that's what it says on their sign outside, so we had to go in and try it since it's so close to work. Apparently only one of their teas won, the Eucalyptus Grapefruit Tea, but we didn't know that before we ordered.  We walked into a tiny space with a floral aroma. We wanted the iced tea, obviously, but didn't know which one to order. The employee suggested the Sweet Mango, we took a sniff out of their many transparent containers, and decided that that's what we wanted. You wouldn't think that tea could be that aromatic, but a quick whiff proved me wrong. The aroma was very strong, in a good way. We waited about 5 minutes while our iced tea was steeping. It's about $2.change for a 20oz cup. Not a bad deal! The iced tea tasted a little watered down compared to what I was expecting, but I wasn't disappointed.  Tasty, inexpensive, and healthy. We'll come back for more.~tea grapefruit tea, tea, mango, tea tea tea 
A tiny shoppe with a big tea selection.  Dan (owner) is the man with the patience to guide you to tea nirvana.  Don't be afraid to ask him all your hard-hitting herbal questions!  Tops in my books: Sweet Mango on the rocks when it's hot out, steeped Roasted Almond with soy milk on cold days.  But really, you can't go wrong with any tea flavour in the store. GO THERE NOW.~tea tea mango almond milk tea 
I work next door to this place and I love it. I'm a big fan of loose leaf tea, so having this place so close is great. The owner is such a nice guy. He's very knowledgeable about his product, and that helps, since there's so many flavours to choose from. He got me onto a tea called lapacho when I had a cold, and it's become a new favorite. This place has top-notch customer service and product, and deserves a 5 star rating. I highly recommend visiting if you're in the neighbourhood.~tea, tea 
I'm really digging this tea shop. I'm not in the area as often as I'd like to be, but when I am, I usually stop in for a cup of tea. It's a tiny space, but houses a nice variety of in house made tea blends. I didn't think the selection was really that small, but I think it's a sign of quality. Kind of like a carefully selected wine list at a restaurant rather than I "here is every single wine we could buy ever" list.  Service has been lovely.  The owner is consistently a nice, helpful person, and answers questions about tea and recommends things as needed.  They've got a nice variety of in house made tea blends. But since I'm a creature of habit (at least with tea) I will probably just order an earl grey or a cacao tea probably forever. I like that the cacao is from Chocosol, and that the tea tastes like some kind of chocolate magic, while still being light.  I'm going to have to look into some of their tea mixology classes!~tea tea. tea tea tea tea) tea tea tea 
I was on a tea hunt with a friend, this was recommended by Yelp so I made an effort to find this place!  In fact it's on Adelaide Street, go west from Spadina. it's not exactly close to the intersection, you can't see it until you're walking west on Adelaide.  This is a very small place -even its door was so small. You would only notice this tea shop when you find its shop sign (or if you already know of its location).  When we entered, they looked at us blankly because they were expecting someone else. I don't think they were expecting customers that day, they were holding an event to promote their new online tea subscription service (pretty cool right?)  Anyways, so the guy who helped us find the right teas was wonderful. He was patient especially in waiting for this indecisive duo to find the right teas.   THE TEA SHOP INFO: - super small shop - very few selections. Still they have green, black, oolong, white, and roiboos - minimum amount is 50g per tea - $2 sample teas!!!!! ANY tea, comes in a cute test tube. Just $2. Pretty awesome.  The $2 tea sample is honestly the BEST thing ever. The test tube can fit enough leaves for about 2-3 cups of tea, and it's so cute. Totally fun as gifts.  I didn't give it 5 stars because there are too few selections of teas, and I didn't like most of the teas to be honest. Most of their teas have strong smelling ingredients such as cinnamon, chocolate, nuts, and especially the dessert teas (like the Tiramisu).  I personally prefer fruity, flowery, and teas that have less strong (and less contrasting) smells. The fruity teas I buy do not have any sort of "accent" smell.  Still, please please check this place out if you're a tea lover. Try those $2 tea samples!~tea tea tea tea white, tea - tea, tea tea, tea tea 
So I have a theory. The architects at the Westin really wanted to build an obstacle course as part of the hotel. And so they did. But then they couldn't figure out how to market it. So they decided to turn that obstacle course into a restaurant instead, and they called it the Penn City Grill.  Now, the food isn't too bad, and the sushi is decent. But the service is so slow and so inefficient at the Penn City Grill, that it's almost comical to watch the waitstaff run back and forth, without any rhyme or reason, because anything you ask for -- menu, silverware, napkins, check -- requires at minimum two laps around the obstacle course.  So eventually, I stopped expecting the waitstaff to come around, and just enjoyed the show. Never mind that the restaurant is at most 25% full. Stuff just takes that long.  Bravo, Penn City Grill! If that's the goal you were aiming for, you certainly succeeded.~sushi 
Breakfast, Ray was a peppy as a cup of coffee, service was quick. The menu is standard and limited but they accommodated my every request. Not cheap.~coffee, 
I ride by the Redpath factory every day. Twice. One day i noticed a little wee sign saying "Musuem". Hmm... museum you say? I'm curious. A museum about sugar?  My friend and I were both curious and stopped in one day on our way home from work. It was a Sunday and they weren't open but they gave us the hours so we could come back when they were open.  So we returned the next day after work, parked our bikes at the bike rack out front and headed in, not really sure where we were headed.  Inside the main door is just a small security desk. The guard asked us if we had an appointment.  Nope. We told him we had come just yesterday to ask when they were open and were told we could come back today. The flyer he gave us with the hours said they'd be open and didn't say anything about needing an appointment.  After a phone call and a few minutes of confusion, we were escorted to the back of the building and told to walk towards a guy wearing a white lab coat at the back of the property. He stood back there with a wide stance and his arms crossed in a strange intimidating way. But when we got up close, he was just an odd white hairded, mutton-chopped older man with a fun British accent. He showed us into the Museum and told us that he was just finishing up with a group of seniors (weird?) and then we would have the place to ourselves.  The displays were really nicely put together, going over the history of John Redpath and how he came to Canada and first started his businesses.  Once we really got reading about him, it was pretty interesting. The strange museum man would pop in and out every once in a while to see if we had any questions. My only question was if they ever did tours of the actually factory so i could see how sugar was really made. He said they didn't do that because it's a food production factory and everything is all sealed up for health standards. Darn.  It was a strange afternoon at the Redpath Museum, but a fun little piece of Toronto (and Montreal) history.~white white 
While I was being yelled at by the white haired bloke w/ wiry mutton chops about the dangers of walking through the parking lot and how we had to walk hand-in-hand with a partner and also the rules of the place due to federal food regulations, I was like Geez, please!  My joke to our group (we had arranged for this tour midweek): For someone who works in a sugar factory, he sure isn't sweet.  har har!  Mutton Chops didn't bother to say hello. Our group, 7 parents and 11 home schooled kids ages 5 to 15 attempted a greeting when he started roaring the rules.  ooooKay!  But wait, I'm a fan?   Yeah, a fan.  Once past the formalities, the barked orders and the chastising of an elderly woman (not part of my immediate group) for eating nuts (against aforementioned food regulations!), a great time was had. Mutton Chops turned out to be a great guide, passionate about his subject and a good story teller.  Did you know that....  You can watch the sugar boat barges unload raw sugar using giant cranes? Redpath Senior had 17 children but 5 of them died? You can wear a corset and not pass out? The factory operates 7 days a week, 24 hours a day? It takes 10 hours to take raw sugar and refine it into Redpath sugar? The original Redpath family mansion in Montreal (now gone) included central heat and three indoor washrooms? Brown sugar is just white sugar with the molasses added back in?  My youngest boy, 7, said, Can you believe it-- they take the molasses out and then they *add it back in*?!!  Random bonus: the museum includes a display of "sugar art": figures from the Harry Potter series fashioned out of sugar.   Stupefy!~white brown white molasses molasses 
The sausages are wonderful just like at any other William J Walter location.   The one star rating is for the rude treatment I received from the manager/owner of this location.  Arriving home to find that one of my four sausages was half torn open (the store owner had stuffed them into the same bag as the plastic container of sauerkraut), I returned to ask for a replacement. The owner, annoyed, refused saying that he "couldn't" replace it and that I'd have to pay for a new one. When I insisted that as the owner of the store it was indeed in his power to replace it, he angrily snatched the sausage out of the bag, slammed it into the trash can, dumped a new sausage in and shoved the open bag at me growled "Es-tu content?".  Non, je ne suis /pas/ content.~sausage sausage 
Un lieu qui n'est pas sans rappeler les ripailles des festibières... Effectivement, la petite saucisserie offre une bonne sélection brassicole; plus de 150 choix de bières de microbrasseries québécoises : McAuslan, Dieu du Ciel! Simple Malt, l'Alchimiste, etc.... Encore des découvertes!... Je me suis procuré deux bière prestigieuses du brasseur Le Lion d'Or (Sherbrooke); une Ambrée d'amour, bière stimulante dans laquelle a été incorporé un mélange mystique de 4 aphrodisiaques, et La Blonde des Cantons, bière blonde de soif, très rafraîchissante...   La bière est ici en harmonie avec la cinquantaine de saucisses proposées (c'est le plus grand choix que j'aie jamais vu) derrière un vaste comptoir. Plusieurs sont sans gluten et substances laitières. Ce n'est pas un hasard, ces deux acolytes se marient parfaitement, même que le personnel n'hésitera pas à vous suggérer les meilleurs combinaisons afin de soutirer le meilleur gustatif qu'ont à offrir ces deux éléments prisés des gourmets. À vrai dire, chacune des saucisse a son complice houblonné.  Je fus surpris d'apprendre qu'une bière bien faite contient un certain nombre non-négligeable d'antioxydants ralentissant le vieillissement des tissus dermiques. C'est également une boisson riche en sels minéraux, vitamines et acides aminés. Depuis le temps que j'en bois!... C'est pas tombé dans l'oreille d'un sourd...  Leurs saucisses, d'après la dégustation gratuite, sont délicieuses. Moi qui ne suis pas friand du feta, avoue avoir adoré celle qui en était fourrée... Quelques repas sont aussi servis pour emporter. Ainsi me suis-je déchiré une dizaine de minute à savoir si je devais ou non me prendre leur sandwich à la viande fumé ou aux saucisses... S'il y avait eu des tables sur place, je n'aurais pas hésité une seconde...~sandwich 
I really enjoy the sausages bought here, they are what keep me coming back. They aren't cheap, but are oh so delicious! Service though is hit or miss, depending on who is working. And the way the sausages are wrapped (put in a flimsy bag) makes me want to plan ahead and bring a Tupperware. Those Styrofoam trays from the butcher/grocery seam wasteful and unnecessary, but they have an important role.   Another reason to go in: super yummy sandwiches made on the spot. Bonus points if you eat them across the street in the park. They are made to your liking, with or without sauerkraut and pickles, mayo or mustard.~pickles, 
It's been five days since my Montreal adventure and I'm still fantasizing about this amazing shop near the edge of Marche Jean Talon. Initially drawn in by the bacon and salamis (in hopes that we could sneak something back home to the US), my dining partner and I returned for the outstanding sausage sandwiches.  We both ended up getting swiss cheese infused sausages-- positively bubbling with mild, gooey cheese-- with mustard and pickles as a nod to a classic Cuban sandwich. Seeing everyone else order saurkraut we opted for a little of that too... and were stunned. This, friends, is one of the most perfect sandwiches I've ever eaten.  The baguette on which the toppings were served was chewy, crunchy, and hot. The saurkraut-- something I'm not normally a fan of-- was crunchy and fresh and provided a nice mildly acidic counter to the rich, fatty sausage. Solid mustard and tasty pickles.   My dining partner and I sat in silence just savoring these sandwiches.  To note-- if ordering from the food cart, pay inside first and get a number. Kudos to the friendly clerk willing to make us sandwiches even though we hadn't done this formality before stepping in line.  Anyhow, I'll be hiding in my kitchen trying to figure out how to recreate these delights.~bacon sausage cheese pickles sandwich. sausage. pickles. 
I like the idea of this place: sausages and microbrew. But I don't end up buying much sausage there. I don't like the sausages much. Maybe they are low-fat or something. I do like their sauerkraut. And I occasionally buy a sausage sandwich to eat across the street in the park in nice weather.~sausage sausage sandwich 
I gave this four stars, and depending what you're looking for you may rate it the same. Unless you like any type of meat on your food. Blue Elephant only serves veggies. Which is fine except they didn't even have portabella or tofu. Not sure what they're going for?    Otherwise they had good food, very fresh and served quickly. The place was clean and the employees very friendly. This will make for a great lunch spot. No doubt.  Good spot to take a client for a quick meal.~tofu. 
When this place first opened, it was a nice addition to RIDC Park - making fresh wraps, salads, and grilled cheese on their panini press. Now, their food menu has become much more limited. When I went in a month ago and again today their only food offerings were frozen Indian meals for lunch entrees and a few basic salads. While I admit the Channa Masala entree I had was tasty, the lady working told me that they buy it frozen from a bag, dump it out, and heat it up on top of rice for $8. I don't know what's happened, because this was a decent place to grab a sandwich and coffee a few years ago, and now their menu is 1/4 of the size and it's often deserted. I'm just not sure how they are able to keep their doors open, surely not with the sales of kitchy gifts. If you're looking for a lunchtime meal, skip Blue Elephant.~wraps, salads, cheese salads. sandwich coffee 
I work around this area and have come to the Blue Elephant for lunch on several occasions.  The staff is friendly and the decor is modern and clean.  It's a nice and quiet place to go have an affordable meal.    I have gotten their quesadilla, the small portion, which is plenty enough and it is delicious. I thought at first that having no meat would make the quesadilla not as tasty but it is packed with flavor! If your looking for a place with good coffee and healthy food, this is the place to come!~coffee 
What a great little lunch spot hidden in RIDC  park. This is a vegetarian cafe that serves coffee beverages and a bunch of delicious lunch options like panini sandwiches, quesadillas, soup, salad, and pizza.   I ordered the white apple cheddar panini. It was melty white cheddar, apples, onion, and mustard on a grain bread. This baby was so good! I could have eaten 10 of them!...well maybe not, but I would love the stomach capacity to do so because this sandwich was bomb! It was served with a side of chips and a pickle spear. You could get a side of fries for an up-charge.   I was there at noon and it was pretty dead. I don't know if that's the usual scene or if the bad weather was keeping people away, but I hope this place gets solid business because I'd love to see it stick around.~coffee salad, pizza white apple white onion, sandwich chips fries 
After working in RIDC Park for almost 3 months, I finally decided to check out the Blue Elephant Cafe.  I was surprised to find out that they were actually a vegetarian, organic cafe! While I don't live by either of these culinary choices, I still found their menu to be enticing and ordered the White Cheddar Apple Medley Panini.  It was served hot within 5 minutes, and my bill came to a little over $8 for the sandwich (which came with a pickle and side of chips) and beverage.  Not bad!  The sandwich itself was delicious. A great blend of flavors, though I found it a little difficult to eat at times. When I bit into the sandwich the apple wanted to escape and either ended up slipping out of the sandwich or hanging from my teeth. Not being one to leave a fallen sandwich behind, I trudged on and made a happy plate (or joined the Clean Plate Club, depending on which reference you fancy).  I will definitely be back soon, seeing as its a short walk from my office and a healthy alternative to many other quick dining options in the area.~white apple sandwich ( chips) sandwich sandwich apple sandwich sandwich 
I have to admit I only come here for coffee. Not that the lunch menu does not look good, but I usually brown bag it.  This place is located on Gamma Drive. The inside is extremely clean with ample space. There are lots of seats and tables. I believe they also have some conference rooms there as well as an outdoor patio.  The food menu is a vegetarian menu. I really enjoy the coffee as it is robust and flavorful.  all the non flavored coffees are organic.~coffee. brown coffee 
Delicious Coffee. Friendly Staff. Grateful for the Coconut Water & pH balanced Bottled Water. Knocking off one star for the snack selection, though it's improving!~coffee. coconut 
I was exploring Pittsburgh last week, when I came across this hidden gem. I easily found a place in their parking lot (since it's humongous). The Cafe had two blue elephants on either side of the main entrance, which reminded me of the beautiful blue pottery artwork kings and queens used to have in their palaces centuries ago in India.   This place is very simple and elegant, and it perfect for a casual Tuesday afternoon. Their menu is completely vegetarian, and most of their menu can cater to vegans too. I ordered the cranberry panini and 3-bean chilli. My order came within 5 minutes, and it was the most delicious cranberry panini I had ever had. I was excited to see the wide variety of teas they had, and tried the ginger tea and the green tea. Both were great.   If you are in Pittsburgh, you HAVE TO visit this Cafe.~cranberry cranberry ginger tea tea. 
So I totally didn't read the reviews and discovered that this place is vegetarian while I was looking at the menu thinking "where's the meat".    I didn't miss it though.  It is a 3.5 for me.  Here's why.    First impression...what a cute cafe!  It's clean and cool with some tables and a little seating area with leather chairs.  There's also a small private room with a conference table in it.   Bathroom is clean and modern.    Then onto the ordering - it's fast casual style.   I was sort of reminded of a trip to the doctor's office because it was a really clinical experience.   The lady at the counter was really slow and rather uninspired by her work.  Turns out we'd interrupted her lunch, which she went out to the dining area to eat after she waited on us.  My lunch was served to-go.  Not sure why since she didn't ask.   The food was mixed.  The jalapeño popper panini I had was pretty good.  Creamy and cheesy, with a punch from some sliced jalapeños.   It was pretty large too.  The hash brown tater tots were straight from the Ore Ida bag.  Not bad, but pretty generic.   The sandwich, tots, bottle of water, and random bag of chips I didn't order came to just over $10.    A solid lunch cafe if you work in the area, but the menu is a tad limited and the service could use some work.~brown sandwich, chips 
I just had a wonderful panini sandwich with a group of friends at Blue Elephant Cafe. It was filled with apple slivers, delicious cheese, fresh greens, and a spicy mustard. The wonderful lunch was topped off with an extraordinarily good cup of coffee. Try out this pretty spot whenever you're in the neighborhood. You'll be glad you did.~sandwich apple cheese, greens, coffee. 
I'll start off with the food. Food is delicious, especially the Cranberry Panini. Cranberry sauce, jalapeños, arugula-spinach, onions, and Monterey Jack cheese. Yum! It's my my favorite dish there. Their other sandwiches and quesadillas are delicious.  I love the drinks they offer. There's horizon chocolate milk, coconut water, the usual sodas, propel, and many more. I've heard the coffee is absolutely amazing. I've never had it, but my friends love it.  The ambiance is nice. The inside is clean and simple, but it lacks decoration. There is free wifi and everyone there is really nice.   The only negative thing I can say about this place are the portion sizes. But since the food isn't expensive, the portion sizes makes sense.~cranberry cranberry arugula- spinach, cheese. milk, coconut coffee 
The coffee here was delicious, full of robust flavors with very little acidity. Best coffee I've had in the area. The free wifi and clean interior were bonuses.~coffee coffee 
Good food,  but service is slow considering I just ordered a sandwich. They definitely need to add some cooks in the kitchen.~sandwich. 
Good coffee and a nice selection of vegetarian lunch options. This place is across the street from my building and I frequent it often. The only reason I don't give it five stars is that I think the prices are a bit high.~coffee 
Just opened, good coffee and free wifi. Radio is a little loud and space is kind of sterile, but I'm sure it will get better with time.~coffee 
I use to love going here for lunch.  Recently they changed their menu and it's now very limited.   They took away my favorite panini in fact they offer no panninis now.  The wraps are inconsistent in the way they are made.  The hummus wrap barely has any hummus now.  The sandwiches use to come with chips and a pickle and now they don't come with anything, now getting much less for my money.  I use to be a regular at this restaurant and there is no longer a reason for me to return.   I am hopeful that the management changes some things back to being more customer focused.  This is a great location and there is plenty of opportunity for a profitable business if they treat their customers better.~wraps chips 
I needed a replacement Bluetooth headset while on the road for work, broke my last one. I wanted the Motorola Sliver II and scored the last one they had in the store, plus picked up an extra Apple USB to Lightning cable.  Service was good.~apple 
I've been wanting to stop in this place since it opened and finally had the chance. I stopped in right after work around 5pm this is definitely not a happy hour bar but people you should give it a chance...   They have a small outdoor seating area and the bar was very nice. The drink specials were great I'm not sure if this is every Tues. but they had $3 house martini's in pineapple and strawberry, flavors, $2 Kamikaze shots, & $1 PBR's. Why people don't frequent this place for happy hour is a mystery with those kinds of specials   The friendly bartender said the place usually gets busy around 8pm...I will have to try to make out again.~pineapple 
Chicken taco came in a fried taco shell that was stale; lengua tasted like frozen roast beef.~chicken taco taco beef. 
It's not the best carne asada I've had, but it is heaped on generously to your fries.  You will also get an equally generous portion of guacamole, and all the ingredients that make up the carne asada fries.  Its prices are fair enough for how much food you get as well.  From what I understand, the other Roberto's locations do a better job, but this wasn't bad at all.~fries. fries. 
Aint nothing better than good ol' carne Asada fries!   This location is pretty ungenerous with their portions.. Unlike their other locations! When I order carne asada fries they limit the amount of meat they put on it. And 90% of the time when I say "No Beans", they always  give me beans!   I've only been inside once and I suggest just going thru the drive thru. So you can avoid coming out smelling like carne asada. The drive thru is pretty fast surprisingly.   There's always this homeless man at the end of the drive thru trying to wash your windows. It kind of creeps me out because he won't stop talking to you.~fries! fries 
This is one of the cleaner Roberto's in town.  They are very nice here and have quick service.  You may need to speak as little as possible as they do not speak much English.  They are also one of the few locations with a shrimp burrito, which is very good and always served hot!  This location has a very interesting interior and it almost seems like a converted McDonald's or something like that.  If you use the drive-thru, beware that it may take 10-20 min. for your food.  They have plenty of parking and never have a long order line.~shrimp burrito, 
What can I say? I love a good bean and cheese burrito and Roberto's has one that will inspire me to get out of bed in the middle of the night to get one. Lucky for me, they're open 24 hours. Not so lucky for my pants which have been feeling the stretch of this staple of my diet for some time now. I don't know what it is about this burrito-maybe they warm the tortilla in butter before filling it with tasty beans and cheese. Maybe it's the fact that they likely cook those beans in lard, which let's be honest, makes all the difference. I don't know, but if I knew I could live off of these without dropping dead of heart disease, I'd do it.   There aren't many things I order here- the enchilada plate, the bean and cheese burrito and from time to time the carne asada nachos which are a day and a half's worth of calories and sodium, but worth it. I only recommend the carne asada when it comes to nachos- the chicken just has never been good when I've had it. Nothing to ruin a delicious plate of cheese and chips like dry flavorless chicken. My favorite salsa is the green-not too spicy and packs in some great tomatillo flavor. If you go inside you can get as many little containers of salsa as you want, which brings me to my next point.   Don't get in the drive through lane unless you like to be tortured before your meal. I've made the mistake many a time of  hopping in the drive through lane because I simply didn't want to get out of my car and I regretted it every single time. It is significantly faster to park and go in because the drive through line can be a 15+ minute wait and in my experience they get the food inside the restaurant faster. I mean, I've actually pulled up at the same time as someone and have walked out with my food before the cars in front of them have received their food.  The food is consistent, the service is what you'd expect at any fast food establishment and if you avoid the drive through line I could almost guarantee a positive experience!~cheese burrito burrito- butter cheese. lard, cheese burrito chicken cheese chips chicken. salsa tomatillo salsa 
Well, when I went into this place I did not know what to expect... I walked in and holy cow this place was so not mexican food. I should have expected not authentic duh... But nope. This place is like a fast food version of taco bell hahaha, or a fast food version of Baja Fresh. I ordered a burrito the meat was the only real good part of it. The rice and beans were dull to say the most. Plenty of parking, but the place inside is clean, clean bathroom, but boring colors inside. Weird because it has a lot more of these little stands everywhere here. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to break into Mexican food and then go to little mexican places after this then to the big boys.~taco bell burrito 
I ordered the carna asada fries, tastes horrible, & ended up throwing it all away.  No discounts  for the military.   Your better off going to viva el taco, free drink with your order.~fries, taco, 
"Don't listen to a word I say "Hey! "The screams all sound the same "Hey!"  "Though the truth may vary "This ship will carry our bodies safe to shore"  ------------------------------------------  In A Sentence™ Do you seek the absolute most expensive petrol in the valley aside from the one station adjacent to Sixt Rent A Car® on Warm Springs/Gillespie? (You've come to the right place.)  Quick Review™ +   They carry Thrifty Ice Cream®.  -   That Thrifty Ice Cream will cost you more than a comparable amount of same-brand ice cream with the two warm cookies at Sweet Addiction®.   -   The petrol -- unleaded regular -- costs as much as the premium at other locations.  Employee of Excellence™ +   N/A. Perhaps the guy (or gal) who drives this flammable liquid across state lines while staying awake long enough to avoid crashing into a school bus full of children. He's the real MVP.  ------------------------------------------  Question: Do you seek the absolute most expensive petrol in the valley aside from the one station adjacent to Sixt Rental on Warm Springs/Gillespie?   Answer: Then you have come to the right place here at Texaco Short Line Express Market® in Centennial.   Question: Do you seek to pay more than 3.50$ USD for less than one true scoop of Thrifty Ice Cream?   Answer: Then you have come to the right place ....  Observations since my final patronage + There is a station just a couple of blocks north on the West side of Durango that provides Petrol at a much lower cost. I won't name it since you know what it is: it rhythms with NARCO.  + It's like stepping through a wormhole and landing back in the Dumbya years where petrol was forcing people to trade in their Durango®s for Toyota Camry®s and to pull the AAA scam* once a month. (*Claim running out of gas; get roadside assistance to deliver one whopping liquid gallon of petrol to your location.)  + I wish there were a sports book in the market so I can wager on the sports games that transpired in the past. It would make up for the overcharge on the fuel and turn me into a real life Biff. (Who wouldn't want to be Biff?)  Firsthand experiences explained in a step-by-step guide for the worthless HQ idiot reading this: step 1. I drive to the business. (I drove there.) Step 2: I open the door of the motor vehicle and step out and shut the door behind me after popping the fuel door. Step 3: I looked at the pump number. Step 4: I began walking towards the doors of the business. Step 5: I returned to the vehicle because I forgot the pump number and need to ensure I don't pay into the wrong pump. Step 6: Once again I walk towards the doors of the business. Step 7: The automatic doors -- like magic -- open for me as if I were Prince Harry, also a combat veteran like me.  Step 8: I wait for the attendant to return from wherever he is.  Step 9: I repeat aloud the number that I have been saying to myself repeatedly and hand him the Jackson. (They really should put a woman on that denomination.) Step 10: I say thank you.  Step 11: I look at the ice cream on my way out.  Step 12: I reach the motor vehicle, remove the pump, select the grade, unscrew the cap, engage the automatic draw after inserting the nozzle into the female part. Step 13: I open the door and get inside the motor vehicle before shutting the door behind me. (There must be a reason that Oregon and New Jersey, respectively, bar civilians from pumping their own fuel.) Step 14: I listen to KNPR, check-in on my Yelp mobile application, think about Mark Wahlberg's firefighter character in I Heart Huckabees, et. cetera. Step 15: I hear the click of the nozzle disengaging, open the door, step out, pull the nozzle slightly out while still leaving the tip in, shake off the nozzle vigorously, place the ....  I am exhausted of the firsthand experiences. You get the point.   Final Word™ Don't come here unless you enjoy burning money unnecessarily*.  (*As opposed to necessarily.)  ------------------------------------------  Tourists None here: it's far from the strip.  Kids Not good for 'em.  Dogs Leave them at home unless they are service-providing*. (*Don't you dare leave them in the car!)  ------------------------------------------  Rating: Two-stars, "Meh. I've experienced better."~ice cream ice cream cookies ice cream? ice cream 
Y'know, you always come home to the basics.  After being on the road for two weeks, it sure felt good hitting up one of my favorite coffee spots.~coffee 
Not a big fan of their house coffee but staff is always friendly and they make a good latte.~coffee 
Fairly good coffee, really unfriendly service. It was a nice place to wait during my layover instead of in the greyhound station~coffee, 
This place is ok. I got a cappuccino, and it was a little on the weak side. It also had too much milk in it and not enough foam. The barista was friendly. The wifi wasn't working at first, but she reset the router to fix it. I was thankful for that!~milk 
As far as a coffee chain goes in Pittsburgh I would have to say this is the standard by which coffee chains should be measured. I'll take it over a very famous coffee chain in town with the first initials of it's two syllables SB any day (with the "s" being for what our sun is _ _ _ _ and the "b" being for the for the plural of a cuss word for copulating that starts with a different letter  _ _ _ _ s). Anyway, I digress...Crazy M is not the best in town by any means but good solid espresso for sure.~coffee coffee coffee 
Stopped here for coffee on my way to a trade show and after waiting in line, a woman stepped right in front of me and placed her order. When I acknowledged it, the barista just shrugged and ignored me. Then she gave my order to someone else, when that customer realized it she gave it back to the barista who put it behind the counter. I continued to wait for my coffee while the three baristas stood there chatting and when I finally spoke up they asked what the order was. I told them and the original barista said "oh, this is yours" about the coffee she took back from the previous customer   The other barista asked if the woman had taken a sip or if she should make a new one and the barista said "Nope, it's fine. Just give it to her." And went back to chatting. As I was already late, I took it and left. Kinda wish I had waited to tip until my order was complete.~coffee coffee coffee 
Well it's closed now folks!  What a great loss to the community.  Tango Cafe was more than just a good cup of Joe. Liliana Petruy started the business shortly after she emigrated from Argentina.  As the TribLive says, "She let local artists display their work on her walls. She scheduled regular live musical performances. She gave Spanish lessons and dance instruction, including, of course, the tango."  Petruy has since moved back to Argentina.    Rick and I stopped in here a couple of times and I for one will miss the terrific flan.  Fortunately for us, there are still a few independently run coffee houses and a few locally owned chains.  Patronize those, folks.  They help keep our world from becoming a McWalBucks!~coffee 
Stopped here with boyfriend for some dessert. Great stuff!! We got a few different things... all yummy. I can't remember what the chocolate cookie was called but it had dulce de leche in the middle and was wonderful!!~dulce de leche 
5 star desserts and coffee. And check out those hours on the website! They actually stay open late enough to serve the Squirrel Hill Theater movie crowd.  Fresh, delicious cookies and such (oh, Alfajores!), tasty sandwiches on great bread and even an informative binder about the food and beverages and where they come from and why it all tastes so good.    So, for the love of all that is tasty and good, do NOT go to Starbucks. Try something new, become a regular.  Note: the hot chocolate is not great. That's sad. Hence the 4 stars.~coffee. cookies 
Another great foodie moment in Pittsburgh. We just wanted to stop driving and grab a coffee and took the first exit we saw. Actually I lie because my wife was glued to her iphone trying to find a good place to stop. But I'd like to think we stumbled upon this place because this is the kind of shop that you tell you friends about. "oh so we were in Pittsburgh the other day and found this awesome Argentinean coffee house that served an extraordinary, flavorful, thick and rich hot chocolate... right accross from a Starbucks"  The flan is how all flans should be made, and has that unmistakable flavor. Great times.  The service is a little slow but the owner is all by herself. Who cares, she's very friendly.~coffee coffee 
Had some great beef empanadas here.  Probably the best I've had in the Burgh for sure.  However, don't expect them to be deep fried and super crispy, like say, what is customary in Puerto Rico (yes I know Tango is Argentinean).  Also, had the mocha latte here, and it was just OK.  Nothing fantastic and definitely not bad.  I will definitely be coming back though for some tasty empanadas!~beef 
My boyfriend and I took the day off work to enjoy the warm, sunny weather.  On the way back from washing the car, we passed the Tango Cafe and decided it was high time we got some empanadas.  They run about $2.25 each, I think.  I also got a "fruit ice" which is canned fruit blended with ice.  It took the woman a few minutes to get it all together, but I would much rather wait a few minutes than have her just grab food that's been sitting under a heat lamp!  it's cash only, so keep that in mind.  Clearly she was the owner, the only employee in the whole place.  She was quiet but friendly.  My fruit ice (I got the peach kind) was refreshing as advertised, but simple.  It literally tasted like canned peaches blended with ice, but since that's exactly what fruit ice is made of, I expected and enjoyed it.  They also offer fruit smoothies if you want something that presumably tastes fresher.  We took our snacks home, and dug in.  We got four for two of us which I think is a good snack size.  The empanadas are quite small - maybe 4-5 bites each - if you wanted lunch, you might want 4 for yourself.  We tried the beef, the sausage, the chicken, and the spinach.  All were quite good - the crust looked and tasted unquestionably homemade.  They were hot and still a little shiny from the fryer.  The beef was my favorite - well seasoned, with a hint of olive flavor.  The chicken tasted very fresh.  The spinach was nice since it added a relatively healthy snack to the mix.  All of them were very good little bites.  Please come for a snack, and support a  local business.  Sounds like the coffee and pastries are really special - we didn't try either this time - so I will no doubt be back for more!~peach smoothies beef, sausage, chicken, spinach. beef olive chicken spinach coffee pastries 
What's not to like? It's never crowded, the coffee is fresh and tasty, and the empanadas are fantastic! (I prefer the sausage ones, but the chicken and the rest are quite tasty as well.) I like coming here while people are being tutored in Spanish; it provides the most pleasant background noise.~coffee sausage chicken 
To be able to drink a chocolate bar dunked in hot milk is just divine.  Their authentic drinks and sweets really hit the spot. It is a small but cozy location and they have some very interesting groups that congregate there, including a knitting group and Spanish lessons.  This is a wonderful Argentinian family-owned cafe that everyone should try at least once.~milk 
I've been so busy, I haven't had time to review any of the things I've tried recently. GNC isn't really the most exciting thing to review, but for me it is currently a life saver!   I had gastric bypass at the end of July, and finding a protein shake and the right vitamins has been a nightmare. Everything is gross, protein shakes are thick and chalky, and nothing settles well in my stomach that was already sensitive before surgery.  I walked in confused and desperate. A salesperson jumped right in and listened to me babble during a low-blood sugar attack. They helped me find a protein that would meet all of my needs, provide me with energy, was affordable - and most importantly - wouldn't taste like some kind of rotting thing.   I was skeptical though, because they are supposed to sell overpriced supplements that you don't need, right? Well, they have never treated me that way, and I'm grateful because I am poor and hungry. Not even kidding.  I came home with my 1.33lb bag of GNC Amplified 60 protein. It's supposed to be super clean, super tasty, etc. I mixed with my almond milk, still dubious, and took a sip. It mixed beautifully without getting clumpy and chalky. Every last bit of powder was blended perfectly by my blender bottle. The flavor is totally enjoyable, and it didn't upset my stomach. The salesperson did not do me wrong.   I went back today to replace what I ran out of, and I was thrilled to find a pumpkin spice powder by the same brand. PUMPKIN SPICE PROTEIN POWDER! I am beyond thrilled with this location. They answer all of my annoying questions, they don't rush me, they encourage me to continue weight lifting, on and on. I highly recommend coming here if you have some tricky health issues that need supplements. They aren't doctors or nurses, but they do know what their products contain and which ones taste good!~almond milk, pumpkin pumpkin 
I don't frequent GNC often and when I'm there I am normally trying to get in, get a smoothie an get out,  The staff behind the registers are way to into themselves and can't even break off their own conversations to acknowledge a customer.   The smoothies are great , but the customer interaction could be better.~smoothie smoothies 
Oh, GNC. I can't seem to stay away!  Great store with not the greatest parking situation downtown. But they have a SMOOTHIE BAR! Helpful and friendly staff, free samples, great selection and a FREAKING SMOOTHIE BAR! Get the peanut butter surprise with the chocolate soy milk and chocolate protein powder added. Combined with a frozen banana it's crazy good and filling! And 32oz is only 325 calories. Great for lunch! Why don't all GNC locations have smoothies?!?!~smoothie smoothie butter milk banana smoothies? 
Really good experience here today.   Not sure if they just opened the smoothie bar back up @ this location but I was pleased to see a nice shiny smoothie menu upon my arrival. I was a total moron looking at all the choices and took forever and a day to order, but the gal behind the counter was super helpful & patient and recommended probably the best banana pb smoothie I have ever had- with vanilla soy milk. I even got a compliment on my hairstyle for the day (it was actually clean, due to a downtown job interview!) So, I will be back.~smoothie smoothie banana smoothie milk. 
Oh GNC Smoothie....you totally lost your allure.  You lost me when you closed the smoothie bar at the waterfront where I was able to get my afternoon treat when I worked down there or was shopping.  You lost me when you closed all your smoothie bars in ALL GNC shops.  Every. Single. One.   You lost me when I went to the absolute last one on god's grean earth in downtown Pittsburgh BENEATH your corporate headquarters and you made me wait for 25 minutes for my ultimate smoothie, the peaches and scream.    After 25 minutes the first sip tasted good, but not what I remembered.    I'm done witchu.  Bye!~smoothie.... smoothie smoothie smoothie, 
Sidenote- I was in town for a bachelorette party ( I grew up in Cleveland)   This place gets to be a bit ridiculous. I get that things are for "personal" use... but for the ridiculous price they cost, they should work. We bought $150 worth of merchandise for a bachelorette party. One of the things was a pack of penis balloons for $9. When we opened them and tried blowing them up for a game, they wouldn't blow up, and the one or two that did either exploded or just looked like a ball, it wouldn't fill out to look like a penis. And when they blew up you could tell from all the white lines and "stars" that they were really old balloons. So my sister called them to ask if she could return them because they were defective... and the response was she could have a 25% off coupon that doesn't expire. Gee...thanks... That really solved the problem of the defective product. I could understand if I bought something personal and tried it out and didn't like it... but i bought $9 worth of balloons that ruined our game. I will never go here again for the mere fact that you don't reimburse defective products, regardless of the price.  However, I will say, the staff was very fun and made us laugh! That was the ONLY positive experience about this over priced place...~white 
I love (nearly) anything sweet so I would much rather sneak in some caramel popcorn from Kernels than to have plain ol' butter popcorn at the movie theatre. (Not that any of us would ever sneak in outside food to the movies....)   Plus, they always seem to have some sort of deal -- buy 2, get the 3rd free, or buy 1, get the 2nd at half off -- that it's just so hard to resist!   Can do the usual bag sizes, but they have a few larger options in tins (similar to the sizes found in pharmaprix during the holidays) that make good gifts/snacks at a party.   And, if you really must... You can google the company and see the nutritional information online. Surprisingly not as bad for you as you may think!~caramel popcorn butter popcorn 
I'm a huge fan of popcorn so this is definitely one of my favourite snack places. They have all kinds of flavours and packages. It's a really great place.   Obviously it is expensive because it's the only place of its kind. But worth it because it's delicious!~popcorn 
This Kernels is located right in the middle of the Eaton Center food court.  I absolutely love their popcorn! It's the best I've ever tasted with the widest selection of flavors. You'll see their popcorn on display through the glass window of the stand where all the flavors are also listed. So many choices, from extra butter, cheddar cheese, white cheddar, jalapeno, ketchup, caramel... etc - If you're not sure what you want, you can always ask for a little sample!  My favorite is the white cheddar, and it's the kind of delicious cheesy flavor that I just can't put down. Whenever I'm eating a bag, I develop this automatic hand-to-mouth motion until it's nearly all gone!  Kernels popcorn seasonings can also be purchased on site or in grocery stores. One thing I'm a little confused about is the use of monosodium glutamate which is found in most of their popcorn sold in store, however the bottles you buy are labelled MSG free. Perhaps they have different recipes... For flavor and ingredient info: http://www.kernelspopcorn.com/pdf/allergen.pdf  Prices are what keep me in control and prevent me from getting a bag whenever I'm at the mall, because they're not cheap! A small bag of popcorn is around 5$ and the larger bags are close to 10$. Prices vary depending on flavor.  They have a discount if you buy 2 bags, the 3rd is free.  The other slight drawback is the fact that this Montreal location does not take part in special "flavor of the month" featured on their official Facebook page. Other locations across Canada offer new, experimental flavors like "Mac and cheese" although when I inquired about it, staff was unaware.  Still very recommended, Kernels is far superior to movie theater popcorn, store bought stuff or anything you make at home.~popcorn! popcorn butter, cheese, white jalapeno, caramel... white popcorn popcorn popcorn mac and cheese 
I gave it 1 star only because I could not give it less!!! The owner must have owned the land behind Rita's and decided to try and make some money with the land.  The worst course in the burg and we travel to all of them. You should have executive the land first! Your landscapers ( I would not higher you if this is an example of your work) too many 90 degree angle holes, not enough interesting holes. On top of that the greens follow the lay of the land instead of a proper green.  Your employee on this night could not be bothered with the customer. We pulled on the door to return the clubs and found a rope holding the door shut. He tied a rope on the trailer to keep the door locked. Your open for business but you trying to keep customers out? $5.00 not worth it absolutely no fun!!!!!! Tried it once will not be back..~greens 
The only reason I gave it a 3 was because the cook obviously knows how to cook sunny eggs properly.  The wait staff was not to enthusiastic.  The slogan is, "we reserve the right not to smile before 11am".  And, they abide by this rule.  Very few people in the place and it took forever to get offered more coffee.  I think they were more interested in chatting up friends.  Anyway, would have rated higher because the food was good; wait staff needs work. And, it was like 80 degrees on the place. Weak! And, cost more than other places.~coffee. 
We had the jack broccoli omelette and the club sandwich. Pretty good club actually. The omelette was a bit overdone but the broccoli was very fresh. Diner coffee was nothing special. I think the open concept was a bit off putting. Felt like a cafeteria in Eastern Europe. Not bad if you are hungry and really want something but there are other better spots in Whitby.~broccoli sandwich. broccoli coffee 
Daybreak has had a makeover! It's now bright yellow and has a half wall down the middle, so it's not so open.  It still has the same great menu and same great prices. I've had a lot of items off this menu and I've never been disappointed. Portions are decent and the food is always fresh and hot. The only item on the menu that needs more are the fruit crepes. It's not quite enough on its own.   They offer 2 kinds of homefries, deep-fried or grilled...grilled is the way to go! The coffee is ok.   Service is always good, pretty consistent. We'll be back!~coffee 
Solid place to eat breakfast if you tell them exactly how to cook everything. For example: scrambled eggs well done, bacon crispy but not burnt, hash browns fried well but not burnt, and toast actually toasted with butter.  Actually order exactly what you expect to get. This'll ensure you get the good you want for the price you want.~bacon butter. 
I don't know which was worst, the food or the service. The Broccoli Jack Omelette was bland and tasteless, home fries were half cooked and worst Souvlaki ever! soft drinks were served in cans or plastic bottles.~broccoli fries 
In general this ground floor self-serve joint is barely decent. Their bagels are always stale, several of their staff are extremely slow, and their buffet table/salad bar is extremely over priced.  Their hot foods mostly taste bland.  Better options are Kitchen Table over at "The Atrium" on Bay and Dundas, or for salads next door at Sushi and Salad which has far better quality food, service and value.~salads sushi salad 
Located on the bottom floor of the court house, this little breakfast/lunch spot is convenient, if nothing else!  There's a buffet style hot lunch and salad bar, as well as a window where you can get a freshly made sandwich. Great little spot for breakfast or lunch on the go. They've also got fruit, instant oatmeal and some other healthy snacks in addition to brownies and other treats.  and they take credit cards, yay!~salad sandwich. instant 
Located on the main level of 393 University Ave  Its main attraction is the self serve hot and cold buffet.  You pay by the weight. Food selection varies daily. The last time I had a stew consisting of potatoes and beef and side of sweet potatoes. It tasted good and was kept warm.   They also have a sandwich bar and a self/serve coffee tea area too.   One deal I'd highlight is the muffins. They are twice the normal size and only $1.25!  Good for breakfast on the go. ;)~beef potatoes. sandwich coffee tea 
Very convenient, fast quick and fresh.  At breakfast, lots of choices on the buffet - fruit, yogurt, cereal, eggs, bacon, ham, potatoes, muffins, scones, pastries, croissants... Also do cooked to order breakfast sandwiches and wraps.~bacon, potatoes, pastries, wraps. 
Mumtaz Mahal is the kind of takeaway joint that tries to please everyone, offering a combination of curries and Indian specialities such as pakora or the super-sweet gulab jamun, as well as standard fast-food offerings such as pizza and burgers.  I guess their hope is that offering such a wide range wiil entice in anyone heading home to Leith after a night out in town, whatever they're after.  All I've tried here is their veggie samosas, and to be honest, I asked for chilli sauce on them, with the result that all I could taste was chilli sauce, leaving me unable to comment in much detail about the subtlety of flavour in the actual samosas!  But there are times when having something simple, hot and spicy can be very satisfying, and, if you're in that kind of mood, Mumtaz Mahal will provide you with what you want cheaply and quickly.~pizza burgers. 
My family and I were looking for a place to get a kebab and, eager to get out of the rain, we spotted this place. I got some chicken pakora and a chicken tikka starter as my meal which was fairly average. The rest of my family got kebabs which were pretty rubbish for what you were paying. Very small, very little meat and nothing short of what you could get at the supermarket. To add insult to injury, they had asked for the kebab with nan bread but the guy behind the till did not realize that (we think his English wasn't so great). I can only say we've had better kebabs in Edinburgh for much less money. It's a shame we didn't just go for the set meals for 2 (which we only noticed half way into the meal) as that would probably have been better. A disappointing and frustrating experience sadly and I tried so hard to enjoy it.~chicken chicken 
This was my first experience using movers - prior to this move I'd successfully moved to nine apartments with the help of friends and pizza parties - so I have little to compare it to.   When three friends helped me move the same amount of stuff to my last apartment, the move took 2.5 hours. With two moving professionals it took 3.5 hours plus thirty minutes' travel time to the new place. I was anticipating that it'd take less than three hours and would cost about $250 but it ended up costing $400 plus tip. I still haven't figured out the math but that seems like a lot more than I was quoted. Whatever - at least I didn't have to lift a box, right?  The movers were almost half an hour late but luckily I wasn't in a rush to get out of my current place or into my new one. The two guys, Nathan and Jordan, were very friendly and professional and had done many, many moves before this one.   I'm pretty sure part of the reason the move took so long was because they wrapped so much of stuff in blankets and bubble - a lot of it unnecessarily. The instructions that I gave were basic - nothing was really fragile and certainly nothing was antique or vintage. Just throw it in the truck and let's go. At one point I saw one of the guys wrapping my shitty 1980s 19" TV as if it was a rare Faberge Egg - this is the same TV that I couldn't shake on Craigslist for $20.  They didn't bring the standing wardrobes as advertised and also requested - because of this I had to wrap my hanging clothes in garbage bags at the last minute and most of them barely it into my new closet intact - everything kept falling off the hangers and onto the floor. Needless to say this was a huge nuisance. I was most looking forward to seeing this marvel of moving.  The movers aren't insured to bring you to your new apartment as a passenger in their truck, so if like most people in the city you don't have access to a car, be prepared to take a cab or beg a friend (my method) to drive you to your new apartment. I didn't know about this rule so luckily a friend was able to pull through at the last minute. If the moving company beats you there they won't get started till you arrive so it's worth it to leave a little earlier than they do.   Nothing was broken or damaged and I was overall happy with the move - just wish it had taken less time and not been so pricey. Be prepared to spend more than you had anticipated and you'll be OK.   Also, try to have water or some other beverage handy for the movers - they were sweating up a storm and it was 30C outside (and probably in my apartment as I'd already turned off the A/C), and I had packed all my glasses and had nothing to drink. So think ahead on this one!  Payment by cash or cheque (tip only by cash).~pizza egg - 
Next to the Esso station, atop a little Montreal-staircase, the "herbs' ankle boot" as it is called, is a little wonderland of leaves, teas, tinctures, home-made soaps and the like. It IS really little, teeny-tiny little. You have to zigzag carefully between the pots, and jars to find what you want but chances are their friendly staff has already offered their help by now. Their selection is huge, and they usually recommend stuff I've never even heard of, but always on point. For your DIY needs, they have recipients and jars specially designed if you want to go all-natural and make your own medicine or beauty products.  If making your own tea for whatever ailment you may have doesn't tickle your fancy, you might dig their courses: they have anything from recognizing the herbs around you, to curing your pets using plants, I recently I noticed they offered "how to make your own lipbalm"!   You don't need to be sick to appreciate all the goodness they have there: they have a lovely selection of organic beauty products from Quebec including shampoo, moisturizer, scrubs, bath salts etc..  That or a simple freshly-made chai tea brew wins me over every time...~tea tea 
I am visiting Toronto for a few weeks and my long hair was starting to bother me in the summer heat so I decided to take the chance and try a barber abroad.  Overall, it was great! My only complaint was that I got a blocked nape instead of a tapered nape, but it was partially my fault for not asking, I'm just used to every barber opting for a tapered nape. I've read that blocked napes are supposed to make your neck look thicker, so Dominic (the barber) must have thought I had a chicken neck (joking)! Besides that, Dominic took off so much weight and my cut looked exactly as I wanted it and he worked with my hair the way it was. I also came on a Monday and it was convenient that it was open at that time when most barber shops are closed or have limited hours.    For $30($5 tip) it was worth it, might shop around next time though but I would not hesitate to come back here again if I had to.~chicken 
Um Hamburgern und Pommes zu entgehen, ist es auch in Toronto empfehlenswert sich nach einer Alternative umzuschauen. Chinatown ist nur einen Spaziergang vom Sutton Place Hotel entfernt und bevor wir unseren Leihwagen übernehmen, wollen wir uns hier erst einmal stärken.  Etwas wuselig, wie in asiatischen Städten geht es auch hier zu. Wo kommen bloß plötzlich so viele Asiaten her?  Ein ansprechendes Chinarestaurant ist schnell gefunden. Fast ausschließlich Gäste aus den fernöstlichen Ländern sind hier anzutreffen. Ein gutes Zeichen, es ist vollbesetzt zur Mittagszeit, die Angestellten fahren mit kleinen Servierwagen zu den Tischen und bieten aus kleinen Körbchen leckere Spezialitäten an. Tee wird serviert, an den einsehbaren Küchenwänden baumeln lackierte Enten und warten darauf verzehrt zu werden. Wir probieren einmal quer Beet, es schmeckt schon zum Teil ein wenig gewöhnungsbedürftig, zumindest anders als bei unserem Stammchinesen in old Germany.~beet, 
To my mind, Toronto has one of the best China Towns of any city, in fact better than the more noted ones of Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco or that of Sydney, Australia. It's easy to get around and besides just simply being nothing but Chinese, also has areas of Korean, Malaysian as well as a surprisingly large area of ethnic Portuguese enclave. So when touring the area you are easily able to explore other ethnic areas as well.  Toronto's China Town offers shopping bargains galore, all sorts of markets loaded with varying goods include some of the most exotic of fruits and vegetables and the best of what are real authentic Chinese restaurants with hardly any of them including those cheap American New York styled Chinese crap such as General Tao's Chicken. Yuck!   Better yet, the neighborhoods have greatly improved over the years, now having become rather upscale due to the relocation of many of the locals brought about by the gentrification of the former hippie areas of Yorkville or formerly impoverished areas of what is known as Cabbagetown.~chicken. 
Ahhhhhh LC, how I love you for so many reasons!!! The cheesy bread here is friggin amazing. It really is hit and miss for most people. You either love it or you don't.   Personally, in my opinion, you can't compare this pizza chain to any other. It's one in its own. Walk in pizzas readily available for $5-8 bucks. Obviously they won't be as good or fresh as a freshly made pizza pulled out of the oven. BUT YOU COME HERE KNOWING THIISSSSSSS!!!   The pizza crust is the perfect firmness every time and the toppings are a-ok in my books. Absolutely love the cheese bread.   Not "authentic" pizza, not always the freshest (though you can wait and order a fresh one), but when in a hurry, when hungry and when you don't feel like spending $20 on a 3 topping medium, this place is your best friend!~pizza pizza pizza cheese bread. pizza 
Good quick pizzas!!  Always friendly staff! pizza is cooked consistently.  Can't beat the price for medium cheese pizza, and is always ready!!  Kids love it!  Lots of parking in plaza! In and out in a few minutes!! Fast!!~pizza cheese pizza 
Tried their deep dish pizza with 3 meats for $12.99. Love the crunchy outer crust.   On the menu I did not see a chicken pizza but I know I had it at another Little Caesar location. Ask the person at the counter for a chicken pizza and she said they will make it for me. It took about 7 minutes and it was done. Cost $8.50.   Before handing me my order she threw in an a bag of cheesy bread stick on the house. That was so nice of her. Probably their strategy to get future business and it works. I will be going back again when craving pizza.~pizza chicken pizza chicken pizza pizza 
I dont know how someone can write an entirely positive review and still give only a 3 stars. This place is amazeballs. The specials are cheaper than the elgin mills location that is closer to me. The cornmeal on the pizza bottom is soooooo guuuuuuuud. Wings are just delish, they toss it in sauce after theyre ready. The bacon honey mustard sauce is *high pitched voice* to diiiiieeee for. They are smaller wings but meat is always juicy and skin is flavourful. Marinara sauce is $1 and is a GENEROUS portion. Wait time is less than pizza pizza too. No seating, take out only.~pizza bacon honey pizza pizza 
I like going to this location. The staff is very friendly and they will always let me know how much time it will take for a pizza that's not ready ( I like hawaiian and it's not always ready).    It also does not take long to make them. The only inconvenient is that it can be hard to exit the plaza during rush hard.~pizza 
This is a food truck and they are pretty popular. They are not in the same place everyday so if you ever need to find them or want to know when they will be near you follow them on face book. That's what I do :) With new daily specials you really cant go wrong here. Oh and they are the tot kings. They bring tater tots to a whole new level. Loaded tots with creme, well just heavenly. Tater tots with chez wiz, chives, bacon, and sour cream. I forgot how much I loved tater tots as a kid. Now I can experience the adult version only Chef Street Bistro can give.  So if you happen to see this food truck  suggest stopping, even if you are not fully hungry. It will be well worth it, even if you only get the adult tater tots.~bacon, sour cream. 
At Triple C brewery before the ACC Championship game...this was the perfect pre-game dinner!! Absolutely loved the hot dog wrapped in bacon topped with pimiento cheese and grilled onions. Great idea putting it in a pretzel roll. All I can say is WOW!! The tots were amazing too!   Looking forward to meeting up again with Chef Street Bistro to try some of the other delicious looking items on the menu.~hot dog bacon cheese 
This is another great food truck you need to find.  They were at Triple C Brewery last Saturday.    Previously, I  talked to Johnathan about their Cubans I figured I give it a try. I have lived in Tampa, Fl in my past and I have I never really like a Cuban sandwich until I tried Johnathan's. The pork/ham mixed in the cheese pickles and other spices made for a great tasting sandwich that I will ask for again.   This Saturday, I came a little later and they were out of Cubans, so I got a Prime Rib with Au-juice. It was awesome with the caramelized onions, mushrooms and other seasonings.  Thanks for being at Triple C!~sandwich cheese pickles sandwich mushrooms 
A solid 3.5 . This is really tough because I LOVED their Buffalo Tater Tots, and I wish I had an entire basket of those bad boys. They were also very friendly folks   ...but  I also tried the Prime Rib Au Jus sandwich which was suppose to have melted swiss, onions, and mushrooms but I couldn't taste or detect any of the veggies or sadly even the cheese. All I could make out was chopped meat and it was dry. The Au jus it came with was tasty and did combat the dryness a litle bit, but I was really hoping for some melty cheesy-goodness.  I would give them another shot because those tots are pretty incredible, and based on all of the great ratings maybe they just had an off-day.~sandwich mushrooms cheese. 
I tried them on their first day and while they were still working the kinks out I could tell after I tasted the Prime Rib sandwich and Tots I knew that this would be a truck I'd be visiting for a long time. The food was great! The only thing I could say that wasn't was that the rolls would be a little better if they were the ones with the hard crust but the Prime Rib was incredible. Chef Street Bistro is worth the trip and the wait and while you're waiting you should check out how well the truck turned out. It's fantastic as well.~sandwich 
I had the chance to try this new food truck today at Triple C Brewery.  Love the combination of Prime Rib sandwiches and tater tots with various toppings.  The truck is really cool.  They have an awning they raise from the side of the truck so if it's bad weather you won't get wet.  Under the awning is LED lighting so you can see what you are doing also.  They even brought their own Apple wireless router.    The menu consists of various prime rib sandwiches from a a South Street Philly to a French to a classic.  Each sandwich comes with tots are your choosing, also with the similar toppings.  I ordered the Classic sandwich and French tots (I forget the exact name of them).   The tots were absolutely amazing.  They came covered in blue cheese with fried onions on top.  Best Tots in town!!!!   The sandwich was also good but the meat was cold when I sat down to eat it.  Also it was too much bread.  It would be nice if they added an option for a wrap in addition to the roll.  Overall, great idea for a food truck.  The flavors are fantastic.  I look forward to trying other options from this truck!~apple sandwich sandwich cheese sandwich 
Ran into these guys at Triple C brewery tonight after a photograph of the Shanghai Shrimp Po'Boy captured my attention. Excellent execution of the sweet and spicy Asian sauce with a nice complement of cabbage and peanuts. The tater tots were crispy and hot.  Great service and great food!~shrimp cabbage 
If you like blue cheese you have to try the frenchie! It's the most heavenly sandwich on earth. Second favorite is the Oscar, kind if reminds me of dinner and dessert at the same time... Both have amazing sauces and flavor. Tater tots are to die for. Definitely top your tots!!!! Low country!!! Amazing!~cheese sandwich 
These guys were parked outside of the Triple C Brewery today. The aroma going in definitely caught my attention as did the words prime rib sandwich, buffalo chicken eggrolls and tater tots. Even though it was a real scorcher today I sucked it up and got my grub on. Apparently they change the menu now and then to keep selection fresh. I settled on the "What's up dog?"; a large hotdog wrapped in bacon, served on a pretzel bun with caramelized onions and zesty, chunky style/grainy Dijon mustard. What a combo! Went really well with a Nowhere Porter. Nice job guys!!!!!~sandwich, chicken bacon, 
I went to this food truck gem a few days ago. The steak and egg was amazing. They also have some of of the best tater tots I have had in awhile.  I wish this place was a stand alone restaurant.  GREAT FOOD!~steak egg 
Photo radar doesn't care who you are.  You speed through it, and, Bam!  You're the proud recipient of a slightly blurry but [damn it!] clear enough candid portrait with a pricetag of $165 plus points on your license.  Unless, that is... you attend traffic school.  This, ladies and gentlemen, is how I found myself with 50+ other unfortunate drivers and a former adjunct professor/wanna be stand-up comic in a Holiday Inn conference room with a legal capacity of 35.    Having to go traffic safety school: 0 stars + the desire to re-do my drive down Rural going the speed limit. Getting to go to traffic safety school instead of getting points on your license: 5 stars. Instructor who tries his darndest to make it interesting: 5 stars.  Online registration at AZCCTS.com was easy, there were several open classes before my court date, and when I showed up they had me on their list.  The instructor genuinely tried to entertain and enlighten us with his endless supply of anecdotes, illustrations, and attempts to toss the used illustrations in the garbage can, without ever actually making a basket.  People: If you love to entertain but can't seem to find a captive audience, consider applying to teach traffic school.    I attended the course in Chandler at the Holiday Inn Express at the I-10 and Chandler Blvd.  WIth one individual bathroom for men and one for women, a broken vending machine, and serious over-crowding in the 'classroom' there is some room for improvement in terms of the accommodations.  But - isn't there always a silver lining? - when I asked the front desk about the broken vending machine, I was told I could partake of the free continental breakfast and sampled a suprisingly delicious cinnamon roll from under a heat lamp.  That s*** was good.  All in all I recommend this course to whoever needs it.  It's not so bad...~date, 
This place makes my favorite butter curry of any Indian restaurant I've ever visited!  I'm don't live in Montreal, but the last time I was there I even flew some of the food home in my luggage.  It's definitely worth stopping by if you are in the area.~butter 
Lamb Balti had big hunks of tomato, onion, and green pepper - the lamb was OK (not fatty) but lacked texture.  The peas in the mattar paneer were shriveled.   A tasteless meal - the chapati was the best thing but even here you should hope to find better,~lamb tomato, onion, lamb peas paneer 
I would like to move in here please...  ...I promise I will look after all the gorgeous clothes and, if I try them on, I promise to hang them all back up where they just look so lovely!  I promise to wholeheartedly appreciate the design of the store and all the original artwork, photography and sculpture that's displayed so marvellously!  I promise to drink tea from the gorgeous, hand-painted cups and juice from the chunky and wholesome Mexican recycled glass glasses!  I promise to bake cupcakes and tasty stews in all the pretty, and functional, ceramic dishes and bake-ware...and then serve it on plates decorated with furry animals and blossom trees!  I promise to read all the interesting books lying around whilst lounging on the comfy looking sofas and bed in the downstairs area...and I'll even put them back in the right place and straighten the gorgeous throw that I know Jen wants so much!   I promise to look after the sparkly, pretty jewellery and wonderful bags that are in the accessories section ...and wear them to the best of my abilities!  I promise that when I win the lottery you will be top of my list for the glorious spending spree that will ensue...  ...can I move in here please? : )~tea cupcakes 
When word spread that Anthropologie were opening in Edinburgh, all of my American friends (who had the pleasure of shopping there across the waters previously) told me I was going to *love* it. All of them. Individually. They actually said "Jenny, you are going to love it." They also warned me that it would cost a pretty penny.  Correct on all fronts.  It was perhaps for this reason I had totally and utterly ignored it until recently. It opened a wee while ago but I just never went out of my way to go. But now I've been in I can't help but imagining my life with more Anthropologie in it.   A beautiful quilted duvet in mist-matched Indian fabrics on my bed perhaps? With the cutest porcelain drawer-handles to replace the old ones on my desk drawers? And the delicious smell of vanilla candles to compliment the equally vanilla perfume on my dressing table? And a beauteous mug full of fresh lemon and ginger tea on the desk, sitting beside the completely unique and individual hand-made leather-bound notebook, containing all the notes for my latest upcoming novel. And beside the gorgeous cup and beautiful notebook, a mismatching (yet so mismatching it matches) china plate that I made using the most stunning yet still practical of kitchen utensils (like a pink spatula, floral bowl, hand-carved wooden spoon) spread with a layer of butter from the pottery butter jar.  You get the picture. My life with Anthropologie in it would be look better, smell better, taste better, be better (and I would be an author on the side, FYI) -in the most fabulously earthy, boho hippy chic-meets-Betty-crocker type way. It's just...me...in a store.  Sadly, my wallet and pennies do not afford me the luxury of living in a home that looks as if it just happened to all fall together like that in the most mismatching and ear-worn of ways. (That Indian-material quilted duvet? Close to £300). If you could kit your home out in Anthropologie it would look effortlessly cool. Like even cooler than Monica's apartment in Friends (cos that was so at least 10 years ago...God I'm old.)  They also have clothes. And accesories. And fashion things. An amazing hat that I wanted. And the cutest little aardvark toy. See, all pointless things I don't need but that my life now feels imcomplete without. The clothes aren't quite so *me* but the homewares...ohyes.~lemon ginger tea butter butter 
She and I, we have a strange friendship. She invites me into her home on occasion - she never comes to mine. Each time, I am quietened. For example, I will pick up a cushion, and she will casually mention its value. I'll quickly replace it, blushing. "Sorry," I say. "I'm just... it's really pretty."  She smiles - laughs actually - not a tinkling, vanishing laugh, but a proper laugh full of sparkle and fun. "It's fine," she says, with a wink. But I've put the cushion back too straight. This is not a house of straightness. As she bends to re-skew it, back to the perfect angle, just so, I notice the way her dress falls. It's elegant. It's quirky. It's colourful. Oh, for a dress like that.  The coffee table is laden with enormous books: Berlin. Photography. Seasonal Pies. Spaces... Spaces? They're beautiful, and they don't look like they've ever been opened. They are there to be on the table. The table, likewise, is there to bear their unread weight. A candle in a tin, too, wide, with three wicks, which have never been lit; a fresh, fruity aroma hovers around it all the same.  I turn to comment on the beautiful smell but she's pulling on a patchwork apron over her beautiful dress. It messes up her hair a little bit, improves it somehow. "Let's make a cake!" she laughs - that laugh again - and pulls me out into the hall by my arm, starting to make for the kitchen. I wonder vaguely if she ought not to perhaps try making one of the Seasonal Pies instead. I nearly trip over a padded fabric doorstop on my way out, a paisley and polka-dot letter "A". Ah. Her name stops doors from closing. Of course.  "I'm - I'm sorry," I stammer, un-straightening the A, checking it for a mark where I've kicked it. No. Thank goodness. "Actually, I - I have to be heading off again pretty soon." I seem in danger of knocking everything, and yet there's so much room here. Spaces.  "But you never stay!" she cries, with a playful pout. "I've got these pecans to use up, you know..."  "No, really, sorry, I know, ha. Um." I shrug. I'm trying now not to be standing on the rug. Has anyone ever stood on this rug? She probably stands slightly above it.  "Oh, spoilsport," she grins. "Ok, off you go then. See you next time, Cressida!"  "Thanks. Bye. Thanks. Bye, Anthropologie."  She waves to me from the door, an embroidered oven glove on her hand, as I walk out into the street, holding nothing in mine. Already I regret leaving - already I want to go back in - already I will visit her again. I turn to wave back, but the door has closed.~coffee cake! 
Way better than Sweetie Peas!!  I love this place! Great service!  My favorite is the Hawaiian Sherbet!  I can't find it any other place !!~peas! 
Before trying Froyona I had never had frozen yogurt before and since then I've spent a considerable amount of time mourning those lost years. This place caught my attention because I was driving by and there was a line!  You've got the standard flavors like vanilla and chocolate and then you've got flavors like root beer float, cake batter, cookies n' cream. What's really cool is that the flavors don't stay the same, almost every time I go in there are different flavors and they offer samples.   Now, let's get to the toppings! There are several different sauces to choose from like caramel, hot fudge and butterscotch. Just a few of the toppings are brownie bites, cream cheese bites, reese's pieces, m & m's, frosted animal cookies, white chocolate, dark chocolate. There must be at least thirty different topping and they are all delicious! The shop itself is really nice too with comfortable chairs, natural lighting and the staff are helpful and polite.  The ONLY reason I didn't give this place five stars is the serving sizes. There is only huge and ginormous. I'm sure this has to do with the fact that this stuff is sold by weight so they encourage you to indulge. Usually, I do, and then I kick myself for putting to much in my cup. I've gotten pretty good at keeping tabs on how much I'm putting in it but those cups fill up fast and if your not careful you will dread that scale. My total usually tallies around $12 and that's for me and my son (don't just assume it was for me...). I wish they had a smaller cup for when I want to have just a taste and I won't have to worry about packing on the pounds on either scale....~frozen yogurt cake cookies caramel, cheese cookies, white 
I hope they never get rid of the Yellow Cake Batter yogurt because it is heaven! This establishment is really clean and I love the presentation of their toppings. There are more toppings to choose from at Froyona than at Sweetie Peaz and Yogurt Jungle. I also like that they do the reward program and your 10th yogurt is free! You don't have to use those stupid punch cards either they use your phone number. I am now a die hard loyal pregnant fan of Froyona.~cake 
Really enjoy the store.  Temperature of the yogurt is colder than some of the yogurt stores I have frequented.  As I must watch my sugar intake,  I think they don't have a selection of sugar-free flavors.  I don't care for S-F  strawberry-banana, as it tastes too sweet.  Would love to see S-F cookies and cream, chocolate or tart vanilla.  Would then rate the store 5-Stars.~banana, cookies 
Thank you JESUS! Finally there's a place where I can score a strawberry milk tea with boba!! There's also slushies and smoothies.  Oh, and the frozen yogurts really good too.  My daughter and husband had the frozen yogurt and said it was great.  TONS of toppings too!  We used to go to Sweetie Peaz but the owner went a bit cray cray and it was uncomfortable to go there but thankfully I've found a fabulous replacement.  On my way back for another milk tea....~milk tea smoothies. frozen yogurt milk tea.... 
Excellent flavors and great toppings. Yellow cake batter and see salted caramel are the best! Very friendly staff. It's our go to place!~cake caramel 
They've recently added TONS of flavors, teas, smoothies, frozen espresso drinks, etc. Definitely worth stopping by. I wasn't too fond of them at first, but with the expansion, they're worth a visit!~smoothies, 
This place is now called YoBoba if I read the sign correctly.  I am super excited to have a Boba tea house by me. The boba is awesome!!!!!! Just like the place I always go to in chandler and now I don't need to make the drive.  Super excited to go back.   I did ask if the place was under new management and if is. A new owner.  He was super friendly and the place is as clean as it was before.    Boba and frozen yogurt.  Heaven!~tea frozen yogurt. 
You know, Starbucks gets a bit of a bad rap and I have to say that this particular Starbucks certainly does not deserve it. I was very excited when it opened just down the road from where I work. After all, the drive to coffee was pretty long.   Here they do things right. The staff is knowledgable and friendly and they make good lattés. I'm not a fan of the fancy drinks. Just give me my espresso and steamed milk. Now, the thing about such sime tastes is that when a barista messes the drink up, there's nowhere to hide. There are only two ingredients after all. I have had some pretty nasty lattés in my time, but never from here.   So, if you're far from the city and up in Oak Ridges, stop by this Starbucks for a lattè. I'm certain you will be perfectly happy...unless, of course, you don't like coffee.~coffee milk. coffee. 
Dirty coffee mugs with coffee strains at the rim really turned me off!  I have to give credit for the Starbucks for the placement of the electric outlets. There are really 3 different sets around the stores and spread out quite nicely. The chance of getting a table near a plug is quite good!  The nice armchair in the front of the store is a great place to lounge and take a breather...  But those coffee mugs!! Just gross me out!~coffee coffee coffee 
Had the Spanish Omelet and coffee here. The omelet was very good, I liked the flavor of the chorizo and the thin egg wrapper. The coffee was also great, bold and fresh. It also came with a guava pastry which was good, but not as flaky and airy as I had hoped. Nonetheless, paid less than eight bucks and could have saved more if I knew that UNLV students and faculty got a 20% discount.~coffee egg coffee guava 
We tried the medianoche, guava pastry, cortadito and empanadas ... they were good, good, good and very good, respectively.  Their selection of pastry was limited. I still think Roly's is worth trying because of the good service, cleanliness , and decent taste of food. We will be going back to try some more from their menu.  My reason for 3 stars - frankly, the best Cuban pastry&sandwich I've tried was in So Cal, Glendale at Porto's bakery and that has been my standard to beat. They have some of the best Cuban  pastry&sandwich (at least from the places I've tried).    Until I find something better than Roly's in Las Vegas, I guess this place will do.~guava 
I tried some of Roly's items at a birthday party and I wanted to return. I was mainly in search of the fish croquettes which were like a creamy fish stick. These are so good and I am glad I went. I tried some pineapple coconut cake which was outstanding. Some many more items to try I can't wait to go back, the Cuban sandwich on the menu was calling my name.~pineapple coconut cake sandwich 
¡Azúcar! Is this the only Cuban bakery in Las Vegas? The sign advertises that they are "like Porto's," where I've never been, but I understand is the west coast standard for Cuban bakeries. I also know that Porto's is approximately the size of the entire island of Cuba, which Roly's certainly is not. I'm from south Florida, where there's a lot more variety and competition for this style of bakery, but I can report that I'm very pleased to have Roly's here in Vegas.  My first visit (I was driving east on Tropicana and made a right turn with no notice when I saw a sign that said "cuban coffee"), I started with my standard order: cafe con leche and a guava-cheese turnover. The turnover was good, but did not fully meet my expectations (a bit dry? not enough cream cheese?), and I was disappointed when my cuban espresso with steamed milk was served unsweetened. In Florida, it is automatically assumed that you want sugar, or they will ask, already fully prepared to pour a full cup of sugar into the hot espresso. Only in Las Vegas, and a small Cuban cafe in Tucson, has my coffee left me wondering, where's my azúcar? Sure, I can sweeten it myself, but I don't enjoy the guilty feeling of dumping loads of sugar into my coffee cup. I could continue this rant, but instead I will note that I'm glad that I selected a slice of guava cake to take home, as it tasted fresh and moist and convinced me that Roly's deserved another visit.  The selections I tried on my second trip were better. I found a slice of the guava strudel more pleasing than the turnover with cream cheese from my first visit, and was introduced to the masareal de coco, two layers of dense, cookie-like cake sandwiched with a sweet coconut filling. I also love the tocinillo de cielo, a dense, yellow flan on top of a layer of sponge cake that helps soak up the caramel syrup. In addition to desserts, Roly's does have a menu of savory options. My husband has tried the traditional pressed sandwich, and said it was OK, but he doesn't have much Cuban sandwich experience for comparison. Having never sampled Cuban pizza, I ordered a veggie, which came topped with fresh spinach, onions, green bell peppers, cheese, and a sweet tomato sauce with a hint of cumin. The crust was more like a thick round of focaccia, so it was a very bready pizza. I'm glad to have tried it once, but probably would not order it again.  Prices are very fair at Roly's: many of the desserts are under $1. Breakfast specials are cheap and worth checking out. Empanadas and papa rellena (those little fried mashed potato balls with a ground beef filling that people seem to be so obsessed with) are also available. Plus, the place is usually packed with Cubans taking multiple boxes of pastries to go. You may wait a bit for counter service, but I think that's a good sign.~coffee" guava- cheese cheese? milk coffee coffee guava cake guava cheese cake coconut cake caramel sandwich, sandwich pizza spinach, bell cheese, tomato pizza potato beef pastries 
Had the Cuban sandwich. On a scale of 1-10,,about 7. Flan was a little disappointing..not above 5. I would not make this a destination, but if I needed a place to eat in the area I would return.~sandwich. 
For my last day in Vegas my boyfriend and I came here for breakfast. I ordered a veggie omelette, and it was ok. Not the best I've ever had. The pastries we got however were good, so I would suggest them.~pastries 
I was dragging during a midday slump and waiting for a friend to get out on his lunch break. Driving around the university, I spotted this bakery. I am always in search of a sweet pick me up.   Looking around, Roly's offer the usual goods and a full scale menu. If we did not have plans to go to a restaurant close by, I would have told him to meet me there. After the experience, I probably should have. Not wanting to completely gorge myself, I ordered a eclair. It is massive. For $2.75, this large pastry is nothing to complain about. The thin shell had a good bite and did not go soggy due to the cream custard filling. The chocolate dip was generous, but not too sweet. As I was paying, I saw large trays of tres leches for $10. I wished they had mini cups or single sized portions for sale. At least I know where I can get a party size tray for the next picnic UYE.  When you check in with Yelp this week, they offer a choice between a coconut or guava danish.~coconut guava 
Yummo!  Very good authentic Cuban sandwiches and pastries.  Fantastic breakfast and really liked that the omelet was not greasy.  It was so tasty, filling, and budget friendly as well.    It's hard to find Ironbeer and Materva unless you're at a Cuban place and it was so exciting to get some. Om nom nom.  Since we were driving back to LA we picked up some great pastries for the ride home.    They do compare themselves to Portos (they even have a sign out front that says it), however they are not Portos.  Don't expect the crazy lines (yay).  The selection of pastries is not as large but they are just as good!~pastries. pastries pastries 
Delicious sandwiches and pastries, surly staff. No greeting, no thank you. The girl behind the counter seemed very irritated that we were asking questions such as "does the sandwich come with mayo?" and "can we get it with no pickles?" (STILL got it with pickles). I know that working with the public is unpleasant a lot (if not most) of the times but when a customer is smiling and asking a question nicely, the least you could do is fake some niceness and not act as if we're inconveniencing you. We'll be back because the food is really good, and now we know not to expect too much politeness service-wise, but it'd be nice to be able to put in an order and not be made feel like a jerk.~pastries, sandwich pickles? pickles) 
We were dropping off friends at the airport and came across this little place and decided we needed breakfast. Found a very clean little bakery with very nice people working. I tried the Spanish Sausage (chorizo) Omelette, was great. Come with toasted fresh French bread. Wifey had the the Bacon and Eggs. Good also. Also had some kick ass Pastries. Would recommend.~sausage ( bacon pastries. 
Great little place for pastries! The lady that served us was very nice and explained the different dishes to us since we've never had Cuban food. Overall great food and service.~pastries! 
Went back here yesterday on my way out of Vegas and was excited to have some good breakfast.  I raved about this place to my dad and was so disappointed by the crummy service and the even worse food we received.  We waited over 30 minutes to get our breakfast when everyone that came in after us was served quickly.  The ladies wouldn't even look our way until my dad finally stared one down and she asked if we were waiting for our breakfast.  When I said yes with an attitude miraculously our breakfast came out. It was COLD!  All we ordered were two eggs over easy with ham croquettes (those things were horrible) our Cuban bread was so hard it was more of a cracker.  Our coffee was weak, the place was dirty and the staff just ignored us.  NM we won't be back.~coffee 
Never coming back, unprofessional. Ordered a cake day prior came for pick up it wasn't ready and they had to substitute ingredients then what they said they would put. Had me waiting for an hour. Could be just baked a cake at home probably. No sense of compromise for my disatisfaction. Got the cake for work and ended being late for work. Disappointed much senor.~cake cake cake 
What a disappointment!!!  I was excited to visit Roly's Bakery I am Cuban and recently relocated here from Miami.  Being in Vegas for a few months now I have been missing the pastelitos, Cuban bread, and sandwich.  I expected something a bit more authentic.  It's a shame the people of Las Vegas will equate Roly's Bakery with Cuban pastries since they probably don't know anything better.  First of all the Cuban bread wasn't authentic it was like the chewy bread Wal-Mart sells.  For those of you who've never had wonderful authentic Cuban bread, it has huge air pockets, is very very light in texture, with a crust that flakes almost like paper.  The pastelitos were as far away from authentic as the bread. Again, they missed the flakiness and  the taste was mediocre.  The only thing they nailed was the cod croquettes.~sandwich. pastries 
I ran into this bakery by pure chance while buying some parts for my car late one afternoon a few weeks ago... and it was the amazing smell of freshly baked goods that lured me in! A mixture between a colombian and cuban bakery, this place has some yummy breads, pastries and cakes from different regions south of the border at very reasonable prices. I purchased a toasted coconut cake, fruit pastelitos (turnovers) as well as some ground beef ones and they were all awesome. Oh yeah, and if you are in the mood for a cuban-style coffee, get ready to indulge! Their coffee is awesome. Although I did not get a chance to try their bread, it all looked very tasty.  The lady behind the counter was friendly and courteous. The owner also came out to honor a Yelp deal I received (apparently it is expired but still shows up upon checking in) and did it all with a smile!  I will most certainly visit this bakery again soon!~pastries coconut cake, beef coffee, coffee 
Love this place they have the best pastries and amazing cakes I have never had anything I didn't like!!!!~pastries 
I love this little place!   The staff was friendly.   Atmosphere was welcoming! We stopped and had a Cuban sandwich which was a pretty good size SO WE just split one.   It was good but not great.   The Cuban coffee was delicious.   Price is a little on the high end, but the pastries were delicious!   We met this cute lil Cuban man that told us that this cafe had been here for over 30 years!  They must be doing something right!  The chorizo empanadas are a MUST have!  Hope this review helps! Adios for now!~sandwich coffee pastries 
Cuban bread!  And it's good.   Cuban crackers (home made---no more shipping from Miami)!  Ahhhhh....  Pastelito de guayaba (guava) is good.   Pastelito de carne (meat) is okay.   Cuban Soul food.  I'm happy.    AND the cafecito is excellent. Have an espresso here (made with sugar, and please have it this way -- no Splenda, no fake shit!) for $1.50 and see what Cuban cafe is all about.    Cubans, we have coffee, sugar, rum and cigars. Use them all to excess and you'll be fricken happy.~guava) coffee, 
Delicious Cuban pastries, yummy breakfast omelets and affordable prices.  Ain't nothing like this in Texas. Great off the strip cafe,  you all go check it out!~pastries, 
Good food, bad service. I ordered a cuban sandwich without cheese, and somehow they heard "cheesecake". The sandwich was very tasty though, but I would add more mustard. My dining partner ordered a pizza, that was served cold, definitely not melty and delicious like picture. And we kind of were given a hard time when we asked them to heat it up. Maybe they were just having a bad day? Didn't even get a "thank you" "goodbye" or "come again"~sandwich cheese, sandwich pizza 
Super delicious CUBAN Bakery!  Great For parties...  Just put in our Christmas Eve order of ham croquetas, pasteles de guayaba y queso crema, tres leches cake, 3-loads of fresh baked CUBAN bread. They are precise with time for puck ups and delivery!!!!~cake, 
Nice local bakery. Everytime I go everyone is friendly and it's never been crazy crowded or anything. I like all of their pastries and cakes that have fruit in them like the guava pastry, mango cake, and coconut and pineapple cake. But the main reason why I come here is for their Tres Leches! My second runner up would be the Tres Leches at Drago Sister's Bakery but their style is a bit more of a American version, sweeter, more dense, not as light. But here, the cake is really moist, flavorful without being too sweet and their whipped topping is so silky and just delicious! They also sell them in a variety of sizes. Definitely my go-to cake to bring to parties or take home after a crappy day at UNLV lol! :)~pastries guava mango cake, coconut pineapple cake. cake cake 
Always grab a Cubano sandwich it's tasty!  The pastries look yummy to!~sandwich pastries 
I've driven by Roly's dozens of times. It's a small little mom-and-pop joint located across the street from UNLV. One thing that caught my eye about this place is a sign that touts that they have the best Cuban sandwiches. When someone makes that sort of claim, I don't just take their word for it. I take this matter into my own hands.  Walking in, I saw their array of baked goods right away. Some being traditional items like cheesecakes, croissants, as well as their own selection of treats of Hispanic influence. Everything looked absolutely delicious, but I had to pass since I was there looking for a meaty lunch. Those sweet treats were put there to distract me when I had a sign to challenge.  The Cuban sandwich comes to about $8 + tax. It comes with the traditional works: ham, sliced pork, some pickles, swiss cheese, and mustard served between their own baked bread. In terms of flavor, the sandwich could have had more, especially with their sliced pork. It wasn't a bad sandwich, but it left me feeling indifferent. I kinda like my Cuban sandwich a bit more greasy and toasty. Sorry Roly's, but this was not the best Cuban sandwich. It was a bit to plain for my tastes. I have to admit that the thing was gigantic though. *3/5 stars based on the sandwich alone  I decided to bump the overall rating to 4 stars due to how delicious everything else looked. They even had chorizo pizza and empanadas, which I definitely have to come back to try. Their cakes are very extensive and have so many other baked goods that's sure to satisfy the sweet tooth. I'll keep that in mind the next time that I drop by.~sandwich pork, pickles, cheese, sandwich pork. sandwich, sandwich sandwich. sandwich pizza 
This place is great!  Especially if you like good Cuban coffee and a pastry to go with it.  But they also had a good breakfast offering.  I had the veggie omelet and the choritzo omelet.  Both were great with fresh ingredients.  But most impressive was the coffee.  They make a classic Cuban coffee with sugar, and they also make a great cafe con leche.  Interestingly, if you search for coffee houses in Las Vegas, almost all of them are some distance away from the strip.  I guess that is because the coffee houses serve people living here, not the tourists.  So this was a great find, although it will take a car to get there.  Highly recommended.  By the way, they also run a wedding cake business from the same bakery, but you can get many of the cakes by the slice - nice!~coffee coffee. coffee coffee coffee cake 
I'm happy that my brother, a Las Vegas resident, knows all the decent bakeries in town. Since Roly's Cuban bakery is near McCarran, we often stop here before heading to my mom's when I fly into town. So if you get on Tropicana leaving the airport, turn right.  In front of UNLV is an old Strip Mall with Roly's facing campus. It's not much to look at from the outside. And it's not particularly descript on the inside until you look at the display cases full of pastries and the most beautiful cakes.  The two women working inside didn't speak much English, but I speak enough Spanish that with the menu having pictures and prices, it's no problem. Just point and pay - money speaks in all languages. My brother order a Hamburger.  The burger took about 10 minutes, and it smelled and tasted different in a good way.  There are several different types of burgers, but the regular $6.99 burger is a quarter pound patty, with a Cuban style bun.  Chorizo is blended into the meat patty, and cooked chorizo is part of the  toppings, along with mayo, and red bell peppers, I would give the burger 4 stars. It would be great with an IPA (which Roly's doesn't sell)  Pastries were kind of sparse at 5 PM but some good ones were still around. I opted to get a slice of mango cake, with sweet mango topping a white cake and mango puree topping with cream between the layers.. I also got a slice of tiramisu, my favorite thing of all we ordered.  It had a strong cocoa smell from the cocoa powder topping, with whipped cream and white cake layers.  I also enjoyed the guava cheese strudel, but it was a bit heavy and too sweet.  I liked the coconut pastry with the dried sweet coconut paste inside the pastry.  The rolito pastry, rolled yellow cake with pastry, was decent but not as good as the other stuff.  Too bad we didn't taste the cakes. The ones we saw were beautiful, and if they tasted anything like they looked they would be perfect.  We don't plan to order any cakes soon, but this would definitely be a spot to order one.  There are table and chairs for those ordering their sandwiches and relaxing.~pastries burger burgers, burger bell burger pastries mango cake, mango white cake mango white cake guava cheese coconut coconut cake 
Ordered a cake for my daughter's first birthday and it was terrific!   Having recently ordered a cake for another event at another bakery and being pretty dissatisfied, I was really stressed about this cake order. Roly's came highly recommended from another Mommy friend of mine so I gave it a shot.   The place isn't much to look at and I wouldn't describe the guy who took my cake order as super friendly but he listened to everything that I said. I had several photos of cakes from Pinterest and u was kind of combining them all to create the perfect cake for my little's perfect party. The guy was patient and took lots of notes. Then we got to flavors. They have tons to choose from and lots of fillings as well. We ordered a two tier cake (30 servings) so I got chocolate with raspberry filling for the top and Cuban cake (which he described as a very moist white cake) with Bavarian cream coconut filling.   I braced myself for the cost: $172! This was extremely reasonable. So reasonable in fact that my neurotic brain started worrying about the quality of the cake.   When I picked the cake up, it wasn't ready. We had about a 15 min wait which normally would not have bothered me but it was the morning of her party and I had tons to do so I was a little agitated.   Any and all agitation immediately dissipated upon seeing the cake! It was PERFECT! Exactly what I asked for.  Driving the cake home was nerve wracking and next time I will definitely pay for delivery.   The most important thing is this was also one of the best cakes I had ever tasted. Moist and cool with the perfect amount of evenly sweet frosting. I got several compliments from the parents and the kids devoured it!  My only regret was I didn't get to try the chocolate tier. I blinked and it was gone!   I will absolutely be ordering again!~cake cake cake cake cake cake ( cake ( white cake) coconut cake. cake cake! cake 
Ladies were nice....service was pretty good....but it took 20+ min for a Turkey croissant and a ham croissant....we were expecting cold sandwiches but they came out hot.....they were still tasty but they should advertise they are hot....anyways was a good place for pastries and a quick bite to eat.....~pastries 
I had no idea this was a Cuban bakery. I was pretty excited when I looked at all the pastries.    The place is pretty clean. The bathrooms too! I don't  know why, but clean bathrooms, to me, are a good sign that their kitchens are also well kept. I could be wrong but whatever. The staff has all their hair in place which is also a good sign. The desserts looked extremely appetizing. I decided to buy their beef pastry, sausage pastry, senorita, meringue, and tres leches.   The beef and sausage were okay. The senorita was good but I couldn't get myself to eat it all. The crust it had was a bit hard to get through with a fork. The filling was good but the lack of other flavors other than the vanilla made me get bored of it quickly. The meringue was good too. I don't think anyone can mess that up.  The tres leches on the other hand was awful! It was just cake and milk mush with whip cream on top. It was gross! I always though tres leches should be a little dense. Oh well. I might come here to try their Cuban sandwiches and rereview.   One star for the nice cashier. One for the cleanliness. And one for okay pastries.~pastries. beef sausage beef sausage cake milk pastries. 
Items Selected: Guava and Cheese Turnover Cappucinno Flan Pan Con Croqueta - Ground Seasoned Ham Croquettes with Swiss Cheese Served on Toasted Bread  Located on East Tropicana Avenue and as such driven past thrice weekly en route to work it was largely an effect of location and ongoing intrigue that led me to Roly's Bakery on Saturday afternoon and opting for a small selection due to otherwise substantial eating plans my experience was fine, though certainly not without flaws.  Obviously a small space, and one not particularly easily identified from the street despite large billboards located down the street, it was just prior to 2:00pm that I entered the small Cuban bakery and with several folks seated and eating I took my time to peruse the options, a middle-age woman keeping a watchful eye on me until I was ready to go, my $10 order of one savory and three seats delivered to the table with a cup of water just five minutes thereafter.  Beginning first with the pork croquette sandwich, a pair of fried sticks filled with what I can best describe as 'pig puree' proving an acquired taste beneath tomatoes and Swiss cheese, I only ate one half before satisfying my curiosity and moving onward the guava-cream cheese pocket was indulged in similarly - a nice enough flavor, though most would find bottom of the wastebasket as I'd have simply preferred it more flaky and warm.  To this point largely underwhelmed it was onward to the meal's two best selections that I moved and although the 'cappucino' was two lovely bites of sponge cake rife with simple syrup it simply could not compare to the eggy custard flan, a world-class example with a lightly browned top and pockets of raisins amidst a sea of lightly sugared eggs.  Small, cozy, and pleasant in service Roly's is one of the few places where locals are able to indulge in Cuban baked goods, but with a limited selection and too much focus on 'everything to everyone' items like crème brûlée, cupcakes, and tiramisu I'd have rather see them focus on more esoteric specialties like Porto's in Los Angeles - the lack of several items, including the tres leches, in portions smaller than a full tray was particularly disappointing.~guava cheese cheese pork sandwich, cheese, guava- cheese cake cupcakes, 
Just got a birthday 3leches cake ....amazing flavor beautiful design... Loved it !!! price was fair according to my boss ! They always have ready made ready to go cakes for emergency situations.~cake .... 
I LOVE this place! I found it on yelp when I was looking for breakfast places near the airport.  The bakery is in a little shopping center and unless you are actually looking for it you may miss it.  We went for breakfast and had the vegetable omelet. It was like $5 and it includes coffee or soda, toast and even a delicious pastry.  It was a super deal, delicious, very clean and the staff was super friendly. Very nice family owned place with very inexpensive home cooked food. You HAVE to go if you need a break from the strip or if you have a little time before your flight.~coffee 
Been here a few times. Got a couple cuban sandwiches n pasteles de guayava.  Both times the pasteles we're stale and flavorless, biting into them I knew immediately they were there for hours.  Not good at all. The sandwich the first time was good. Unfortunately the 2nd time. They forgot the pickles that give it a nice flavorful kick. If it weren't for that fact that there's really not many CUBAN places to go. I'd probably would never come back. This is definitely NO PORTOS FROM CALIFORNIA.~sandwich pickles 
Great little shop on the corner of Trop and Maryland. I cant say a whole lot about the pastries but the Looked incrediable! A bit pricey but I'm sure well worth it.  I tried the Cuban Sandwich- very simple ham, mustard, pickle, swiss/mozzarella cheese. what stuck out was the BREAD- OMG, it was so soft. I cant tell you how it's made but it was the first time I've ever tasted bread with that sort of texture. Try it, it's good- but I warn you the sandwich is quiet large.   If you're looking for something to wash it down with try a good ol Malta Goya! very unusual taste- but you might like it!~pastries cheese. sandwich 
Ordered a custom cake from here for.my daughters birthday. The cake itself was decorated well. Unfortunately  the cake itself was super dense and odd tasting for a vanilla cake. The raspberry filling was nothing more than jelly. For paying 60 bucks for it, it was definitely not worth it.~cake cake cake cake. 
Small place with big flavor.  Be careful you may want to get up and start dancing to the music playing in the place.  Not very many breakfast selections but it worked for this family of 5.  What they did have they did it right.  Food was very tasty and portions were large.  Came with coffee and a pastry so you can't go wrong.  I had the breakfast croissant and it was very, very good.~coffee 
Love their Cuban pastries, Cuban coffee, the staff, Their cake etc. have used them for parties for their Lechon asado and arroz moro.. Nice to have in Las Vegas since there is nothing like it here and we are from Miami! Thank you Roly's for bringing South Florida to Las Vegas!~pastries, coffee, cake 
We haven't really ordered food but their pastries are yummy.  The senorita a refrigerated pastry is yummy. I like the guava/cheese turnover and the cheese roll.~pastries cheese 
I first visited Roly's Bakery two weeks ago with my husband. We stopped in for a pastry and coffee to follow up lunch at Cuba Cafe.   Confession: We had a full meal with appetizers, sides, entrees, dessert, AND coffee at Cuba Cafe but, upon realizing Roly's was just down the street and on the way home, we decided to turn our cheat meal into a cheat life. I'm not ashamed.   Though I was unable to eat again until the next day, I'm both glad we visited and sad we didn't know about this place sooner.   My husband and I are recent transplants from LA where Cuban bakeries are abundant (Porto's and Cafe Tropical being two popular go-to's). I mention this because most of my experience with Roly's is best explained through comparisons from what I already know.  We ordered a guava cheese pastry, otherwise known as a pastel de guayaba con queso, and two espressos.   The coffee: It's very easy to percolate a pot of Cuban coffee at home but it's so refreshing to have it done for you on a much cooler industrial percolator.  Based on the cups used, Gavina is the grounds of choice here. Within minutes, two steaming cups were brought to our table and we were directed to the counter for our sweeteners. My Cuban husband was disappointed to not have his coffee made with the characteristic sugar slurry but, at the same time, having the option of using non-sugar sweetener was nice (sidenote: on our second visit today, we were asked if we wanted sugar already mixed in, which my husband enthusiastically accepted).  The pastry: We were served a pastry that was still warm and crusty. It was absolutely delicious. Here's where the comparison comes in: while the price point is higher at just a bit over $1 per pastry, it was more than generously filled with guava paste and cream cheese. The ratio was just about perfect, which I cannot often say about the pastries at Porto's.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=ZfpGGDu42EwzKPPkAnDyNA#ZfpGGDu42EwzKPPkAnDyNA  A quick scan of the cases and menu showed two things: cuban crackers and bread that we'd been missing all this time as well as breakfast served all day. The latter was what brought us back today.   There are four combos available:   #1: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), and coffee for about $5  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=X0sEYYhXQ6bCbjH_f1SMRg#X0sEYYhXQ6bCbjH_f1SMRg  #2: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), pastry, and coffee for about $6 #3: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), ham croquette, pastry, and coffee for about $7  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas#24c6bmIEBCafd6T-POQqHA  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=ciUJhawXmWuJhpW8pjXxrw#ciUJhawXmWuJhpW8pjXxrw   #4: 2 eggs, toast (Cuban bread), marinated steak, pastry, and coffee for about $8   To each combo, you can add ham, sausage, and other items for $1/each .  In addition, there are four omelette selections: western, spanish, veggie, and one other that escapes me. All come with a pastry and coffee.   I ordered the #1 with fried eggs and added bacon. Now, at $1 extra for the bacon, I expected one or two small slices. What I got was THREE crispy thick slices. The eggs were fried perfectly to my liking. The toast? Well, what's there to complain about when you're given freshly buttered toasted Cuban bread?  My husband ordered the #3 with scrambled eggs and a guava pastry. First, it's clear the eggs used are real and not bagged. Second, my husband was thrilled to find that they're seasoned lightly with Sazon, a popular Latin seasoning blend that we use in his eggs at home. Now, the most important part. My husband loves croquettes but has learned not to expect much from any place that sells them. Today, that changed. He bit into his croquette expecting the usual mediocrity and, instead, his eyes lit up and he looked toward the kitchen said, "Oh my god, MOM? ARE YOU IN THERE?". I took a bite and can attest to the fact that these are the best croquettes I've had from an eatery.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rolys-bakery-las-vegas?select=XPrpcXPwngzgMdZljGUU0g#XPrpcXPwngzgMdZljGUU0g  All in all, breakfast came to about $13 before tip. We plan to come back for the Cuban pizza and, honestly, for more of everything else.~coffee appetizers, coffee guava cheese coffee: coffee coffee guava cheese. pastries coffee coffee coffee steak, coffee sausage, coffee. bacon. bacon, guava pizza 
Cuban sandwiches and coffee. Yummy! The pasteries are great, too, if  you like the flakey kind. My biggest complaint is that they take a very, very long time to get a to-go order ready. It took over half an hour to get a freaking sandwich made. If you aren't in a hurry and love a good Cuban bakery, this is a good one. I would go there again.~coffee. sandwich 
This place is amazing. I have gone there every single time I wanted / needed a cake. They're cakes are delicious and so moist. The spaghetti.. There is so much of it and its just so great. The sandwiches are massive. About the same size of the bag. Which is a good size and its thick. Also the pizza is soft, its smooth, its fantastic. Best pizza in vegas.~cake. spaghetti.. pizza pizza 
I last visited Roly's a few months back, but I wanted to write a review and forgot...sorry.  Anyway, I am Dominican and I was born and raised in Miami. Many of my friends growing up are Cuban.  To this day, when I go home to Miami my dad goes to Riviera Bakery on 17th ave to get me an assortment of pastelitos. So, I consider myself an honorary Cuban pastry connoisseur.  With that said, I will say that Roly's is pretty good, for Vegas.  I've had the pastelittos (pastries) - cheese, guava, guava with cheese and meat. All good, but not as flaky and yummy as I am used to.  I've had the croquettes, and they are okay as well.  I had a mango milkshake and a mamay milkshake and they were both good.   Can't go wrong with a cafe con leche.   So here's the deal.  If you're expecting authentic "from back home" stuff, then you're going to be disappointed.  But, if you just need a little fast of home to get you through the day, week or months, then you'll be okay.  They do a good job and trying to make everything truly as Cuban as possible and you have to give credit where it's due.  And if there are Cubans in there on a regular basis drinking coffee and eating sandwiches, then it's gotta have some authenticity to it.  Give it at try!!~pastries) cheese, guava, guava cheese mango milkshake milkshake coffee 
In a surprise move, I think this Borders actually wins when placed in such close proximity to the Barnes and Noble (also in Crocker Park--why?).  I do usually choose B&N, but I think I liked the Borders experience better in this location. Firstly, it's a little bit easier to approach/find parking for than the B&N (when coming from 90, it's a quick right on Detroit, then left into the parking lot, as opposed to weaving in and out of Crocker Park "streets"). It's right next to the movie theater and Spoon Me, two of the main reasons I have to visit Crocker Park (the other being Liquid Planet, but I think Spoon Me trumps that one as well).  Also, I like the layout of this Borders. They have a nice kids' section and a much larger parenting/education section than the Barnes and Noble (yes, I suppose since I'm a mom now, I have to take these things into consideration).   Checkout took exactly 30 seconds.  I'm not entirely sold on Seattle's Best Coffee yet, but it's not a dealbreaker. I will definitely give this Borders more traffic in the future.~coffee 
This Borders is a great spot to grab a table and get some work done.  Free wifi, tasty snacks and drinks (including a peach smoothie which was extremely yummy) make it easy for you to spend hours here without even realizing it.  The facility was clean (including the restrooms - I checked the girls' and my hubby checked the guys'), and the staff was friendly!  On top of that with this Borders being in the heart of Crocker Park, there are tons of restaurants, stores, etc. just footsteps away from you.  I'll definitely be back!~peach smoothie 
I remember long ago when The Promenade of Westlake was built, bringing Borders and several other great tenants along with it. Seriously, that feels like ages ago...and despite all of that time, this place still is goin' strong. I was afraid that the arrival of Barnes and Noble 50 feet or so away from here would kill off Borders, but as of now, Borders is still alive and well. Maybe it's because the prices are cheaper? Finding a good deal at Barnes and Noble happens occurs just as often as passenger pigeon sightings...whereas Borders typically has some type of deal running, and if you're a Borders Rewards member, you can nearly ALWAYS find a discount coupon either via the web or their emails...and if you aren't able to find one, wait a few minutes and one will probably appear in your email! =) (I don't see why anyone wouldn't want to be in Borders Rewards, considering that it's FREE to join...but hey, the money that isn't being saved on discounts goes into the economy, which seems like a good thing these days, right?)  Also, their coffee shop offers cheap refills, which is nice for the days when you're relaxing with a big stack of the latest magazines...~coffee 
Rip-off the man!  THE UP-SIDE:  Books, CD's (for those without iPods!) and lot's of cards and stuff.  This place is pretty clean, efficient and friendly.  Best of all, they have a coffee shop in house where you can read all the books without paying for them!    THE DOWN-SIDE:  Like a big, dumb, lumbering corporate dinosaur, this place has the nerve to still charge for the wireless internet.  WTF?!  You gotta be kidding me!  (If you're a smarty-smartster like me, you'll just grab the FREE wi-fi signal that wafts through from neighboring Bruegger's Bagels across the way!  Me loves to rip-off the man.)  In addition, this place attempts to push their "Borders Rewards Cards" with every purchase.  This isn't such a big deal, as most employees here will accept it when you say you don't want one.  However, there is one absolutely annoying Borders drone that works in the coffee shop area.  He will annoy you to no end, practically force-feeding the benefits down your throat.  I've told him I don't want one, that I visit the store every week, and that he has asked me over 10 times so far.  I told him, "Please remember me and never ask again."  He refused and said he will always ask.  He just doesn't care that he is annoying me and will basically always do so.  Great customer service there.  THE SUM-IT-UP:  Go here for a good selection of books and to rip-off the free wi-fi from a neighboring business.  Good stuff!~coffee coffee 
It's a small location, but they have a healthy selection of products for natural and curly hair. They carry Miss Jessie's, Shea Moisture, Mizani, As I Am Coconut, and as of recently, Carol's Daughter as well. Currently, they only have CD's Black Vanilla products.  I was happy when, after learning of my hesitance to try the Black Vanilla, the employee advised me that I can try it and return it if I don't like it.  (Use less than 1/3 of the product for this to apply.)  Well, I tried it and did not like it.  I returned with my receipt and had a hassle-free return experience.  The woman who was working when I returned even offered to special order some of the other products in the CD line, which they didn't currently carry in-store.    I was happy with the customer service and the ease with which I was able to shop and return items.~curly coconut, 
Tiny treasures for your hair, skin and nails. Sally's Beauty Supply is a tiny beauty store packed with all the goodies for both men and woman. You will find items to paper you from head to toe at reasonable prices. Even though the store is small every area whether it is styling products, to nail polish or hair care there is a variety of items to choose from. Prices being from the extremely low end to high end. I will mention even at the high end the prices are still reasonable.   The customer service at this store is wonderful. They staff greets you right away and are always willing to help. The store is so organized it is very easy to find the items your looking for with no help but great customer service is always appreciated.   Now if you want to save more be sure to sign up for the Sally Beauty Club Card. It is a green card that cost $5.00 bucks and saves you money all year round. You have to renew it yearly but no big deal they give you a $5.00 instant savings off your next purchase along with savings on items all year long. Basically you loose nothing and gain great savings. If your a pro or student they have savings for you too. Be sure to inquire when you drop in.~instant 
So flippin' excited that this location is now open!!  Hair Extensions, ethnic hair supplies, regular nail polish, gel polish, eye lashes, shampoo (no, conditioner is better), hair saving re-nourishment masks for when your DIY bleach job leaves your hair a little fried (or so I have heard...), line this small, but packed store. They are still stocking their shelves so some items might be sparse, like the Gelish gel polish collection, but don't fret, the shipment is coming!  As usual, with Sally Stores, I was greeted by a very friendly employee. She was busy stocking shelves, but still stopped to look up and put the items in her hands back in the box as to give me full attention, and asked if she could help me find an item. I told her I was there just to check out this new location as I have been going to the Bell and Indian Bend locations. She laughed and said not to worry about loyalty cause these three stores are in the same district so everyone gets credit. I laughed at her response and proceeded to mosey on around the store and secretly take pictures to post on here...and then I ended up buying $28 worth of supplies. My budget will probably be ruined now because of this location, but at least my nails and hair will look fierce!  P.S. If you are not familiar with Sally Beauty Supply, it is open to the public, no cosmetology license required.~bell 
This place gave me mixed feelings about their Pho.  Although the broth, seasoning and garnishes were fresh and bursting with flavor, I was highly disappointed with the chicken (I got the "Pho Ga").  Sadly, it was bland and was nothing like the soup or noodles.  On the flip side, the portions are huge.  I got the size small (CAN$5.25) and had enough leftover to make it into another meal.  Plus, the small order of spring rolls (CAN$3.75) was crisp so it kind of made it up for the bland chicken... kind of.  I would come back here, but I'll order a different type of meat.~chicken ( chicken... 
I was excited to find a vietnamese place near work that was fast and good. The beef is great and there's a lot of fresh good herbs. Spring Rolls are tasty and crispy. Service was good and fast, and I got back to work on time!~beef 
I visited this place couple of days ago for the first time.. I must say pretty nice.. I used to live in Iran when I was young.. And the offerings in the store reminded me of that.  Tried the hot food section.. Beef kebab (Koobideh) pretty good portions and also very tasty. Also the Gormeh Sabzi (Beef Curry with fragrant herbs), which was pretty good, but a bit too much lemon. But still pretty good  Will definitely be back!~beef beef lemon. 
This review just covers the hot foods section.  It's actually a supermarket which has a hot foods section that serves Persian food.  I came here on a whim and was pleasantly surprised.    Pros: Very good prices for Persian take out Meat is "naturally raised"  Cons: The lamb shank could be better  I had a hankering for some Persian food and was on my way up Yonge Street to get some.  I passed by Urmia Market and decided to give it a go.  I'm glad I made the decision.  This place is very good for Persian take out.  The lady behind the counter was very nice.  It was my first time and she treated my like a regular.  She was very polite and made sure I got exactly what I wanted.  I got 2 Beef Koobideh and a lamb shank dinners.  Dinners come with rice, roasted tomatoes and a salad.  Beef was $6.99 and the lamb shank was $7.99.  These are great prices for Persian food, some of the best I've seen.  There's a place south of where I live that charges 14.99 for the same beef dinner.  The beef tasted great.  The store says all their meat is naturally raised with no chemicals or hormones.  I like that sound of that.  The lamb shank was a bit smaller than I'm used to getting.  It was OK, but I've had better.  Still doesn't take away from the place.   All in all, this place is great if you have a craving for Persian food.  Prices are great and the food is good.  Can't go wrong there.  I'm definitely going back the next time I have a craving.~lamb beef lamb salad. beef lamb beef beef lamb 
I went here again and I am now a devoted fan.  THIS PLACE ROCKS!!! BIG TIME!  I got some chicken again and am now heating it up for brekkie.  The 'fat', which I decided to save was very soft, like room temperature butter and melted when I spread it over my cold rice.  This people, is what the naturally raised meat and fat does.  It was not grey and hard like the crap from Maple Sludge Farms.  It was as nature intended. This is actually healthy fat. Once again, the guy at the meat counter is very knowledgeable and very friendly.  Smiling and willing to go out of his way so that you have the best grocery experience ever.  It is people like him that make me love shopping. The shelves are packed with traditional Persian foods, so the experimental foodie will love it. I got a chance to go to the deli on my visit. Can you say OMG!!!  This food was FANTASTIC.  And I am not exaggerating.  I had these balls, like Indian kofta, delicious.  And some walnut chicken.  They did NOT  skimp on the walnuts.  It was so friggin' good. The walnut oil oozing on top, so healthy, good for the brain.  OMG, these guys can cook.  I am going to try everything, something new each time. THIS PLACE IS THE BEST!!!~chicken butter chicken. 
Hidden gem of Italian experience hiding in La Prairie.  Decorated with wine bottles, this restaurant feels almost like a home. This is a bit pricey, but you are getting your money's worth. I started with a delicious Caesar Salad, then for entree had their house made Gnocchi.  The Gnocchi is served in a wine sauce with Gorgonzola cheese. Fantastic. Coffee was good.   Five star service, wonderful staff.~salad, cheese. coffee 
Prob the worst dining experience I've had. Overpriced. Empty (it's obvious why - first RED FLAG). Sub-par food, even worse service. Stopped in because I wasn't in the mood for sushi or pizza, which are the only other options in the plaza. Ate half of my bland sandwich, the chipotle chicken (WHAT CHIPOTLE!?), and left.   I stopped at McDonald's on the way home. And you know what? Even though I regretted that, it was still a huge step up from this dump. Try at your own risk...~sushi pizza sandwich, chicken ( 
Dad and I came here for lunch. They had options of either a quesadilla-type wrap or a panini.  I got the italian-type panini "new jersey" or something. It was so good with the panini bread, it was fresh-tasting. Dad got the special panini which was "Uncle Luigi" which was similar to mine, but with turkey. My dad loved every bite of his sandwich. They came with a small serving of potato chips.  We would definitely come back!~sandwich. potato chips. 
We stopped in for lunch a few Saturdays ago and were pleasantly surprised by the food and service that we received at what from the outside appears to be a fairly nondescript establishment.  My husband ordered a veggie wrap and I had the chicken taco salad and asked them to go light on the cheese and to substitute salsa in place of the chipotle dressing.  My salad arrived exactly as I had ordered it, the ingredients were fresh, and the salsa flavorful.  My husband's veggie wrap was also very tasty and had fresh ingredients and a soft, high quality tortilla.  We sat on the patio and the waiter was quick in refilling our drinks and providing service.  The chef is an incredibly nice guy and brought us some complimentary "granita", which is an Italian shaved ice made with fruit juice and no additional sugars.  He explained that this dessert is made by freezing the mixture in a pan and scraping the pan with a fork every 15 minutes to create the light, fluffy shaved ice texture.  The granita was so delicious, we would go back just for that!  I certainly hope that others will give Mumbles Place a try as this is a great little place that we really hope stays around.~chicken taco salad cheese salsa salad salsa 
Utter garbage and one of the worst places I have ever dined at. It is a hole-in-the-wall restaurant/bar that it pretty difficult to find. Arrived at 6:50PM and there was one waitress/bartender and one cook.  I was not greeted upon entry and ended up just sitting down. The waitress was either playing with her phone all night or talking to the gentleman at the bar, After given a menu, waitress did not come back for another 10 minutes. Ordered. Appetizer arrived and was not served plates so ate off the board. A Chipotle Chicken  panini took over 30 minutes to come out, with the wrong side order and a ton of onions and instead of correcting it - just took it because I was sick of waiting. The chocolate cake took 10 minutes to come out, it was pretty good - ended up having a hair in it. I was leaving and I was the one who said goodbye - the customer.  Do not come here. Period.~chicken chocolate cake 
Hungry for a good lunch at a good price, I found Mumbles in my Groupon Now options. I bought their $5 for $9 Worth of Hot Pressed Wraps or Panini Sandwiches deal and made my way over, excited to give them a second try since the last time I'd been here, they were still rather new.   The place was empty when I walked in. A waitress was standing there looking at me like I was a freaking alien, so I cheerily said "Hi there!" to HER. I said it to HER. She kept staring. I told her I'd gotten a Groupon Now deal as I went to sit at the bar. She nodded, but looked completely flustered and finally grabbed a menu for me and asked "This is To Go?" in a way that pushed me to say yes, even though I was expecting to eat there. She stood right in front of me while I was trying to figure out what to order while tapping her pen on the counter, making me feel rushed.   I had planned on getting a panini, so I looked at the paninis (the menu has changed significantly since we'd been there) and quickly saw that NO panini was $9. They're either $10 or $11. uhhhhhh okay. So I looked through the wraps. They were all $6-8, so whatever. I'll lose my extra $1 in savings. No big deal, so I order an $8 wrap called Popeye something or other, trying not to think about how it seemed a little sneaky to offer a deal for something that forces you to pay more or save less once you get there.  The waitress puts my order in their system and I give her my phone with the Groupon code pulled up. She writes down the information and she hands me my phone back and I hold onto it for a little while until she walks away and then I hit the "redeemed" button. She came back from the kitchen area looking even more confused and flustered than before. She needed to look at the code again because it wasn't going in the system. I tell her that it can't be pulled up after it's been redeemed, but I can try? So I do and show her that the code is gone. She huffs and paces and taps her pen against the bar some more, making me feel really uncomfortable, until she finally goes to the back again and time passes. When she comes back, our conversation goes like this:  Waitress: "Oh my boss figured out why it wasn't working."  Natalie G: "Oh, okay that's good!"  W: "It's because the Groupon is for a PANINI, not a wrap. When they put up the Groupon, it's not supposed to say wrap. So since you got a wrap, it's $8, not $9 like the Groupon says and that's for a panini"  NG: "..............Come again?" W: "You have to pay $8 for the wrap"  NG:"I have to pay $8 on top of the $5 from the Groupon? There aren't even any paninis that cost $9. And the Groupon says wrap... I don't think I understand why I would be paying extra."  W: *huff huff pace pace tap tap pace huff*  I finally tell her I want to speak to her boss or manager or whoever is back there and so she disappears again. When she came back, she hands me my food and just offhandedly tells me that "It was taken care of."  YEAH IT WAS TAKEN CARE OF. Where is my apology? Where was the manager? Why is this even an issue? Does the waitress know customer service at all? Good luck, Mumbles. I don't know how you survived this long.~wraps wraps. 
Saw a deal on Living Social so decided to give this place a try.  So glad we did!!  My hubby started with a Mumble's Margarita-  it was delicious!  This is coming from a gal who doesn't like margaritas!  It was so good in fact, I decided to order one for myself.  We tried to squeeze the manager for his secrets.  He wouldn't divulge them all, but they do make their own sour mix which makes such a huge difference!!   We ordered a caprese salad as a starter-- and then each had an entree.  I had a wrap and my husband ordered one of their panini's.  All of the items we had were fresh and delicious!!  They did a very unique take on what would normally be very traditional menu items.  Nothing over the top but simple- such as adding fresh dill & parsley to the caprese salad, which surprisingly turbo charged the flavors!   The service was very attentive and friendly.  I enjoyed it so much I brought my friend here for lunch the next day.  We both ordered different items and they were equally as delicious as the day before.  All in all- the place has alot of potential.  Great food, friendly atmosphere at mid-range prices.  Only suggestion I would make is they need a big sign up top so people know where to go.~salad parsley salad, 
A surprise winner!  I avoided going to Mumbles for almost two months, since every time I passed the place was empty.  What a mistake!  From the outside it seems to be just another bar that serves sandwiches.  But these are not ordinary sandwiches.  The fresh paninis are just different enough to wake up your taste buds.  Try a Long Island Louie.  Better yet, check out the hot-pressed tortillas.  Think of it as a roll-up pressed into a panini oven and grilled, then sliced into quarters and served standing up like a sushi roll with a dipping sauce.  I had the Mumbles Crumbles with shaved beef, tomatoes, onions, peppers, and a blue cheese sauce.  Great!  And ask about dessert.  Don't be discouraged that there's nothing on the menu except granita.  The banana split was a delight.  I don't even like banana splits but was talked into it after being shown a picture.  It was not your usual gooey mess, but had a single banana sliced, covered with sugar, then broiled to caramelize it, topped with three  small scoops of ice cream, nuts, berries, brownie bites and pound cake bites.  The atmosphere was cozy on the inside with a cute patio in front.  The service was very friendly, but a bit too slow to warrant five stars.~sushi beef, cheese banana banana banana ice cream, cake 
Not sure where the negative feedback is based on for this place.   Service has always been great whenever I've gone here; greeted with a smile, my order is never messed up, and they can keep up with a long line -  which has never gotten too long.   They have a large shelf for pastries and cakes, larger than other Second Cup locations I've seen. This, they have a wide variety.   It's a very large space, and it's rare for me to go here and not find a seat. Lots of tables to sit and do your work or chat with a friend.   There's an outdoor patio (though it doesn't face Yonge, that would've been nice for people watching) and it's located above a subway stop. And a 20-second walk to grocery, LCBO, and a Cineplex.   Great location, great Second Cup.~pastries 
Just drove by and decided turn into Golden Gate Plaza  since its a beautiful day to have ice cream. This is located in a residential area which makes it convenient for families to walk over and grab a treat. The service is fast and friendly and they have an outside seating area too! It seemed busy so I will assume that it is quite popular with the locals. I will be coming here more often for either ice cream or fruit smoothie with ma homies.~ice cream. ice cream smoothie 
I've been here a couple times for ice cream but I have to say it's the dirtiest Dairy Queen location I've ever been to (and I promise I've been to loads of Dairy Queen locations in Ontario). The staff was either not trained properly or just choose to be lazy and unfriendly to the customers. It's also the only location where you can't really see the food when they're making it for you. The best Dairy Queen location in Brampton is definitely the Centre St location, great patio and great service there.~ice cream 
I love this DQ. It's close to my house which is a bonus,  so whenever I'm wanting Ice-cream I always make my way there.   The staff are nice, friendly and paitent when I'm making my orders (because sometimes it takes some time to decide) and they offer great suggestions when I'm undecided.   Also,  they made me an ice cream cake for my birthday and it was Awesome. It was the same girl who did my cake last year and she remembered me. She was extremely helpful and great when I was loading suggestions and ideas to her. She made my cake Exactly how I wanted it,  and I couldn't have been happier.   I am a regular here and will continue to be. This place is great and I love it!~ice cream cake cake cake 
Is this the best pizza in the world?  No.  But for $5.00 for a medium (14") cheese pizza, and $1.00 per topping, I'll take it!!  I don't know if this is "true" New York pizza, but it's certainly a departure from the national chains.  Not thick crust, but not crispy thin either, and just the right amount of good sauce.  I personally would like a bit more cheese - but my friends think it's perfect just as is.  The sausage and pepperoni are better than what I've had on other pies delivered locally.  This pizza is great fresh and hot, but is just as good two hours later when there's a break in the action in the Friday night poker game.  The perfect food for weekends!  The menu says they offer wings and chicken fingers too - maybe someday we'll branch out from a stack of pizzas on a Friday night.  The specialty pizzas, calzones and strombolis sound incredible.  Here's hoping this little pizza joint at Serene & Tamarus sticks around - they've already dropped their prices in the two months they've been open (the menu with my pizzas tonight had new prices.)~pizza cheese pizza pizza cheese - sausage pepperoni pizza chicken fingers pizza 
Attempted to return our truck here. The owner or lady at the desk was so RUDE. She appeared annoyed the instant we walked in. Wouldn't accept our truck without ALL paperwork. Come to find out after calling budget, she could've looked up our info on the computer. Lazy and rude. The customer service rep called her, she wouldn't answer so they left her a message. When we returned the second time she was on the phone arguing with customer service about us. We told her we would just return the truck to a corporate office. She then stated "fine!" and threw the keys at us. YIKES. Not only will I not be using budget, I won't be using this place for storage either. Attitude adjustment ma'am.~instant 
**3.5 Stars**  All-you-can-eat Lobsters. *Enough Said*  PROS: Lobsters glazed in Brown, Garlicy Sauce, King Crab Legs, Fresh Fruits, Good Desserts like Eclairs, Lemon Cake, Staff does an excellent job at re-filling empty food trays, Waiters were really attentive and friendly.  Most items were fair and average at best  CONS: Hawk/Camp out with the anxious, greedy patrons for Lobster re-fill, you have to time it right and make sure you're either 1st or 2nd in line, otherwise, you end up with nothing and could be the 1st for the next batch.  The sushi bar was questionable, I didn't even try, but there was a big selection of various rolls  Dinner: $17 (with drink)~brown, lemon cake, sushi 
We live pretty close to City Buffet (Used to be called Zen Buffet) and my kids, who are buffet freaks, have been waiting to try it, and I saw that they just had a name change this week and had new prices listed outside.  For adult it was priced $8.99 for the buffet and with 4 teens that's a great price, because they sure can eat!  The staff was very friendly and attentive to our needs, drinks were being refilled without asking, and there was a good amount of people in restaurant. Now I have to state that even though my kids are into the buffet dining experience, I am not, but having said that, the place does offer a variety of dishes, all of my kids where equally happy with the selection that they had and everyone did get plenty.  If you are a person who likes seafood, they had plenty for you, shrimp, crab, mussels, other fish; one of my daughters loved the fact that there was even sushi.  The place was clean and staff was always making sure there was never an empty dish.  According to my kids the only down side was that they stated the ice cream was lacking in flavor.  I am sure I will be taking them back their again to eat.~shrimp, sushi. ice cream 
This place used to be called Jen Buffet. They're now under the dubious ownership of City Buffet, though the chef is still the same (for now).  Seriously underrated. I'm Chinese, so naturally, I love buffets. Still, I find most of the offerings in Arizona to be lackluster if not downright disgusting. In terms of seafood, the quality at Jen Buffet (or City Buffet, as it's called now) is fresher than even Pacific Buffet, specifically the sushi/sashimi and the shrimp. The grilled fish is also really fresh. There are less items than Pacific Buffet, but the quality is generally better. Here's the run-down of my experience.  Day of the Week: Saturday Night  People: Generally empty--there was one family speaking Cantonese seated near us, but mostly non-Asian diners  What I ate (at least, what I could remember): Tuna and Salmon sashimi--fresh if small-portioned Various sushi items--typical California roll, Philly roll, spicy tuna--fresh and tasty Seaweed salad--too salty Octopus--too salty Mussels--chewy and fairly fresh Oysters--clean oyster taste, though my brother complained his was bitter and had sand in it Crayfish: Cantonese family swooped down on these as soon as they refilled the tray; did not get to try these Clams: fresh and tasty!!!!! Roast Beef: My piece was a bit tough/overdone in texture, but the flavor was good Coconut Shrimp: The one Americanized Chinese dish I'll admit to actually liking--a bit soggy, but again, the flavor was good Stuffed Chicken: surprisingly good; the outside was crispy and the inside with thick and juicy teriyaki chicken: nice sweet/savory glaze and juicy, tender chicken inside Mongo BBQ: light and not overly sauced hot and sour: I have low tolerance for spiciness, so I thought it was a bit too spicy--my mom loved it custard bun: small and delicate--possibly the BEST custard buns I've eaten at a Chinese buffet. Not soggy and not dry--the PERFECT dim-sum quality texture banana "pudding" (in squares): silky smooth, cool, and delicious unlabeled dessert that tasted like banana pudding with a tasty base of banana cake and bananas--it had the "fake" artificial banana flavor that my brother really enjoys unlabeled soft-serve "ice cream" that I strongly suspect was actually frozen yogurt--not watery, but a bit icy as frozen yogurt often is. I loved it, though, being lactose-intolerant and all cantaloupe-fresh!!!! It was actually FRESH!!!!! Oh, the joy of finding fresh fruit at a Chinese buffet  Missing food (that is, what Pacific Buffet has that this place doesn't)  -Crab legs: my mom said they used to have these, but Chinese families would grab 5-6 plates of crabs legs per person, in order to get their money's worth. Personally, I've always found crab legs at buffets to be bland and uninspired -Pineapple RIce -Red bean paste bun shaped like a peach -More sashimi/sushi offerings -frog legs -hard scoop ice cream (green tea amongst other flavors) -sweet dessert soup (with white fungus, gingko nuts, and dates/longan) -BBQ pork buns (actually it might have been Phoenix Palace that used to have this way back when it was a buffet)  Price: $9.99+tax. Best deal EVER.  For the value, City Buffet has the freshest seafood in town. Almost everything was authentic (no overly sauced, greasy, "spicy" Americanized Chinese food here) and that might be the problem. Chinese people like authentic Chinese food, but they would never go to a buffet unless it had expensive items like crab legs and sashimi--otherwise, they can just prepare it at home. I'm afraid this hidden gem might close down or worse, descend to the depths of bad American Chinese. And there's far too much of that already.  4.5 stars (but I'll round up)~shrimp. tuna salmon sushi california roll, tuna-- salad-- beef: coconut shrimp: chicken: chicken: chicken banana " banana banana cake banana ice cream" frozen yogurt-- frozen yogurt peach ice cream ( tea white pork 
This place was absolutely the worst buffet I've ever been to.  Honestly, I'm not even a picky eater. Even though I am Chinese, I would not say I'm a Chinese food snob. I firmly believe that amazing Chinese food and dim sum can be found outside of San Francisco and yes, even in buffets. I love myself a good Chinese buffet and have been to much better ones.  BUT, this place is just bad  As a disclaimer, I do not eat seafood, so it was partly my fault for coming here. I can't comment on those dishes, but I can't imagine them being very good based on the other dishes  I started with noodle bowl station. This is really what convinced me to stay here since I love noodles. Well, the wonton were tiny and bland, while it seemed like they put three noodles in the bowl with a huge amount of broth. The beef stew noodle was also lacking in the amount of noodles and the noodles were still clumped up. The beef was so tough, and there were 7 or 8 pieces of anise in the bowl. Too much.  The mongolian grill was next as I figured, this will be better since I can choose my own stuff. NOPE. There was hardly any flavoring in the stirfry, the meats were awful quality, and no sauces really to flavor it all.  They have standard "Chinese" buffet fare like beef broccoli, spring rolls and orange chicken, in addition to some dim sum. The dim sum buns were hard and these dishes just tasted unappetizing. Blah. The spring roll was especially offensive. The only thing that I enjoyed were the fried wings, which I stuck to after discovering everything else was not good.    Save yourself the trouble and find another buffet if you're hungry.~beef beef beef broccoli, chicken, 
Very poor customer service! I took in a few ladies cotton shirts be laundered and lightly starched. I like my white cotton shirts to look fresh and crisp. Two girls at the counter both said that ladies shirts cannot be laundered, only dry cleaned. Only men's shirts can be laundered. That makes no sense! I said that I would take them somewhere else to be laundered. The girls said "everyone else has the same equipment they won't be able to launder them either." I went directly across the street to DO Summers and asked if I could have the shirts laundered and they said "of course." Is Al Fran Cleaners under new management or why are they so clueless?~white 
I came here to use their WiFi. I had a chai latte which was fabulous. The staff was very friendly and the coffee shop was mostly quiet I got a lot of work done.~coffee 
Coffee is fine, foo foo coffees are fine, pastries are fine, teas are fine, ambiance is pretty good with wireless and a nice selection of books to choose from, even location is pretty good. The problem, and it is a persistent problem with these people, is the service is terrible. Indifferent counter help on their best days, downright surly on their bad days. It's to the point where we won't even go in there anymore. Such potential...... lost to a crabby attitude towards the customers. If you want to own or work in a coffee shop then be ready to screw a smile on your face and show some positive energy.~coffee pastries coffee 
I usually go to coffee shops to work and Mama Javas is a strong contender in my rotation.  They have free internet and a variety of comfortable seats inside and out.  The coffee is great but the snacks and food leave a bit to be desired.    I enjoy the art they have on the walls which is rotated regularly.  They have regular live entertainment including open Mic Nights which draw quite a crowd.  Even when packed and loud I am still able to find comfort and quiet space to work in the back room.~coffee coffee 
This place is right down the street from my house. It's close and in a great location (small shopping mall with a Zipps).  I really, really want to like this place, but for some reason the Barista's cannot get my order right! I do not like 3 pumps of any flavor in my latte, it's frankly too much flavor. Especially vanilla, it is already strong on it's own. Not sure why all these places claim to have the best coffee and espresso yet mask if with all the sugary flavors! All I ask for is a one pump vanilla latte, that's it! By the time I get to my car to take my first sip, it's ALWAYS WRONG. Guess I should drink it at the table to make sure it's right. I even see the barista write it down on the cup. Hmm not sure the disconnect here.  If you are looking for free wifi and a decent selection, check this place out. Just make sure you bring enough $$ so they don't charge the ridiculous .50 charge for using a card!~coffee 
I have been going to Mama Javas with my daughter  since she was was 9 months old. I love this place. Seriously!  The coffee is awesome, the location is as well. And the big table in the back room is perfect for spreading out a bunch of light plots to review.   I just stopped by earlier last week and saw they had re done the back room a bit, and it had a much better layout.  The food is good, especially the potato knish. I wish they had an actual kitchen, but since they are a coffee shop and not a restaurant, I can give them a pass.  And the live music is great as well, really I wish we had more places like this, but then again, I guess that you shouldn't mess with perfection.~coffee potato coffee 
i discovered this coffee joint after i got a new job in the neighborhood and my addiction to caffeine forced me to start looking around. from the outside, it doesn't look like much, a couple of plain patio chairs and tables, but once you walk in, you'll know this is going to be a regular stop on your way to go anywhere. very nice atmosphere, revolving art pieces over every wall, and my favorite, and actual espresso machine! (unlike the push button machines i find at every starbucks.) the staff is always awesome, and the clientele is very diverse. anyone from the suit and tie on the way to the office, to the hippie getting his morning started, everyones there and seems to be enjoying themselves.  i have to admit i haven't had any of their food yet, and im a creature of habit, so i found a few drinks that i like, and have stuck with them. but their iced coffee is hands down the best ive ever had. its strong but without any acidity. just smooth good tasting coffee. also, their pomegranate green iced tea is so good i didn't drink anything else for months. so if your looking for an alternative to starbucks that has a great atmosphere and even better coffee, give this place a try.~coffee coffee coffee. pomegranate tea coffee, 
This little coffee house is great. I didn't actually have a coffee, but I definitely enjoyed the pastries they had. There were three different kinds: chocolate dipped coconut macaroon, raspberry and chocolate rugulah. The macaroon was amazing, especially with a tall glass of ice cold milk. I also enjoyed the art that decorated the walls... pretty cool place.~coffee coffee, pastries coconut milk. 
I will start with the disclaimer that I love independent coffee shops. I'm not a Starbucks girl. So I think I wanted to like Mama Java's better than I actually did.  My co-worker and I headed there one afternoon to do a little work. We walked in and there was nobody there (but it was the middle of the afternoon on a weekday). The barista must have been hard of hearing because even though it was pretty quiet in there we had to repeat our orders several times. But he got them right eventually so I guess that's what really matters. We sat down at a little table near the window and over time the place did start to fill up. But there was just something about the vibe in there that I wasn't feeling that day. I can't put my finger on it but it just wasn't the comfy coffeehouse feeling I'm used to at other places. Maybe it was just what I was working on.  I would go back but I wouldn't rush back. Sorry!~coffee 
I really enjoyed myself here!! I wish mamas was closer to me! The prices are around starbucks but, that's okay. I was spontaneous one day and wanted to find a great place to sit and work and I found Mama Javas! So awsome! Im not a "hipster" so I wasnt really feeling the atmosphere or did I feel like I fit in (they could work on that) But, I was there to work and enjoy coffee and I did. Bagel was amazing too!~coffee 
I have loved this place for a long time.  It troubles me that people write such negative things in their reviews.  Hi, it costs money to have a credit card machine and if you don't spend over five bucks it costs the COMPANY money. Duh.   And in regards to closing early, yes, it is a bummer.  However, it would be a far greater bummer if they had to close down instead.  In an economy where businesses are disappearing left and right, they are still here.  That says a lot.  The coffee is delicious, latte art very cool and the new baked goods made in-house are absolutely to die for.  Keep up the great work guys!~coffee 
As an out-of-towner, I found this place by accident and was completely thrilled with it.  The Americano was as good as those I find at home and the breakfast sandwiches hit the spot.  In a place where Starbucks seems to be on every corner, it was very refreshing to find such a fine indy coffee place.  The free wi-fi was a great bonus.~coffee 
What a delightful little treat! I have wanted to check this place out since I learned about it last summer and finally went. I got there late, so they were closing up shop, but I still had a great experience. My coffee shop benchmark is espresso. If a coffee shop can't get espresso right, then there is no hope that it can get anything else right. But Mama Java's gets espresso right! With just a splash of milk it tantalized my espresso loving taste buds with its smooth, sweet flavor. Like a good coffee shop there was lots of books, art, things to eat, places to sit, etc. This is a place I could spend hours on my laptop or a place to sit and talk philosophy.~coffee coffee milk coffee 
Okay, so I actually like Mama Java's coffee, expect for they looked at me crazy the other day when we asked for cream. Last I checked Cream and Sugar are the coffee standards. Anyway, my problems lies in what has happened in the coffee world. I know there is the big debate between Sbux and smaller privately owned coffee shops. I am the first to admit that yes I prefer the smaller shops. Here is my problem....   Products take on the name as the product, i.e Band-aid, Levis, Q-tip, Duck Tape, ect. I think it is VERY rude to correct a customer when you know what they mean. This happened to me - I should have stated Medium however I forgot and said Grande - OMG shoot me now, the look of disgust and the correction. I wanted to take my $4 back and go to Sbux, at least they don't correct you and the customer is always right   This become more evident when I was at Tuesday morning with a friend and I told her we should grab some coffee, but I actually had to tell her before we went in to not say Grande. She laughed her light hearted self and rolled with it. Really though, I have to tell a friend make sure you order correctly.   Anyway, the last straw was yesterday when my boyfriend asked for cream in his ice coffee and they stared at him like it was crazy. I get wanting to be a liberal elitist, I think of my self as one sometimes. You just can't forget the customer is the business. If you know what they mean roll with it - DONT correct them. For $4 a cup of fancy coffee, I'll go to Crate and Barrell and buy a cappuccino maker and make my own. Yes Mama Java - this liberal elitist knows how to make her own.~coffee, coffee coffee coffee coffee, coffee coffee, 
Been coming here for a long time.  Coffee is decent, can't speak to the froofy stuff, I stick to boring black.  Generally not too busy (unlike Lux), free wi-fi, great music, plenty of seating with a few not very appealing chairs on the sidewalk outside.  Never pretentious.  They always feature a variety of artists, and offer more local music and open mics than most places.  This place supports Phx artists, makes me happy to support them.~coffee 
Officially the roo--gaah--laa is very tasty in all 3 flavors.  Chocolate, raspberry and apple cinnamon.  K.~apple 
An independent coffee house is Phoenix?  Really?  Yep.  The coffee is okay, but I wouldn't come here for the coffee.  Come here to read a book, people watch, listen to some music, be social.~coffee coffee coffee. 
This used to be one of my favorite places and the coffee and entertainment are still good, but it hasn't been service with a smile recently.  I've sadly decided to check out the other places in this area (and there are plenty).~coffee 
Was walking by and really wasn't in the mood for coffee.....but.....something won me over. Don't know if it was that I was just having a 'leisure day' or didn't want to go home and do household chores I've been putting off or the look of the place and that it wasn't busy at all. (I'm going with a combination of all four options with a HEAVY leaning towards not wanting to get home and do chores.) ;-)  So, in I walked and went for an iced mocha. Made quickly and professionally. I almost opted for a rugala....and now I wish I had since several reviews say they are great. Next time....  Like I said, it wasn't busy....nice and quiet....which is good for coffee time. For me, anyway.   Liked the vibe of the place....a few small tables and chairs and a couch...(or two?). There is free wi-fi available.....cool, cool, cool.   They seem to sometimes have live music which if I have a night off may go back for. And they have some breakfast options available too - breakfast sandwiches and omelettes. Nothing too fancy or extravagant but good to know if I'm up early and want breakfast.   Will definitely go back and try it out again.~coffee..... coffee 
We wandered in here after walking back to the Zipp's parking lot for vehicle retrieval. I got a delicious peach iced tea that I didn't want to end. However, I just walked half a mile in 100 degree weather, so it had to.  They have adorable little treats for only $.60 each (or 3 for $1.50). The chocolate covered macaroon was by far the best. Much like the elusive "Bon Bon" I feel like I've heard a lot about Macaroons in my life, while never actually tasting one, so I'm glad that changed with Mama Java.  Also, they have a toy sushi set that I really enjoyed. It was among the books. Next to the Mr. Potato Head. I think it was for children, but I'm easily amused so I had a fun time with it.  The only thing I would change is the $.50 surcharge for credit card transactions. But their macaroons are only $.60. I could probably scrounge up that kinda coin from my car any given day, so I'm not too worried about it.~peach tea sushi potato 
I'd give MJ's 5 stars if they stayed open later, which they used to do.  It's completely understandable why they don't - they weren't getting the business after 6 to support later hours.  And they tried - live music, amateur poetry (is there any other kind?), art shows, etc.  The coffee is good, the staff can be a bit forgetful but it's more amusing than annoying, it's comfortable, free wifi, lots of space for meetings/studying, lots of natural light (run trolls, run), and they now have a new section of gluten-free baked goods - to my knowledge the only in the area.  As for the credit card service charge - it's never been an issue for me.  I usually carry some cash or can find two quarters in my car and, to be honest, I'd gladly pay an extra half-dollar to drink good joe rather than that burnt swill SBX pushes.~coffee 
I need a 3 1/2 star choice.  Four starts for the coffee, three stars for the atmosphere.    Things I like:  Their coffee: That's important when going to a coffee house.  Accessibility: Lots of parking available.  Local Support:  They had multiply local artist work there to buy including their baked goods.  Things I would work on:  Ambiance: A real bummer of a place.  I just wanted to get my coffee and get the heck out.  It was an environment I wanted to sit and enjoy.  When you think coffee house, you think a place to meet friends, read, relax.  Not here.  It was too quiet, sterile, and the staff need a kick of caffeine themselves and maybe some knowledge on their goods their selling.    So I write this review to let folks know to stop by and definitely grab a cup a joe to go and I also write this to let Mama Java's staff know they should take a lesson from Hava Java up the street when it comes to customer service.  You will never find the coffee spot empty.~coffee, coffee: coffee coffee coffee coffee 
another place that i really like but whose coffee is totally sub par. bitter shots, bubbly milk in my macchiato. good for other kinds of drinks, i'm sure, and i love their book selection and their general seating area. it's very spacious. if you're looking for poetry slams and traditional folk company, this would be the place for you.~coffee milk 
I'm going with Gabi on this one (kiss ass that I am) and raising it one star. I'm all about customer service. And the ladies serving up the joe at yelp office hours were perky and aromatic. Just like the coffee! Just remember. No cell phone at the counter....we don't want Mama Dearest Java Coffee House now do we!? "NO CELL PHONES AT THE COUUUUNNNTTTER!!"~coffee! coffee 
Good coffee. Casual, comfortable ambiance and I had no trouble finding a plug. They have a ton of local products and really yummy bagels and pastries. I don't know that I would continue to go out of my way to go here, but it was definitely not too shabby!~coffee. pastries. 
My gal and I decided to give Mama Java's a try and I realize why I love Hava Java so much.   Mama Java does have good coffee! If you want a good cup of Joe this could be your place. I guess I have been spoiled by HJ's service.   Mama Java's seems to have a more sterile and less friendly feel to it. It could have just been the time we went, but I had no desire to stay and drink our coffee. The place wasn't as welcoming as our usual hangouts.  Overall the coffee was worth 4 stars, unfortunately the service and atmosphere brought it down a little for me.~coffee! coffee. coffee 
Love this place!  They're so friendly and the coffee is fantastic.  I'm a sucker for Starbucks because of the drive thru... but the more I visit Mama Java's the more I remember just how bad Starbucks really is.  If you haven't visited this place yet, do it!~coffee 
Don't be fooled -- Mama Java's isn't a coffeeshop; it's actually a secret portal into Eugene, Oregon. Yes, really, right in that funky strip mall on Indian School, next to the Tuesday Morning.   They have it all: hipster baristas, art on the walls, laid-back, slightly funky vibe. They even have the requisite kooky, befuddled, aging hippie behind the counter. He can't quite remember your order, but it's OK, because he's probably going to make you something delicious anyway, and he won't be a dick when you tell him it's the wrong thing.  They've also got that special brand of uppity-ness that you only find in coffeeshops -- you know, the kind that leads the baristas to post handwritten signs forbidding you from using your cell at the counter. Again, it's OK. After all, if you're on the phone while order, you are, in fact, a total fucking douche.   The coffee's pretty tasty and the beans seem fresh, and they have a great setup for studying or working -- even tables in a little back nook that are perfect for groups. Free wifi, of course, and what looked to be a tasty small menu.   Now if only they could transplant some evergreens to block out Indian School Road...then it really would be like Oregon.~coffee 
I can't work at home because the bed always calls my name. So I needed a place to go where it would slightly uncomfortable to sleep at, offered free-wi-fi and possibly have cute boys I can pretend to not stare at.   Mama Java's fulfilled one of my requirements: it was definitely not  a place I could nap at. There are lots of tables, not enough outlets for your laptop and only ONE couch that I wouldn't even think about having drunk sex on. To be fair, this is a coffee shop, not a whore house so ignore my last comment.   What I meant was that it isn't a cozy place, rather cold, actually. I'm used to smaller coffee places where its warm from the steaming coffee cups, the closeness of people sitting around me and the many couches or arm chairs. I just need a hug at Mama Java's.   There was only one guy at the counter when I was there and a long line but I don't have anything important to get to so I didn't mind the wait. I ordered a non-fat chai latte and it okay. Too sugary and strong spices.  I'm actually writing this review as I'm finishing up here at Mama Java's. It's getting cold and I have to go pee really bad, so I have to wrap up this review and head home, which is just down the street. I have a shy bladder.~coffee coffee coffee 
Not a bad local coffee spot.  I had a pretty tasty blueberry muffin here and an iced coffee. Prices were okay and the shop had a very warm and inviting feel to it.  There are always plenty of people around to watch if you need some entertainment.  Or you can always do like I did and bring a book to read- it's a great way to relax!~coffee coffee. 
Exceptionally comfy and attitude-free coffee place. Plenty of evening entertainment, free wi-fi, and the friendliest staff around. Definitely a neighborhood mecca for those of us in Arcadia or the Arcadia-ish area. Meet your neighbors or sit and chill -- free will is the essence of Mama Java.~coffee 
Pretty sweet little spot with nice and bitter espresso and quality artwork on the walls.  Doesn't 'try too hard' to be a hipster joint or to differentiate itself, instead seeming to pride itself on an innate classic-ness.  It seems ridiculous to use such words describing a coffee shop, but coffee seems to have a life of its own when it comes to creating its own subculture, similar to wine.~coffee coffee 
PROS: Coffee quality, espresso quality, Barista skill, Barista friendliness, espresso drink menu is outstanding in terms of options and clever twists, and Layout/design is SUPERBLY inviting and cozy, and its perfectly lit, mostly taking advantage of natural light.  Pleasing mix of live entertainment.  Free Wifi, and 80% of the patrons seem to be using it at any given time for hours on end (coffee shop commuter office).  Middle of the Road:  nothing, really, the elements of this place are either very good (see above) or rather bad (see below).   CONS:  Those damned debit card charges are kind of annoying.  Staff can get overwhelmed at peak times.  Breakfast stuff is fair to slightly-above-average quality, but surprisingly limited for such a popular place.  Location is humble (but convenient), smashed between a scary looking bar and a weird hardware-type retailer.  Probably my third favorite local coffee shop in the valley behind 32 Shea and Coffee Roastery on Hayden (and I've tried dozens and dozens of them), and I definitely beat a path to Mama Java's whenever I'm in the area.~coffee coffee coffee coffee 
This is my spot. The mature staff members are very refined, like European cafe barista meets Santa Monica cool-cat. Participating in the coffee of the day feature is always fun. I hold most of my professional meetings here and also meet friends here to break up the day. Even the patrons here are way cool. The prices are alright and they support non-profits too, which I like I think is stupendous.~coffee 
The pastries are SO good here.  The vibe is comfy.   Did I mention the pastries?  SO good.~pastries pastries? 
It takes forever for them to make a coffee. I have never been overly impressed, and wish that they would offer some gluten-free goodies! I heard that the Terrabite Bakery offers some GF goodies there, but I've never seen it. Although it's a cool atmosphere, I'm not sure I'm impressed enough to go back.~coffee. 
This place was ok.  It has a real crunchy vibe.  The iced coffee is kind of bitter.  There are interesting people hanging out in there.  I kind of felt like I was intruding on the staff, their conversation seemed more important than serving.~coffee 
strongest coffee, pure organic milk and great atmosphere! I dream about the coffee!~coffee, milk coffee! 
Acacia Cafe is, apparently, closed on Sundays. Luckily, Mama Java's is in the same complex so I took my friend to it due to remembering the reviews were positive. The cafe is warm and inviting and we went straight to the eggs speciasl-better luck before 2pm on weekends, folks. The display case had danishes, muffins, bagels and an odd exhibit of bowls with raisin bran already poured into  just ready for milk, I suppose? I went for the potato knish, which was way over priced at 3.25 and since a sign on the sandwich board said "For 50 cents add tomato or cucumber to your bagel...or whatever", I added what were light pink unappealing tomato slices. I ordered a Cafe Mocha soy...and he charged me 50 cents for the soy (ERRRRRR). I wanted at least a fruit cup but there was only a bowl of some bananas, an apple and an orange for the fruit options. My total was like almost 8 bucks-I could have had a full breakfast and coffee at Wildflower Bakery for that amount! The cafe person warned me my knish may be too "peppery". My friend was so hungry she got the ham and cheese sandwich...made with american cheese. No fruit, chips, whatever and a coffee. We sat by the window and perused the lackluster books for browsing (1989 travel guides to Portugal, anyone?) although we did end up on the sofa laughing at Garfield books someone had left.   The prices and quality of food were absurd and I hate being charged 50 cents for soy milk aka the lactose intolerance tax. And since most people are quiet doing work, I felt strange shootin' the shit like we may be annoying people. I don't think I will be back anytime soon.~raisin milk, potato sandwich tomato cucumber tomato apple coffee cheese sandwich 
With a friendly barrista staff, Mama Java's is one of those coffeehouses you immediately feel comfortable at. Good coffee with a nice, unassuming atmosphere, including a real comfy couch which you can sit back and relax on. Free Wi-Fi and live entertainment on most nights (eg. bluegrass on Sundays, open mic on Tuesdays) are big pluses, too.   Definitely a positive attribute to the Arcadia neighborhood.~coffee 
Mama Java...often the highlight of my day!   Ok, so i might be a bit of a caffeine addict and while i am sure that contributes to feeling good almost every time i walk in the door at Mama Java, it is also the coffee and the staff that make me smile.  Best coffee, truly!  Jensy and Billie (the baristas) are sweet, fun, friendly and truly coffee prodigies.  I am sure they will have their very own coffee shop someday soon but for now I am happy to give them my $4.06 everyday like clockwork!!~coffee coffee, coffee coffee 
I popped in here yesterday with my boyfriend to kill some time before going somewhere else. We were there around 5pm and there were only four other people there and two people behind the counter. They kind of left us alone until we were ready to order something, which I really liked. However, we shared a Frozen Mocha and it was just not very good.  I thought it tasted like like the coffee had been burnt, but my boyfriend said it was more likely they used a powder mix instead of real coffee.   Also, it took them almost ten minutes to make this one drink with only 5 people in the entire place--four of which were at different tables talking and reading.   The place itself looks cool and they have a bunch of books if you want to read one, but I didn't want to be there too long since we had somewhere else to be. The drink we got, which was only 16oz was  overpriced for $5.50. Cool and comfortable location, but as of right now Starbucks has better cold drinks, in my opinion.   Maybe we'll go back another time and try something else.    (Edited.)~coffee coffee. 
Was working around the corner and saw this shack at the last minute.  I had to rush out of the house today with no coffee and no Wheaties. It wasn't going to be a hectic day thankfully, but having a giant latte and a bird seed bagel with cream cheese sure would hit the spot.  Thank you my friends!~coffee cheese 
Was a great joint- I usually go to fair trade coffee down town PHX, and I must say I enjoy here better after 1 trip.  The Lil orange hair lady was kind and my coffee was yum!  Macaroons, yes please!  Music that most can listen to was being played and some books were available.  Go here to relax and yea.. Go~coffee coffee 
The short: It's all solidly good--the not-too-pricey coffee, the simple pastries, the breakfast sandwiches and knishes, the baristas, and the comfortable and mellow atmosphere when going solo or meeting a few friends.   The long: Located on the southeast corner of Indian School and 36th St., in the strip mall between Tuesday Morning and Darwin's, MJ's is accessible and fairly easy to sign. The wall of windows lights the place up awesomely, and even at night, it doesn't turn into one of those dark, moody coffee joints. They find new artists to show art every couple of months or so, and it's usually pretty good. Their couple handfuls of small tables are easy to shift around if you're joining a group, but big groups might feel uncomfortable since it's not exactly huge. There's a nice quiet room around the back for people studying, but it's not enclosed, so on open mic nights or nights when there are featured performers, it's not so quiet. I love how clean they keep the place; when the baristas aren't working the counter, they're wiping down the windows, bussing tables, and restocking the coffee condiment bar.   Speaking of the baristas, they're always friendly and attentive, good at showing off how to hustle (because when a coffee shop's busy, I feel better if baristas actually act like it), and totally interesting to look at--like fashion icons for today's college-aged generation, some with interesting piercings and tattoos, fashionable and stylish by not trendy clothes--seems like there's an appreciation for staff who are unique, interesting, and good workers. It's never uncomfortable, though--meaning, I never feel too old or unhip or out of place there. Customers truly run the gamut, from quiet middle-aged women catching up with each other, moms and/or dads with kids, suit-and-tie professionals stopping in for a cuppa, people hitting the wi-fi, and angsty artsy types having heated but civil political debates.   I usually have the chai tea latte, but their coffee is always solid (I can attest to a decent café mocha), and I hear a lot of praise about their daily specials--every day, a different bean, special coffee, and iced tea. Prices are a little cheaper than Starbucks (I think it was $2.50 for the tasty mango lemon iced tea, and the larger specialty coffees can go up to $4.50), but the drinks are better. Pastries are always tasty and include a small selection of rugalah (buttery, flaky, chocolatey goodness--also available with raspberry or apple), a bigger selection of muffins, big and puffy croissants, bagels, cookies, brownies, rice krispie treats--certainly not a fully stocked French patisserie, but what they have is usually really good quality. They also serve one or two different quiches every day, potato knishes, breakfast sandwiches, and omelets.~coffee, pastries, coffee coffee coffee tea coffee coffee, tea. mango lemon tea, pastries apple) cookies, potato 
I was thrilled that two places I'd bookmarked from Yelp were in the same strip mall!  After my mani/pedi, I walked down to Mama Java's for an iced coffee.  The inside of this place was very cute -- very funky coffeehouse.    The guy working was a little odd -- very nice, but a little absent-minded.  I asked for an iced coffee and he got me hot coffee.  I told him I wanted it iced and he was like, "oh yeah!  Right!"  I got my iced coffee with sugar free hazelnut syrup.  It was really delicious, and really pretty reasonably priced.  It was one of the better iced coffees I've had.  Not a Starbucks fan (it always tastes burnt), so I'm always on the lookout for new places.  I like supporting the smaller, independent coffee houses anyway -- they seem to have a better vibe, and it's always a good idea to support small businesses.  Even though the guy working was a little odd, I will definitely be back.  Good prices and great product!~coffee. coffee coffee. coffee coffee 
New in town, I had heard nothing but good things about Mama Java's, so since I live half a mile up 36th, I decided to walk down and try it for myself. I walked in and was immediately introduced to a warm, welcoming atmosphere. A very popular place, there were many people, and there was still ample seating. As I approached the counter, I had asked a friendly employee what they would recommend. As soon as she had asked if I liked chocolate, I quickly nodded in confirmation. I didn't have to wait very long for preparation of my soy mocha, which tasted truly outstanding. I highly recommend Mama Java's Coffee House, it's very well worth the price...SO much better than commercially owned coffee houses like Starbucks.~coffee coffee 
Discovered this gem on a Friday afternoon. Great Latte. Cool Kick back down to earth staff. More comfortable vibe than any coffeehouse in Seattle I've been to. Great of them to have the Heather Hill Photo showing for Provety Pets going on when I stopped in. I was able to browse the photos and then order without feeling I had to.   They could use a few more flavors for their coffee drinks though, I like butter rum and butterscotch if you;re reading. For the moment it;s not walking distance for me but I consider it a great neighborhood spot.~coffee butter 
If you want a coffee house that makes coffee like its their own personal artwork, this is the place.  Great service, great atmosphere and most importantly, great coffee that is made how it is supposed to be made.  on the comments about the .50 credit card charges...obviously these people have no clue how expensive it is to have a credit card machine and how much each transaction costs.  It is hard for mom and pop shops to survive in the world of greed lusting chains.~coffee coffee coffee 
River Island is one of my favourite clothing stores that I like to visit. This store is large and sells a range of Men clothing as well as womens. I like the up to date modern designs on the clothes, they could make mens designs more interesting instead of plain white tops and black v-neck tops. I really like the shoe range as for it is modern looking and unique. The prices of the clothes is rather expensive, like a t-shirt could be 25.00 pounds for a plain white top, which isn't really worth it. But sometimes they have nice items, depending on the season. The quality I would say is good.~date white white 
Goof quality shop that is up to date with all the latest fashions. products can all be found and bought online at http://www.riverisland.co.uk/ Clothes are all correctly priced and everything is off good quality.~date 
Huge portion sizes. One sandwich is plenty for 2 people. Kind of expensive for a deli but the food was good. Conveniently located next to the Cleveland clinic.~sandwich 
It's really close to my workplace, so it gets attention from me.  Chicago Deli is very much a deli... fresh meats and lettuce and tomatos go a long way.  Service is moderately quick and prices are middle of the road.  One highlight is the Romanian.  Great Salami sandwich with a slightly different sauce.  First place I've had this particular combo.  I've eaten it once, and I'll eat it again!~lettuce sandwich 
I ate here because I didn't have a car and I had nowhere else to go to get some food. The restaurant looked normal but the options weren't very appealing to me.  I was reluctant at first but I ended up getting a sandwich and a bowl of chili.  It wasn't amazing but it did the trick.     If I stay at the hotel again I'll probably eat here just for a quick bite before I got out but I'd rather travel a few miles to find something better.~sandwich 
PATHETIC... The waitress slammed my coffee on the table, gave me no creamer or sweetener, I still said thank you as she rushed off. I tried to get her attention as she ran around like a chicken with her head cut off. She was obviously in the weeds, but that's no reason to slam down guests food and drink. She was obviously unhappy which made me unhappy and unwanted... So I left and will NEVER go back!!~coffee chicken 
If you love Corned Beef Sandwiches, This is the place to go.  FRESH SLICED Corned Beef.  They make different sandwiches with corned beef.  But these are the best I have had.  They have other food, but I don't ever get the other food... lol I eat there everytime I am at the Cleveland Clinic. It is worth the stop for lunch.~beef beef. beef. 
I'm going to attempt a twisted metaphor in my review, pitching The Ale House as the Gregg's sausage roll of pubs. A hostelry that performs its role admirably, yet apparently has few pretensions towards fashion or changing tastes. As you descend the rickety stairs to the toilets there's something a bit dirty about the whole experience, with greasy graffiti adorning the walls. But if this is what you were looking for, an instant hit of gratification, you'll find few better examples.  The beers on offer are standard fare, with a guest ale or two on tap. During the festival at least there's a mixed clientele of young and old, but I'm sure The Ale House is welcoming enough at any time of year.~sausage instant 
Women eeh!! {see reviews below} - this is a pub, it shows sport, serves beer, pork scratching and scampi fries!  Like a well known brand it does what it says on the tin! Would I go back with a mixed group of friends - probably not! Would I go back for a pint and to watch the footy to avoid having to hear 'Tarquin' saying its just not cricket.... - yes!  No ayres and graces, no non-sense, friendly staff! Seems fair to me.~sport, pork fries! 
"Let's get a drink!"  "Ok!" "Um...where?" "Next door!" "Yes, go!"  So went the general conversation at Kampong Ah Lee after our yelp get-together meal. All hailing from completely different parts of the city, we just wanted somewhere close that sold drink, and you can't get anywhere much closer than next door.  I have to admit I wouldn't have normally stopped in here, or gone out of my way to. It's an old man pub, which I think attracts mainly said old men and students. There were lots of students, huddled around tables eating lots of packets of chocolate biscuits with their pints. Awh, bless.  But the bar staff were friendly, easy going and didn't mind a crowd of us around the bar despite that there were ample free seats. The tv screens are obviously an appeal as almost every man I spoke to (Chris M, Jurgen D, Joe A, Andrew...I'm looking at you all!) got that distracted, distant-look of "ooo shiney moving things on a flat screen" look more than once.  There's a lot of old man boozer's on Nicholson Street. This was 8pm on a Tuesday evening. It was pleasant enough, I think mainly down to the company. It wasn't my cup of tea, but I didn't experience anything particularly terrible here. Although I didn't use the toilets or stay past 9pm...~tea, 
For a chain, the food at Zizzi is excellent. The menu changes with the seasons and includes a good range of dishes including traditional pastas and pizzas as well as meat and fish dishes, with a good range for vegetarians too. The restaurant is rather open plan and, if sitting downstairs, you can see the chefs hard at work with their huge pizza oven. The staff are friendly but the restaurant can lack atmosphere if there aren't too many diners. When it's busy the service can be slow, but this is perhaps only to be expected. Worth a visit for a tasty and reasonably priced Italian lunch or dinner if in the area.~pizza 
yes, zizzi is a chain but there is nothing wrong with giving a chain restaurant a good review if they provide good service and tasty food.  this is exactly what this zizzi did for eight hungry people on this past friday night.   after being told we couldn't order food in hyde out (for reasons unknown to us as the cook was clearly making food in the kitchen) we headed to the next closest option and lucky for us it was this zizzi.  we we first came in the waiter that greeted us seemed a bit put out that there were eight of us for a table without reservations (although they were only moderately busy with empty tables available).  luckily for us the guy set a table anyway and we were shown to it with our drink orders taken by a lovely and friendly waitress.  i really have to compliment the waitress on her service for us.  she was lovely and polite and helpful the entire time, checking on us after the food arrived but not constantly being around or disappearing for long lengths of time.  after such poor service at hyde out i was really pleased that this girl was so attentive and friendly, well done to zizzi for hiring her!  the food was also very lovely.  we had an assortment of garlic breads to start, my favourite being the tomato with pesto although the garlic bread with cheese was also quite tasty.  i had a rustica pizza for my main with auberinge, rocket, olives, sundried tomatoes, and mushrooms (which i'd subsituted for the peppers) drizzled with pesto.  it was awesome!! and the perfect thing to line my tummy for the drinks to come in the night ahead.  i also shared a really lovely sauvigon blanc that was fruity and fresh and so enjoyable :)  so yes a chain restuarant, but this place had good quality food and good service.    it's a bit of a shame that it's tucked away behind cargo but this didn't seem to stop people from finding it.  so well done zizzi for proving that chain restaurants can also provide a lovely and tasty meal.~garlic tomato garlic cheese pizza mushrooms ( 
Zizzi's is an often overlooked Italian restaurant group, particularly with the dominance of this area by Pizza Express.  I visited their restaurant on Fountain Quay a couple of year's ago, and had a very enjoyable evening.  The location is the first aspect of this restaurant that is striking.  It is situated at the canal basin that marks the end of the Union Canal, which links Edinburgh to Falkirk.  This area was developed relatively recently, and befits the fashionable image that people would now associate with the Fountainbridge area of Edinburgh.  The building that houses the restaurant is primarily glass in construction, and this affords diners a great view of the canal basin and the moored boats.  The food is particularly good.  Prices are comparable to its competitors, and the quality of the food is great.  I was there as part of a large group, and never at one point did I feel that anything was taking too long, or did I impatiently have to catch the eye of the waiting staff.  The kitchen feels like part of the restaurant, and if you're looking hard enough, you can actually see your meal coming together.  This is a great restaurant.  It's a shame that it doesn't get more attention, and I would recommend it as a great meal out along the same lines as Pizza Express.~pizza pizza 
I wouldnt say I was overly impressed with this place, I went when it was not long opened though so it may have changed. I went at the weekend for a meal with my boyfriend and was surprised at the casualness of the place for a weekend evening. The menus were quitr good and its just normally priced like most other Italians. the menu consists mostly of pizza and pasta, the pasta I had was very nice but we waited quite a while and the service was generally just ok. The thing that spoilt it for me was that all the waiting staff had on jeans and thier own clothes so it was hard to tell who to ask for things and none of them seemed to be very well trained, a bi disappointing as it is in a nice new development along the Union Canal and could be so much better than it is.~pizza pasta, pasta 
For all of Edinburgh's numerous qualities, it sorely lacks a good, authentic pizza establishment.   Sad but very, very true.   Saying this, Zizzi, in my opinion, is definitely the best of what's on offer. Very thin, crisp bases and a wide range of gourmet styled toppings make this a place you can come and enjoy your £10 pizza.  ...and yes, you can get takeaway!~pizza pizza 
I went here on Saturday to meeting with the only people that I would generally goto such a place with, with my Parents, sister, brother in law and their two kids. This is because if I'm eating out - I want to go somewhere special (preferably somewhere that does beer) and also because they were paying, I was pretty much ok with it.  Food is good. Pretty wheat heavy. Pizza, pasta, garlic bread etc - luckily I'd just been out on a long ride so was feeling like I deserved it.  I had some weird half calzone. It was good though! There is a lot of spice going on in their stuff sometimes though which I'm not 100% happy with. Sometimes it just seems to be a bit OTT.   However the staff are great, they don't mind kids, it's big enough that I don't mind the fact that there are kids, and it's in a central location.   So - basically - good for a quick lunch etc, but I ain't taking a date here.~wheat pizza pasta, garlic date 
Zizzi is one of those places you never really plan on going to. I've recently had to relocate to the Fountain Court apartments that sit across the canal from here and we decided to grab some food. We had our 2 month old in tow and the short distance appealed...  I can honestly say that I enjoyed every minute of the Zizzi experience (in the past I've never been that fussed). The pasta was super fresh and full of flavour, the staff were amazingly helpful and they even had some guest Italian beers on, which for a chain shows a nice commitment to choice.  It'll never be a world beater, but don't rule out Zizzi for a decent Italian  meal.~pasta 
Zizzi's is a chain restaurant but is pitched further up the market than most chains. It is owned by the same people as Pizza Express and Ask restaurants and offers reasonably priced Italian food. They often offer '2 for 1' meals to boost business which means it becomes great value (given most main courses are sub-£10 anyway). The pizzas are excellent and you can watch them being cooked in the wood fired oven in the restaurant. The pastas and risottos can be more hit and miss however with the focus on heavier sauces (it can be a bit much at lunchtime!). The menu changes regularly and there is a wide choice of types of pasta and a good selection of vege dishes. The service is good and is usually pretty quick which, along with the '2 for 1' offers, makes it a good work lunch option.~pizza pasta 
Recently visted Ocean Terminal and chose Zizzi to dine in before going to the cinema upstairs. The view is lovely out in to the harbour however we were seated to the back because it's so busy (which was a good sign) casual atmosphere (staff wearing jeans and uniformed top) Had never been to this particular Italian chain before and so was unsure of what to expect; ordered the dough sticks to share as starter, ideal as its actually quite a large portion which is nice, would have preffered butter as opposed to the mayonaise but other than that it was a good start. Ordered the house wine which wasn't the best but fairly cheap at £3.00 glass.main course however was not satisfactory at all; chicken and mushroom pasta bake, pretty sure the sauce was either dated or from a tin, very similar to the consistency of soup! Also couldnt eat it for the first five minutes as it was too hot from having been in the oven. Friend ordered the meat calazone, dough was lovely and thick however the whole meal was really hot (spicey)...perhaps better suited to those with a liking for spicey food- jalapenos in every forkful! Over all i would say the service was good, and if you are looking for a basic meal before cinema like myself it is ideal, not sure i personally would go back though~butter chicken mushroom pasta 
One of the well established brands in the UK, Zzizi is anf Italian chain of restaurants. It is located by the canal which on a sunny day makes it a much preferred destination for locals. It is also close to Cargo bar which offers a big open space of tables outside. Zizzi has a limited area of tables outside which could have its drawbacks too - not being offered a good view and a table in the fresh air. Service is very good, compare to some of Pizza Express restaurants, and their menu is quite diverse. One of the best things about the food is that it is made on the spot and you could watch how it has been cooked.~pizza 
Due to iffy weather plus wanting to have a few drinks, we chose to stay over at the Hampton Inn following a company Christmas party at the hotel.  The banquet space was nicely decorated. We had apps and drinks in the lounge before dinner -- good nibblies. Dinner portions were on the small side but everything was quite tasty. Not 5-star dining but pretty good for hotel catering (on par with or better than weddings I've attended, for example). The servers were friendly and bilingual and kept things moving nicely.  Our room on the 4th floor with king-sized bed was quiet and comfortable. I turned off the heater/fan as it was a bit noisy during the night.   A full breakfast was offered in the morning (included in the price of the room). There was a really wide selection including scrambled eggs, sausage and homefries and bake-your-own Belgian waffles, fresh fruit, cereal, porridge, toast, ... Not haute cuisine but much superior to the usual hotel brekkie of weak coffee and a packaged muffin.  We had a quick swim after breakfast in the indoor pool, which was clean but no showers -- bring a coverup or something to get back to your hotel room so you can change out of your wet swimsuit.  Definitely a comfy place to stay.~sausage coffee 
Ok let's start with why do they serve baked beans for breakfast? Yes I ate them and don't get me wrong I liked them just found it odd.  Now I really enjoyed my stay including the different front desk people.  At one point I wanted to order food for delivery and the gentleman at the front desk ordered it in French and it showed up perfect.   The room was clean the folks here made me feel welcome other than a plumbing issue it was a wonderful stay.  Ok I mentioned that I was lactose intolerant and the staff, Susan and Mireille gave me almond milk.  Upgraded one star.~almond milk. 
Sorry guys but your buffet breakfast is not up to par. First of all 40 bucks for a family of 4 with 2 kids under 10 is a little pricy. Everything tastes reheated (which it is). Pancakes were hard as rocks. Bacon was tasteless and paper thin. Soggy toast. Not the best way to kick off your morning. That said, atmosphere and staff are nice.  This is simply a review of their buffet breakfast please take into consideration this is a pizza joint.  Keep working at it guys. Your pizza is still awesome!~pancakes bacon pizza pizza 
Great Pizza, friendly staff I love the Poutine!!~pizza 
L'original de mascouche!! Resto de famille de plus de 30 ans...Meuilleur pizza et poutine! Toutes les pizza sont super... jaime la pizza mexicaine pis la pizza toute garnie.~pizza pizza pizza pizza 
This has to be my new favorite fried seafood joint for sure. The price is right and the portions are big. I had the 6 piece fried shrimp and it was excellent. The shrimp were huge and seemed like tiger prawns to me. The breading was flavorful and they make their own cocktail sauce. I got corn and slaw as my sides. The corn was good but the slaw was great.   The staff was very friendly. I was greeted right when I walked in. The lady that took my order explained the menu to me and talked about the restaurant. It's a family owned place based out of Louisiana and this is their first and only location in az. I'm just glad it's by my house because I will frequent here often.   Can't wait to go back and eat and take my wife there. Go give it a try, you won't be disappointed.~shrimp shrimp corn corn 
I'm kinda sad, I went all the way over here and ordered the 8 piece fried oyster combination and I neglected to get cocktail sauce with my oysters, which would have been the pièce de résistance for my delicious, hot and crispy fried oysters!  Instead I opted for malt vinegar...stupid me!  My oysters were cooked to perfection and my sides, fried okra and buttered corn, were delicious and hot too.  The 8 piece meal was a little over $15, but it didn't come with a drink, so it's a little bit pricey if you aren't even getting a drink, but aside from the drink issue the food is a decent value and the service was friendly.    I'd also like to mention that the restaurant was scrupulously clean and my to-go meal had a couple of Dentyne mini packs of peppermint gum thrown in, which I thought was a nice touch since NOBODY wants to have post-lunch oyster breath, amiright?~okra corn, 
We came here tonight after seeing a few glowing recommendations from Facebook friends.  I am from the east coast and therefore very skeptical of any local 'seafood'.  I am SO GLAD I tried this place!!!  Everything was amazing,  including the service from Will.  He went way above and beyond his duty and made our experience even more amazing than the shrimp!  We will DEFINITELY be back!    I just wish they were open on Sundays...~shrimp! 
After watching the food network channel, my bf and I suddenly wanted fried seafood. We considered Long John Silvers, Pete's Fish & Chips, but wanted to try something new. After looking through Yelp, Good Guys Seafood stood out because they had good reviews and they were located pretty close to home and it was something new. The restaurant is very clean, bright, and spacious. We were greeted by a super nice and sweet lady behind the counter named Yolanda. The previous posts are true, she's super nice and very helpful. We got the fried oyster po boy and the 3 fried fish and shrimp plate. The food was really good, it came out piping hot and fresh out of the fryer.  I have to say that their fried shrimp was AMAZING! They were really big (we were pretty impressed), perfectly cooked, cleaned and de-veined, crispy, great flavor! I now know where to come when I want fried shrimp. The shrimp was seriously so good and everyone should go try some! The price for the food was very reasonably priced. Yolanda came and checked on us to see how everything was. Their fish was battered with corn meal and was really good. Their portion size is really good, and they gave me an extra fish and shrimp I think because it was my first time there. I would definitely recommend this place!~chips, shrimp shrimp shrimp. shrimp corn shrimp 
Best inexpensive Seafood in this part of town. Found it by using the nearby button on my phone and came here that same day. Located in a large strip mall right on the corner. Look for a place with a banner and several colorful posters of the food specials in each window.  They have Fish, Oysters, Shrimp, Chicken, Burgers, Philly Cheese Steaks and more. You can even order a Salad and load it up with with some of the proteins mentioned above. They also have several fried appetizers as well as some really good side dishes. The Coleslaw is really good and taste like my recipe. Great value and large portions.  Really like the Catfish and Shrimp. You can get them fried or grilled. The fried Oyster plate is also very tasty and a favorite of mine. You definitely have to try the Catfish, Shrimp or Oyster Po-Boys. Reminds me of what we used to get when we would stop at these tiny roadside shacks while traveling along the gulf coast in LA and MS.  Service is extremely friendly and you will see very quickly as you enter the restaurant. This also has to be one of the cleanest restaurants I have seen in a long time. It is nice to know they care about the customers and a big reason for my high rating. ENJOY!  5 STARS~shrimp, chicken, burgers, cheese steaks salad appetizers shrimp. shrimp 
We were looking for a good sea food place and turned to YELP to find out what was in the local area. After reading reading all of the excellent reviews we decided on the Good Guys Seafood. What a disappointment! We ordered the oysters, shrimp, and fish. The fish had absolutely no texture, the batter had a bitter taste, the oysters were nothing like previous reviewers stated they were. I've been to the SE part of the US and believe me these fried oysters were not even close to those I had in Louisiana and Mississippi. The shrimp was nothing special. Won't eat there again. Makes me wonder however about the limited experience and taste other reviewers had. The cocktail sauce was watery, the tarter sauce appeared to be mixed with thousand island dressing.~shrimp, shrimp 
This is by far the best seafood joint in Mesa.  Good fish, large portions, quick service, great prices!  They have boneless chicken wings too that are quite yummy - try the parmesan ones.  Those whiners who gave this place a two star rating - I have no clue where they are coming from.  This is Arizona - you are not going to get seafood like you get in New Orleans or Boston or San Diego here - duh!  This place does a great job, the food is real yummy.  Their battered oysters are a bit thick, but where else can you get an oyster Po Boy in Mesa?  I go to this place at least once, and sometimes twice, every week.  Way better than Pete's...~chicken 
I went in their for a quick meal, I have no problem with the main part of the dishes, they were actually quite good. The grilled fish and shrimps were great. I did on the other hand have a problem with the side, I had the green beans and coleslaw. I can easily tell the green beans were from a can and just heated up. I don't know if the coleslaw was fresh, but it was ok.~shrimps green beans green beans 
Clean resturant, but fish was undercooked, fries were good, cole slaw was the best. Very low traffic, will not return, because of under cooked food and counter help was unfriendly.~fries 
Very clean place!  I got the fried fish and shrimp combo and was very surprised at the size of the shrimp and the fish were nice size fillets as well.  My sides were a hearty helping of fries and a good cole slaw.  My only complaint is the shrimp sauce, it tasted like ketchup mixed with gasoline.  Easy fix though, I had horseradish and ketchup in the fridge.  I also made my own tartar sauce as theirs' looks more like thousand island dressing.  I will definitely continue visiting this place, I'll just order smaller meals as the portions are large.  So nice having some decent fish in the area at a reasonable price.  They use catfish for their fried fish.  I met another return customer while there and he raved about the fried oyster po' boy.  Guess I'll have to give that a try!~shrimp shrimp fries shrimp horseradish 
I got the three fish and three shrimp the last week. (Fired)  Shrimp was ok, fish was really good. Today we got two of the three fish meals, was over cooked. Not sure if we will go again. Both times the meals were take out.~shrimp shrimp 
I'd been seeing the sign for this place for a couple of months but thought it was a Seafood Market. Then I drove past it from the Southern Ave. side and realized it was an eatery. It's located in the former Kyoto Bowl location at Country Club and Southern. I stopped in to ask info just as they were closing a couple weeks ago and came back yesterday to try them out.   I found out they had an Oyster Po ' Boy sandwich and ordered it with a side of mac and cheese in place of the fries. A drink even came with the $6.99 price. I really enjoyed the sandwich, good flavor, fresh ingredients. The mac and cheese was a bit mushy but had good flavor and they were generous with the portion. I ate half my meal there and had half left for a second meal. The server, Bailey, was extremely nice and helpful in answering questions. We share a love of fairies! I hope to get back to try the shrimp and fish before I leave town.   This place conveniently located near many motels in the 60 & 87 area. There is a large parking lot right in front.~sandwich mac and cheese 
Awesome awesome awesome and the amount of food they give u its just incredible. I love the shrimp and fish not to mention the price. I hardly eat seafood in restaurants because how stingy they are with the quantity of food but I will diffently come to this place when I crave seafood.~shrimp 
Needed a quick lunch to go and I stopped in randomly. I was quickly greeted by the manager who made the suggestion I try a few of the specials. I placed my order for 2 Fish and Shrimp- Fried. The owner was present in the kitchen, which I thought was a good sign. Food came fairly quickly. I was given several different sauces to try and sent on my way. The fried fish was clean, but nothing special. The shrimp were huge and awesome. Hush puppies were soggy and not cooked well, as were the fries. One  special came with slaw, which I did not taste. The sauces proved to be very interesting. Cocktail was spicy and tangy. Tartar was pinkish and chunky. Hot sauce was normal. Overall, I am not sure that I would visit this establishment again- but I do wish them the very best of luck!~shrimp fries. 
All I can say is, SO DELICIOUS!  I ordered the lunch special with the shrimp po'boy, fries, and a drink for around $6.50.  I took it to go, and it was still piping hot when I got back home 15 minutes later.  When I opened the container, fries came tumbling out, it was packed FULL!  I set them aside, and unwrapped the po'boy.  It was full of 3 large shrimp, fried crispy golden brown, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and sauce.  The bread was soft and fresh.  I added a little Louisiana Hot sauce and dug in!  It was amazing!  Such fresh flavors.  The fries were done perfectly, crisp on the outside, moist on the inside.  The iced tea is fresh brewed and nice and strong!   Don't let the location keep you away.  The restaurant was immaculately clean, well lit with ample seating.  The young lady at the counter was pleasant and quick to get orders out when they came up.  Even when she was waiting for orders to be done, she was tidying up and making sure the restaurant was the way it should be.  A big plus was that she emptied the trash and IMMEDIATELY washed her hands even though she had an order up.  The orders are served in a closed container, but she still took the time to make sure her hands were clean.  You would think that would be a given, unfortunately it isn't. A wonderful dining experience and I can't wait to share this restaurant with my family!~shrimp fries, fries shrimp, brown, lettuce, tomato, pickles, fries tea 
Have had lunch here on several occasions and have always been impressed. Grilled fish and shrimp always fresh and tasty. French fries were very good and serving so large that it is hard to finish. Service had alway been very friendly and they go out of way to make certain that you have a great visit. Chicken tenders may be the best I have ever had.~shrimp french fries 
Fantastic catfish! I got the 2 fish 2 shrimp special grilled with fries! It was a lot of food but it was so tasty I couldn't stop eating it!! Staff was friendly. When I went it was completely empty in the restaurant! But amazing food!! I will definitely be going back!(:~shrimp fries! 
A great treasure. You must try the home made Coleslaw. You can always tell quality food. The service was very fast and friendly. Not too many places have fried Oysters. The fried Okra is worth the drive. They have something for everyone. I have been there twice and still have several more items to try.~okra 
This is my favorite seafood restaurant in Mesa. Great prices, excellent food. I love the fried shrimp & grilled fish. Honestly, I'm not a fan of their side dishes, however the fried okra is really good. The staff is always friendly. The restaurant is always clean.~shrimp & okra 
So, I had the "3 Piece Fried Fish & Fries " Ok let me first off say this. I debated for a long time on giving this place a One Star or a Two Star. So they call it "Fish" on the menu they don't say what kind it is so I asked them he said "Catfish" I honestly think it's "Swai Fish".  Swai Fish is another  white fish that similar  to Catfish but taste a little different. But when food is fried it's hard to tell the difference between the two especially if you don't eat fish a lot. So I honestly think they don't put the name of the fish on the menu so they wont get in trouble for false advertising. But anyway on to the Taste of the fish. It had no real favor in the cornmeal it had a little salt but no real favor. The fries were cold and given the fact that you have to wait 7plus minutes for them to cook the fish you would think you would get fresh fries too. The one positive thing I will say about this place is the services was nice & very friendly. I really doubt if I would go back.~fries " white fries fries 
Had a coupon in my circular & kids thought we should give them a try! Kids were right food was good! Fish was seasoned & so were the hushpuppies. French fries were ok but the prawns and fish were a big hit at our house. Will be coming back soon!~french fries 
Took the Missus out for a lil seafood at Good Guys.  She was concerned with the neighorhood and once inside all fears subsided.  Pin neat and clean with a super friendly young lady at the counter.    We had Shrimp Po Boys with oysters and shrimp on the side. I would the shrimp are extra large 24/30.  Freshly battered and no frozen pre-prepared.   Huge oysters in a cornmeal breading.   We stuffed ourselves for $20. Its a chain out of Lousiana and it shows!!!   Got to give this one a try.~shrimp shrimp shrimp 
Saw this place driving by a few times. Finally decided to stop by and of my was I glad. I purchased the 4 Fish and $ Shrimp. Must i say, it was way too much food. I had to take it home and have it for dinner also. The fried fish was very tasty and the special tarter sauce made it even better! Jumbo Shrimp!!! Will be back VERY soon. Keep up the good work!~shrimp. shrimp! 
Love the Louisiana-style fried oysters here (#14) - eight plump juicy molluscs in cornmeal batter, deep-fried to perfection. I ordered fries and slaw as sides; fries were good, the slaw was just OK. The hush puppies that came with the order were on the dense side. I'm definitely coming back to try the fish and other tempting items on the menu.~fries fries 
My wife and I ate here today. We are from Maryland and always took seafood for granted until we moved out here to the desert. Not many places in the Phoenix area have good seafood at a reasonable price. I had the oysters, they were large and very good. I tried the cocktail sauce and the tarter sauce. I really loved the tarter sauce. It was unique and very good. My wife had the philly steak sub. It was so big that she only ate half and will save the other half for later. It came with onions, bell peppers, mushrooms and mayo. It was very good. The fries that came with it were cooked perfectly and very good. The prices are good too. This will be a regular place for us.~steak bell mushrooms fries 
This review is for the cafe on the ground floor at the rear that fronts onto Rose Street. I am here to advise you to never, ever, in all of your long-legged life, buy food and eat it here. It's that bad. We ordered fish and chips and they were cold and composed of mostly skin with a little bit of cold, rubbery fish attached. The potatoes were also cold. The peas were cold. Getting an impression yet? It was also really cold in the cafe as the temps were low on the day we visited and the doors to the place opened and closed right onto the street, causing the place to be like unto a fridge. So yeah, don't eat here. You'll be out £14.50 with the drinks and you won't be able to eat it.~chips peas 
Bhs still seems to me to be a bit of a relic although they seem to have improved themselves recently by putting in the new cafe area at the front of the store so shoppers can have a coffee as they watch the world go by.  For so long bhs has seemed to cater for the viscose jumper-loving shopper and it still appears to be a bit behind the times. They bring out a really naff load of christmas gear and mark it down weeks before christmas as well which strikes me as a desperate sales pitch. And their poor staff are made to try and flog you the hugely over-priced store cards at every opportunity. It is the type of place I only go to to get novelty sock or ties as a joke gift.~coffee 
Where to have a breakfast in the New Town? Don't have it at the BHS restaurant on Rose Street! They advertise breakfasts at £1.99 but you must buy a drink. The drink is £2.55! Totally unacceptable sharp practice. On top of all that they did not have any eggs ready to serve and the bacon was overdone. A total waste of money made worse by the dreary restaurant itself. Functional and dull. Even the toilets are out of easy reach up a steep staircase. The one star is only due to the sympathetic staff who were serving. Go anywhere else if you are hungry! Very unimpresseed!~bacon 
I literally booked this place the night before, and having checked reviews out online, I lowered my expectations a lot. But this was the only place left in Toronto...YOLO?  The staff was cheerful and a pleasure to work with. I got in late (8:45ish) and had warned them ahead of time and it was just fine. The room was a bit small but had HUGE in-room lockers. I've stayed in a bunch of hostels before and this was the first one with lockers so big I could fit my daypack, my check-in size travel backpack and some souvenirs. Unfortunately the beds creaked a lot so my sleep was less than ideal. The bunk beds also didn't seem particularly stable as I was climbing up either. The showers didn't have a changing area so it was just awkward to change in a wet shower environment. BUT I found everything to be rather clean. No insects or anything, unlike the reviews I had seen at hostelworld.  Pretty basic breakfast. Toast with jam, peanut butter and Nutella and cereal. Coffee and milk available. Full kitchen. Plenty of seats and a flat-screen TV. One of the better hostels I've stayed at in terms of wifi.   Otherwise, everything was pretty tidy. I stayed three days and felt just fine, but apparently the neighborhood can be a little shady. The morning I left, the TV in the lobby had a ticker saying a man was stabbed at a bar near College/Augusta...and I was like, "wait a second, this hostel is at College/Augusta...at least I'm leaving today?!" But if you're careful, it can be fun to hang in the Kensington area! It feels like a hippy/counterculture sort of area.~butter coffee milk 
We practically furnished our entire condo from Statement Furnishings! I had been looking at Wayfair and had seen Find it near you.... That is how I found this gem. If you don't mind picking furniture from catalogs and being patient in your search then you have hit a jackpot !  Brock worked effortlessly to help me find everything I was looking for. I even got some of the same exact items that I saw on Wayfair but at even more of a savings. I was also amazed at the delivery and set up of the items... All at no additional charge. This is unheard of. Wes is an exceptional young man. He is genuinely very polite and really cares about customer service.  Nafe also is wonderful and very hardworking. Also if there is a problem with something they literally bend over backwards to make it right. I am so happy to have found Statement Furnishings. I was able to get everything I wanted at an exceptional savings and to work with such nice people is just the icing on the cake!~cake! 
On May 5th, I went in with my friend to buy a fabric headboard. I asked when it would be delivered by as I wanted it within a week due to out of town guests coming.   The woman (blond) said that it would be at the store by Tuesday May 10th and she would call me in the next couple of days to confirm if it would be delivered to my house the day it arrived (if it got there early in the morning) or by Wednesday.  I called and left 2 messages on Saturday to confirm when it would be delivered. No one returned my call.   I called again on Monday and said I called twice on Saturday about the delivery date and no one returned my call. The woman said that someone else would call me right back to confirm. No one did.   I then physically went into the store yesterday (Wednesday) and said I called 3 times and no one called me back so I came in to see when it would be delivered. The same blond woman said the truck was arriving tomorrow (Thursday) and I could get it maybe Friday or maybe next week.   I said I wanted it by the weekend and she said she would call me today (Thursday) to confirm delivery date.   I waited all day for them to call me. No call  It's been a week and they said they would get it to me in a week.   So I called my credit card company and reversed the charges.  Thank goodness for American Express customer service   Since you don't return calls. Keep the bed.   I scrambled this evening and walked into another furniture store and bought a bed frame. It's being delivered tomorrow. Guaranteed.   It blows my mind how disrespectful it is to not return calls especially when they said they would.   It's too bad as they do have nice pieces.~date date. 
We chose this place as it was close to the movie theatre and well, what the heck. So glad we did! Very quiet on a Sunday night which could be off putting but we received a warm greeting and so we got comfortable.  The menu seemed just right- standard Thai fare with some nice pictures and clever descriptions-- we were drawn to several dishes. We had the crispy spring rolls and mango salad for starters. Then we shared the pad Thai (very good- my friend who was craving it after years away in Italy declared)- light and well flavoured, not heavy or gummy. Also had a very flavourful red curry chicken. Just coconutty enough and quite spicy!  Cashew chicken and ginger beef (not crispy if that's maybe what you are expecting) rounded out the dishes and a big bowl of rice for the table. We were 3 people and had very few leftovers bc everything was so tasty.  And the service was lovely. Attentive (lots of water refills) but not intrusive.  I saw some take out pickups and I think deliveries going on too.  We will definitely add this to the post-movie list, as I'd rather eat local than at a chain/box restaurant any day!~thai mango salad thai ( chicken. cashew chicken 
Good Thai food in the Etobicoke area.  Would definitely recommend the chili fish.~thai 
This restaurant took me a little by surprise. It is unconventional in the way that the waiters do not serve you (you go get the menu and order at the register). The restaurant is also a little more informal and best for lunch dining or a very casual dinner. Despite the different ambiance the food was really, really well done. If you are looking for good Thai food at descent prices you should definitely give this place a chance.~thai 
I must say I am very critical of restaurants and their customer service. This is a great place to order from. The chef that the have now is great. I had a problem once with the food and the owners call me back and wanted to make the situation better by being very generous and b giving my next order on the house. They really didn't need to do this as only one item was the issue. I order from here weekly and give two thumbs up to the young entrepreneurs. The delivery person is very polite and courteous . Mangosteen's management and delivery driver always remember my name and always get my order right. They say delivery will be 40 mins but I have never waited more than 30 mins. FOOD IS ALWAYS hot and fresh  BEST THAI IN THE GTA.   KRISTY~mangosteen thai 
good Thai food in Queensway~thai 
Although its on the Queensway, it's location still feels tucked out of the way, which is perhaps why the place is never all that busy. But don't let that make you think the food is no good or the service is terrible. Their signature Pad Thai was amazing, and their Yellow Curry and Mango Chicken Stir-fry were delicious. Our only complaint was with the waiter not writing down our order which resulted in a few trips back to ask what we ordered and still bringing a Cashew Chicken to the table.~thai mango chicken cashew chicken 
A restaurant I have been meaning to try for a long time and I have finally done so.  I went with relatives for dinner and upon arrival, it was empty. Usually that's not a good thing to walk into (and it was a bit daunting), but it was understandable as the location of restaurant was really obscure.  Besides the lack of diners, although I did noticed there were people coming in to pick up food later on, I enjoyed my time there.   It's a small, nicely designed restaurant. Modern and clean looking. The plating of the meals were great too. The server was also very helpful.  The food was tasty. I found there wasn't anything really special about the Pad Thai though, but that's just me I am and I am in no way a Thai expert, but I loved the pineapple fried rice, Green Curry  and coconut soup (and I generally dislike coconut). As for the portion size, I wouldn't say it was huge but average size for the price.  If you haven't given this restaurant a try, I'd say go for it!~thai thai pineapple fried rice, coconut coconut) 
A little Thai gem conveniently located near the cineplex theatre on the Queensway!  I might not have found this place without a tip from a coworker that lives in the area, and it turns out another coworkers brother owns it! So with those two recommendations, and a date at the Queensway VIP, it was an easy choice.   The place is small, with two booths and a few tables. Based on the number of people coming in for takeout, I imagine that's a popular aspect of the place.   We started with two apps, the fresh rolls and chicken crispy spring rolls. Both were delicious and fortunately the fresh rolls came out super quickly because I was starving! So starving that when the spring rolls came out I forgot to take a picture. Whoops. I then tasted three of the entrees, my own was the beef pad sew which was AWESOME - not light on the beef at all and the cut of meat was a higher quality than I was expecting. Yum! I also tried the curried up pad Thai and Tom yum noodles. Both were excellent!   We were lucky enough to enjoy a banana fritter on the house which was also excellent!   One more about the place is that there's no liquor license, which was sad because I wanted a beer! That's probably due to the takeout nature of the restaurant, and I survived. Lucky they serve alcohol at the movies.   I could definitely see myself coming back the next time I'm in the area!~thai date chicken beef beef thai banana 
I'm generally not one to give any restaurant a low rating if I think their food is potentially delicious.. and now you're asking, how can I say potentially?   Firstly, I will say that as a small business owner myself, service to the customer and making sure the customer leaves your business happy is paramount and unfortunately, neither the food or the business ethic has left a good taste in my mouth.  As Mangosteens is new and very close to my home, I ordered their Famous Pad Thai some Spring Rolls and Mango Sticky Rice through Orderit.ca. As a lover of spicy foods, I added a comment for it to be hot and spicy just out of past experience with every other Thai restaurant I have eaten at. Well ... I am not about to blame Mango for the 35 dollar price tag to get this single order 2 minutes down the road to my house .. BUT .. The next few hours proved to be an heated experience that I wouldn't wish upon anyone. 2 Litres of water didn't even get me through half the Pad Thai. It was fine with my friends to laugh at my attempts to eat this Noodle INFERNO but I had to stop. I don't need to expand on the extreme pains keeping me up from 4 am to 6:30 that night.  The next day I wrote to their website and after no reply I went to their restaurant and simply asked them to give me another Pad Thai without the ridiculous heat. They said they couldn't but they would have the Manager call me. .. They didn't call.   I have just got home after a return trip to Mangos and after a lengthy chat with the Manager that included some drivel about "Racial Profiling" when I mentioned I never had such heat in a dish from other establishments, their reply was that restaurants would tone down the heat for people like myself. LOL .. OK ... So when you deliver to strangers via take out, you turn the heat back up? I asked myself. .. Here was someone willing to give their restaurant another chance to redeem themselves and I'm in a verbal volley over a 12 dollar dish!  My theory after they offered me 50% off, was to waive them of my business and to vent a little here. I'm sure their food might be very good but there is a Thai restaurant across the street. If just one person reads this and agrees that for the sake of future business with a customer is to make them happy rather then bicker about semantics then that is a 12 dollar expense they should have bared.   I won't be going back kids!~thai mango thai mango thai. thai thai 
Noodle dish is mediocre at best. Not impressed. Pad thai taste like one from thai express with upgraded protein potion. Even tho the service is great, the kitchen just didn't do it. Verdict: Tried once and done.~thai thai 
Great, great place for our Wedding!  The photographer said  he had never seen such a great background perfect for photos. The Artist who sang loved the venue and all accessible audio equipment and available video screens!  The decor all included in $300 venue fee was of the best quality. All we had to do was show up!... Not to mention the food! Out of this world! The spicy soup was superb! Escovish Fish delicious, Jerk kitchen finger licking good, rice and peas and of course fried plantain completed the dish!  My guests loved the food and will definitely be back for more. The service was great as always! All in all a memorable event! They even allowed us to bring our own Wedding cake and served it for us with non-alcoholic champagne... of course! Thank you Lorena and Collins! (Owners of The Gospel Cafe)  We will definitely be back each anniversary!~peas plantain cake 
So I decided to go here after seeing that it was a new place that opened up around the area.  Based on the success of most of the west-indie places around the area I thought that it couldn't be bad at all right?  When you go inside, you're not really sure what the deal is.  It's half cafe, half bar.  On one end you have a cafe with cakes and cafe tables; on the other end you have a stage for a band and a pool table.  Weird.  Oh, did I mention that the place is also filthy?  I'm not really a big stickler for a really clean restaurant or sparkling floors but a pair of spring rolls and some napkins underneath my feat is going a bit far.  Maybe that was the appetizer?  To give it to them, a 5.99 daily special is pretty enticing, that's what I ordered.  It was a plate of jerk chicken with coleslaw and rice & peas.  It also came with a soft drink of your choice.  It was a pretty good deal in my mind.  The chicken was dry and not really flavourful... I'd almost put it on par with chicken from metro that had been sitting out for a while.  That's about what it tasted like.  Same thing with the rice and peas.  Not exactly the best thing in the world; in fact, far from it.  Being in a plaza with pretty strong contenders, this place isn't going to win anyone over at this rate.  If you want to have some jamaican food, drive 2 minutes down the block and you'll get something way better.~chicken peas. chicken chicken peas. 
I went here at the request of my boyfriend for take-away, he was really in the mood for some good Caribbean food and it sounded like a good idea to me. The place was easy enough to find considering I'd never been there before, and the service was decent.  Not overly friendly, but I was acknowledged. Walking in I noticed how different this place was set up to other restaurants, as they had a little cafe-type area to the left, and a pool table/stage in front/to the right.  The whole place was very bright and clean, and had music playing softly in the background.  I didn't realize until I was leaving that it was gospel music; which in hindsight makes sense considering the restaurant name.  I ordered the large jerk entree, chicken fingers and fries, and the slushie special.  The slushie was a pina colada flavour, about 16oz for $1.00, and it tasted AMAZING.  After finishing it, I wished I had gotten another for myself before leaving the store.  The chicken fingers and fries to be honest, were horrible.  They tasted worse than something I would have ruined at home.  The chicken was the same kind as nuggets from a slimy fast food chain or low-cost frozen nuggets, and the fries were unseasoned.  For $7.99, I was extremely unimpressed.  The jerk entree my boyfriend ordered looked fantastic.  It was a huge portion (4 hefty sized legs) tons of rice and peas, with a spicy coleslaw.  I tried some of his meal, and while the jerk was too spicy for my taste everything was cooked wonderfully.  His $8.99 was hands-down worth the price, and made my meal seem worse by comparison.  He was able to eat his portion for three separate meals (lunch, dinner, lunch the following day).  My meal,  I tried eating what was left for lunch the following day, and I got about 4-bites in before I started feeling extremely sick.  Overall I would definitely go back to this place, but I would steer clear of the "American" dishes, as I feel the love and attention is more placed into the Caribbean-style dishes. Also: if you are sensitive to spicy food, avoid the jerk and go for the fried chicken instead.  I assume it would be just as nicely cooked, only without the spice ;-)~chicken fingers fries, chicken fingers fries chicken fries peas, fried chicken 
This restaurant was very nice and I enjoyed the meal. the prices are not too expensive, and the portions were decently sized. the chicken bbq wings and classic burger (which I had) were very nice and the only problem we had with the meal were the undercooked chips. staff were nice and the meal took about 15 minutes to be served. good choice of drinks. recommend it.~chicken classic burger 
Who would have ever thought to try Mexican food in Scotland? Me, that's who! Very nice place and location with plenty of parking. The menu seemed endless and yet some of the things were odd to us. Not sure where they derived their version of Mexican food from but whatever, might as well try it. Popcorn as a starter instead of chips and salsa? Um, ok. Never seen that before. I tried the fajitas and they were served and tasted like every other Mexican place I've eaten. Family had the loaded nachos and complained about the soggy chips within. Someone needs to remember to NOT pour runny salsa over tortilla chips if serving as "nachos". Other than that, the pricing was fair and comparable to other places. Not my favorite but I'd probably go back. Our server, Eden, was awesome and had a thick Scottish accent. Very nice and affable but I literally had to ask her to slow down when speaking because of the loud atmosphere in the restaurant. She took my joking about her accent in stride and we had a good laugh about the stupid American who gave her a blank stare when she spoke. I recommend this place, if you can't find better elsewhere.~popcorn chips salsa? chips salsa tortilla chips 
I must admit, I was slightly disappointed in Chiquito. The restaurant is decorated very nicely with lots of little Mexican objects dotted around everywhere but when it came to food, it kind of fell flat.  I had a beef burger with chips and when it came, it occupied a very small portion of the plate and the burger was clearly frozen. The chips were oven chips, obviously. The chips had far too much seasoning on them for my liking and were too herby.  It was a very hot day when we visited and the AC wasn't working, the restaurant was packed and since there is little lighting in the place, it felt quite claustrophobic, as if we were being packed into the place like sardines in a can.  The only good thing about the restaurant was its clean toilet facilities!  The burger was pretty pricey as well. I think it was £11.95! I could have gone next door to Five Guys and gotten the same thing but at a cheaper price and a larger portion. I don't think I will be returning to Chiquito.~beef burger chips burger chips chips, chips burger 
As I couldn't decide on what I wanted to eat I ordered two starters - the nachos and the quesadillas.  Priced £3 each, it's not bad what you receive just nothing that wow either.   The nachos were tasty at first but got less appealing at the end and not really my kinda nacho.  the quesadillas were feta & sweet potato and was lacking in seasoning.   I've been to this place many years ago as a kid probably on a birthday night out. And didn't have any quiffs about it, that's cause I was a kid and probably not as clued up on food as I know. (I call myself a food snob, generally cause it's true).  BUT I give the chains a try and in the case I may not come back as it's just wasn't my cup 'o tea, But with certain friends I may have to compromise on coming back as they are not food snobs!  Staff were on the go and really helpful, so not fault there.~sweet potato 
I was in subway Friday. The sandwich artist's were very nice. They even let me use a coupon the day before it was even  valid.!!!~sandwich 
Every team member is friendly and helpful. When they discontinued the Jalapeno Cheese bread I kept asking for it so they made me some. How great is that! These folks are the best.~jalapeno cheese bread 
I got a salad and the vegetables tasted like when you forget to dry your laundry...~salad 
There are two Fit For Life locations in this area, one in the Atrium, and this one, which is actually in Dundas Station on the southbound side. It's kind of tucked away, so it'd be easy to walk right by and not notice it at all, but its worth stopping for a bite to eat if you want something "healthy". Beware: this is not the place to go if you're in a rush, unless you pick up one of the ready to go meals that are in the fridge. They tend to take their time making things (all wraps and sandwiches go in the panini press, which adds to the wait time) but they make it fresh in front of you. It's a trade off I suppose!  While not everything on their menu classifies as "healthy" (an 800 calorie wrap for one meal doesn't really work for me) I've gone to both locations numerous times, for breakfast and lunch and have had generally pleasant experiences every time.   If you want a quick cheap breakfast they  have a number of "toonie" options in the morning, including a grilled cheese. But beware - I got one of these so called $2 breakfasts and by the time I was done, it cost me $5 - but that's because I added bacon and tomato and they never told me how much extra it was (given, I could barely understand the girl but that's my own fault for not clarifying). If you want to pay a toonie, stick with the basics. I'll add that I don't eat a lot for breakfast usually and not eating breakfast at home is rare, so the small grilled cheese sandwich (plain the second time) was enough to get me through the morning til lunch but my male coworker, who values quantity, complained about how small it was. The full blown grilled cheese with bacon and tomato WAS a great option for the "feeling iffy morning-after-a-night-of-drinking ".  The veggie wrap is rather nice - for something without meat in it, its a filling but light-feeling meal. Also, not too much sauce or stuffing, just the right amount. The Turkey Bacon club is yummy but its also rather large. I have a hard time finishing the entire sandwich and usually someone at work finishes the other half for me.  For a place that claims to be healthy, they've only recently added nutritional information to their website and I was a bit put off by some of the values they had for my favourite meals. However, that being said,  you can eat at Fit For Life without having that guilty "I just ate McDonalds" feeling and feel full and satisfied at the same time.~wraps cheese. bacon tomato cheese sandwich 
My new breakfast place.  Pros: -Cheaper than Timmy's breakfast - $3.99 for a breakfast sandwich + coffee -Smaller lineup compared to Timmy's -Healthier than Timmy's - real veggies, bacon, egg, etc.  Healthy substitutions: brown bread, brown sugar  Con: -No Roll Up the Rim~sandwich coffee bacon, egg, brown brown 
Just went here for a veggie burrito-it was good.  This place is fast food with no place to sit down(unless you go to the food court.)  It's a good place if you want fast food.~burrito- 
Excellent stuff!  We logged into just-eat today and it was the first hit as it's new.  I gave it a peek and was happy to see the words BURRITOS.  =)  We got a tex-mex steak burrito, a veggie burrito, some sweet potato bites (with an amazing sauce), and we actually got 2 extra burritoes because we weren't how sure how big they'd be.  They are HUGE.  I can't really describe the size without it falling into weird places, but they are about six inches long, 2 inches around, and FULLY packed.  I can't believe how little they charge, because these are good.  The steak is really lean and tasty (I tried a bite), and the veggie ones are basically solid packed with totally fresh food - and I would guess that not even 1/3 of the filling is rice.  WOW!  Lots of corn.  We are definitely saving these for tomorrow's dinner, because we can't even THINK of eating anything let alone another whole burrito.  The only thing I would ask/beg for is vats of guacamole.  Pleaaaase?~burritos. steak burrito, burrito, sweet potato 
Just came here to have their Spicy Buffalo Chicken Wrap. It was made to order, good customer service, good location and most of all delicious wrap! Will come back for sure. I usually come here after school and/or after my workout.~chicken 
Came here for lunch today and had 2 zesty chicken burritos. 5 dollars a piece. Huge?  Definitely not!  If I didnt get two, i'd still be hungry.  Each burrito is about 600grams.  So if you eat 2 of them it's like 2.6lbs or so. One burrito might fill a regular person I guess. I don't know...maybe i'm just hippo. Taste wise is good! I wouldnt pay regular price for it though.  I'd probably feel ripped off, if i did.  Get the specials. Is it really healthy for you though? who knows. The website is under construction still. Tasted good though.. that's all I care.~chicken burritos 
This is a technocrat's pizza parlor.   If you order online, you are taken to a website called foodler.com. You place your order just like you would order a book on amazon.com, and you get a total and everything. They even calculate a tip for you (15 or 20 percent) that you can put on the card, send you an email confirmation, and even estimate a delivery time.  The food came ten minutes early. Pretty nice.   Was it good?   Oh my my, oh hell yes, got to put on your party dress! Or um...pants if you're um...not that there's anything wrong with, I mean, Roddy Piper wore a kilt...  While they've embraced the future in terms of placing orders, they get medieval when it comes to food prep.  Stone oven folks. That's what they say anyway, and I'm inclined to believe 'em since this was crispy and chewy where it needed to be with a strong mozzarella blend, a nicely sweet 'n somewhat chunky sauce, and those uncanned mushrooms that get burnt when the pie comes out.   The Aprimo Steak has it all and as a result is magnificently sloppy. If you ate it standing up you'd be doing the Philly Stoop, and you wouldn't care who was staring since what you're eating would be too good to allow for an awareness of your surroundings.   "Mozzarella & provolone, mushrooms, onions, green peppers, hot peppers, mayonnaise, lettuce, tomatoes & Italian dressing," they sez.   What is it with mayo on steak hoagies these days around Pittsburgh, and why didn't people start doing this ten years ago? It's not the greatest steak hoagie ever, but it doesn't back down at all from any challenger.  The Italian Hoagie was rather good too. The bread on both sandwiches wasn't baked so much that it gets rock-like. It was toasted just enough to maintain pliancy and didn't skimp on the meat at all.   How many years has it been since we got delivery from anywhere in Mt. Oliver? Jeez. They have something to boast of now.~pizza mozzarella mushrooms pie steak mozzarella & mushrooms, hot peppers, lettuce, steak steak 
Yuck, yuck, yuck.  This pizza is not palatable.   We only ordered from there because of their aggressive coupon doorhanging campaign, and being recent transplants from Chicago, knew no better.  We sorely regretted the decision.   Anything would have been better than the pizza we received.  It's hard to screw up pizza, so the one star is awarded for accomplishing just that.   The pizza was laden with unevenly melted blobs of the worst mozzarella I've ever tasted, the sauce was bland, the crust lackluster, the toppings depressing.  No one should have to suffer this pizza.  I would advise them to shut down and stop desecrating the pizza world with this slop.~pizza pizza pizza pizza mozzarella pizza pizza 
Pizza is always amazing with generous toppings!!! The BEST pizza delivery going to southside!!! Cheese sticks are amazing and crispy, steak hoagie is to die for!!!~pizza pizza cheese steak 
This place is alright. There are much better places in Carrick/Mt. Oliver area that have better pies, though. The price is average. They do tack on a $2.00 delivery fee which many other places do not charge. The selection is pretty standard for the area. Most of the pizza joints in 15210 are pretty much the same. This place is a step or two below the rest, unfortunately.  We got a medium pepperoni pizza and a small capiccola hoagie. The hoagie was great. Crispy, crunchy bread. A good hefty portion of spiced ham. I asked for banana peppers and they were quite liberal with those. The hoagie was quite nice...and again pretty standard for the area.  The pizza wasn't too great. The crust was nice and crispy, big plus. There was alot of cheese on it....salty, oil and nutty. The only complaint was the sauce...which tasted like canned tomato sauce...no spices or nothing. It was tart and very basic...very bland. Normally I don't fret so much over the sauce as long as the crust is spot on...but they slathered on way too much sauce and it kinda just killed the pizza for me.  The price for a medium 1 topping pizza and a half hoagie plus delivery fee was $18.01...like I said quite pricy for the area. They had a bunch of coupons for specials where we have gotten like twice as much food for just a couple bucks more....but we didn't need a whole hoagie and a large pizza...it woulda been a waste.  All in all...this place is just a little below average. We had the pizza before and we remembered it not being all that great. This second time confirmed this. The hoagies are good though, but plenty of other places in the area have hoagies just as good. The $2.00 delivery fee is a real downer, though.~pizza pepperoni pizza 
Tasty, inexpensive, and out-of-the-ordinary,  Mezzetta is a neighbourhood institution.  The food ranges from lucious to tasty, the prices are great, the service is always good, and you can satisfy vegetarians, meat-eaters, and people on weird diets at the same restaurant.        There are deals on Monday and Tuesday nights, but unless you're feeling broke, go the rest of the week when the best chef is working.    My favourites: slow shrimp, dream sausage (aptly named), Persian rice, Oriental green beans, and the best moist, cardamom-scented baklava I've ever had.~shrimp, sausage ( green beans, 
If you are the kind of person who loves food variety (test: when was the last time you stuck your fork into another person's plate because you didn't want to miss out?) you are going to love Mezzetta.    The menu is made up of dozens of little dishes that are cheap enough to order by the handful.  When I was there with family, my father-in-law said, "I've always wanted to order one of everything on a menu.  I can do that here!"  He was pretty excited.  While I would say that little on the Mezzetta menu stands out as extraordinary, it's all very good and the experience is what makes it great.  Dishes of note:  Anything with eggplant is excellent, veggie vine leaves are lemony and good - although a bit mushy, sultan's stew is terrific, roasted peppers and the green beans are divine, falafels are crispy and flavourful.  I haven't tried any of the meat dishes, but they look good on other people's tables.  Fried yams are lacking in crispness and the houmous is lacking in lemon (go for the baba gannoush instead!) but for only a few dollars a dish, you can afford to experiment.  Service is excellent.  True story: my brother-in-law and his girlfriend were there the other day and, it being Passover, couldn't eat the pita bread.  Without a word, the server whisked away the bread and replaced it with whole wheat matzah.  So kind!  Vegetarian score: 9/10.  Tons and tons of choices, you can eat your heart out and not even notice that meat items on the menu.~green beans yams lemon ( wheat 
I visit this restaurant at least once a year since I moved here in 2007 and it remains my very favourite in Toronto.  You read that right.  If I had to choose one top restaurant, it would be Mezzetta.  I love the concept.  There are some 50 items on the menu and something for everyone.  It is a lot of fun, especially with a small group, to talk and negotiate what you'll order.  The small plates allow you to get many tastes all in one night.  It is the ultimate restaurant for anyone with commitment issues!  The food itself is delicious.  I don't think I have tried one of the dishes that wasn't pretty tasty--and many are really good, even the basics such as the rice.  The service has always been good too; I have never had a problem with slow service or the like.  The value is fair--if you want to stuff yourself silly and spend as little as possible, this is not your place.  But if you are looking for an interesting dining experience where you won't leave hungry or with an empty wallet, this IS your place.  The place can get a little bit crowded depending on the night and time.  I would recommend a reservation.  I have not been here for the music night.  I think it used to be jazz.  They can accommodate a larger party but the ideal size is probably 4 which allows you to sample 20 of the items.  A bigger party means more items but remember that the size of the plates stay the same--hence, people might not get to try everything.  I think one of the best times to come here is "first date" night, meaning the first proper date after you've met somebody for coffee or a drink.  Talking about the menu items can break any remaining ice and sharing the plates helps build a bond.  Plus you can then go for a walk along St. Clair.    Most highly recommended!~date" date coffee 
My favourite aspect of this place is the atmosphere. Its so warm and inviting, nice for a (first) date if you like your dates casual. The service was excellent. When my partner and I told the waitress to take away one of the plates that we didn't like, she let us pick another, and was generally really sweet. The food was a solid "good, not great."  Some plates were definitely more memorable than others. I enjoyed the lamb shish and kofta (five stars on both of those), but the dips were less memorable. The dish that we didn't like was the eggplant garlic dip (we eat everything, I love eggplant and garlic, and was a bit surprised to not enjoy this), mostly because of the strength of the vinegar and the combo of mint and dill - not my thing Overall, I would probably go back on loonie Mondays or toonie Tuesdays.~date lamb garlic garlic, 
3.5**  Great dishes, good portions too, but expect be smacked with a good helping of garlic and dill.   4 of us ventured in and ordered away, who could really go wrong with $1.50/every other dish? They brought the dishes in a bit of a strange order with some meat dishes coming before the salads, and then 15 mins would pass and another salad would come.... This caused us to loose track a bit of what we ordered, and how much was on the way. Needless to say we got too much and were pretty stuffed, yet walked away with a small meals worth of leftovers.  We somehow spent $94 with tax and tip altogether, which was a bit of a surprise but I guess even with the discount it adds up...especially when you loose track.   I walked out feeling like I could chase away any vampire within a 5-mile radius. Also my stomach felt dense and a bit oily from the heavy use of olive oils in a lot of their dishes. I would return on a Tuesday and stick to more of the meat skewers now that I have an idea of the selection!~garlic salads, salad olive 
I sure enjoyed this small, hidden gem. Although I know I may be bit biased because of who I went here with, so I will try to be at least somewhat not biased. But I make no promises!   Who I am kidding? This restaurant is great. In fact, I have been recommending this Mediterranean and Tapas restaurant to close friends for years. It is cozy, on the medium/small size which actually adds to the vibe of homeyness, without ever being tacky.   Of course, the highlight is the food: Generally light, tasty, varied, healthy, well priced and although I have never gone on their Loonie and Toonie days, it really seems like I should drop by and check them out!  Personally, I am a huge fan of tapas but generally find most restaurants in Toronto warp the recipe by giving you overpriced or undersized offerings in the $7 range, and although tapas may be small in size, they are supposed to be inexpensive since half the fun comes out of tasting a varied selection. In Spain, tapas can be as inexpensive as .99 cents of a Euro and in a lot of bodegas give you selected number of them for free. I do not expect that here but at the very least, I would prefer they stick to the spirit of the dish(!) and Mezzeta does that.    Also, FYI, they now have music night, sure there is a $8 covers but really, I can't see how adding live music to your dinner experience could go wrong.   A great place for a date and also to visit with friends, it is a very amiable and malleable location which easy suits different occasions.    One of my personal favourites, specially during the Summer.  Check it out, have fund with their menu! Just do not tell too many of your friends... Let's keep the place to ourselves. ;-)~date 
The great thing about this place is, you can eat as much or as little as you want. The house recommends 10 dishes for two people, for $30 - or less on Loonie Mondays or Toonie Tuesdays. That generally turns out to be just the right amount for the missus and me, but if you're less hungry, you can order as few dishes as you like at $3.25 a pop.  Favourites from last night's visit: kebab fingers (more, please!), potato moussaka, beef sambousak, fried yams. Wouldn't order again: Eggplant Garlic (with, I think, whey powder, which gives it an unpleasant stale-tobacco flavour). Wish we'd ordered but didn't: Sultan's Stew.  Mezzetta is a great neighbourhood resto that's good enough to be a destination, especially on Wednesdays for jazz, and Loonie Mondays and Toonie Tuesdays, as others have pointed out. I am looking forward to our next summer weeknight visit.~potato beef yams. garlic ( 
Love going to UYE event and thanks for Elaine organizing that at Mezzetta Cafe Restaurant! More people More power! These are the dishes I able to have a taste of:  Sharing:  *Tahina - A rich purée of sesame seeds, parsley and garlic - nice and refrefreshing but flavours overpowered by all the other tapas we ordered!   *Houmous - puree of chick peas with tahina and lemon, and a secret blend of spices - A OK with the pita bread  *Eggplant Garlic A bold puree of flame-roasted eggplant, garlic, dill, mint, and vinegar  *Fried Yams - Crispy deep-fried yam chips, dressed with fried onion shavings - Yam! Yum! Giulana witnessed me ate the whole order by myself!  *Potatoe Sambousak -  Potato and onion puree wrapped in puff pastry, three pieces dressed with mezziki - brownish looking.. too bad those are not mini chocolate cakes.. dry and uninspiring!  *Exotic Green Beans - Crisp-fried green beans, shaved onion, dill and garlic, dressed spicy hot - not spicy hot at all! But the beans were cooked well, crunchy and fresh! My fave of the night!  *Mushrooms - Tender sautéed button mushrooms served in a garlic vinaigrette - standard, ok but not too exciting!  Not Sharing: (But I made them share with me)  *Kofta - spiced minced beef balls served in a rich tomatoe sauce - Not bad, but not really outstanding..   *Dream Sausage -  Flame-grilled beef-lamb sausage, spiced with herbed hot sauce (Stole from Tony F) MEH.. too lamby!  *Fish Shish -  Tasty, marinated marlin or swordfish, flame-grilled, 2 skewers (Stole from Giulana B) - GREAT! light and refreshing with a hint of lemon  *Lamb Shish - Savoury chunks of marinated lamb leg, flame-grilled, 2 skewers (Stole from Tony F) - Surprised that I like it! Rich flavour without lamby taste   *Vine Leaves -  Herbed minced beef and spiced Basmati rice wrapped in vine leaves and dressed with garlic yogourt and dill (Stole from Giulana) - hey I have no idea I should eat the leaves.. Chinese don't eat the leaves we used that as a wrapping!  *Chicken Shish -  Delicate, juicy marinated chicken breast, flame-grilled - A-OK, but not really memorable!  I have a really enjoyable meal... the bills come out to be $15 per person with taxes and tips. I think I don't mind going on a Toonie Tuesday as a value oriented person that will be the way to go!!  *Special thanks for Tony F and Giulana for letting me try their food.. And I hope they will still sit next to me next time when we eating out together!~parsley garlic - peas lemon, garlic garlic, yams - chips, onion potato onion green beans - green beans, onion, garlic, mushrooms - mushrooms garlic beef sausage - beef- lamb sausage, lemon lamb lamb beef basmati garlic chicken chicken 
My official rating: 4.5 stars Toonie Tuesday upgrade: 5 stars If I was Wayne C. rating: 3.5 stars  As previously mentioned, this place is indeed a "little gem".   We visited tonight for the Toonie Tuesday special - each dish costs $2.42 on Tuesdays. Bill only came to $30 for 2 people, we had 10 tapas-sized dishes and a juice.   I especially enjoyed the hummus, dream sausage, Sultan's stew, crispy green beans and the eggplant dip.   We also had the beef skewers, swordfish, a salmon dish, a rice dish, and potato moussaka. All good. Rice and potato moussaka were a bit bland. Will probably give those a pass next time, because there are 30 other menu items I want to try!  Also worth noting - the service was absolutely great. We had a very friendly server, she knew the menu well, was quick and efficient.   We arrived early, around 6pm, which seemed to be a perfect time to avoid the rush. Many of the tables were reserved.  Going back to this one for sure! Thanks for the recommendation, Yelpers!~sausage, green beans beef salmon potato potato 
When I heard the idea of visiting a Mediterranean tapas place I engaged the adventure with a yeahh!! I really liked the concept of picking 10 different tapas for 36 something bucks and share.  When we arrived to the entrance, I didn't have a good feeling but they were smart enough to display newspaper notes of approval (from 2009) in the windows, so we went in.  We ordered hummus, eggplant, potato kind of empanadas, Phylos dough stuffed with spinach, shrimp, shoulder veal and lamb kebabs, salmon, some kind of red sauce we couldn't say what it was, and something else that if I can't even remember for sure wasn't worth at all.  The service lacked at lot. She didn't gave us a glass of water even when we ordered beer and wine... When the dishes came, a guy and the waitress would just smack the dishes in the glass table without explaining what was what.  But what killed every aspiration of a decent meal was the sound of the pip pip on a microwave... Like seriously they cooked it last night (hopefully) and warmed it for us with love in that thing we didn't even use for popcorn... Try to pretend your meat came from the grill and put the microwave on silence. And yes, after 2 min some dry, chewy meats kebabs were on the table... We ate them for respect to the animals.  The best part of the meal as they recognize was the hummus and the eggplant stew, or I can't tell because they wouldn't have the consideration of telling what dish was what.~potato spinach, shrimp, lamb salmon, popcorn... 
I love the ability to sample all the different dishes in small portions. You feel like you get a lot, but because they are all small plates, you end up feeling full on less.  Service was excellent. Woudl highly recommend the sausage, and encourage you to try the lamb kebab.~sausage, lamb 
This place is a gem and I was lucky to find it as St. Clair & Christie is not my usual food scene.  A friend who used to live in the hood invited me and after a quick browse at the menu I obliged.  (http://www.mezzettarestaurant.com/food_menu.html)  Mezzeta is tiny, with seating for no more than 20-25 at a time.  This can make for a cozy meal if you get in, yet frustrating if you're left out in the cold and are starving!  I highly recommend visiting on a Loonie Monday or a Toonie Tuesday.  Although the place is completely packed, service is speedy.  Your servers will maintain a consistent parade of mezze dishes.    As a self-professed meat lover, I honestly enjoyed the veg dishes most.  Sultan's Stew is a must and Fantastic Falafel speaks for itself!  Skip the salads.  Leave room for everything else!  Make sure to grab a jug of lemonade.  It's made with orange blossom water, which makes it extra fragrant and delicious.  Super cheap too, at $5.  If you have room for dessert after the 20-dish tapas, enjoy the apricots and creme.  More of the orange blossom water infuses the dish.  Divine!~salads. 
I really really enjoyed my experience here. A true tapas style menu where the tapas are really reasonable priced and decently sized. Definitely go with friends so you can try a bunch of the dishes. They have quite a big selection enough to keep the meat eaters and veg people happy. The star for me was surprisingly a spicy mint carrot dish. I was not expecting that! The interior is a bit odd with a lot of exposed wood columns. It reminded me of a beach house or something similar.~carrot 
I had THE worst meal of my entire adult life at this restaurant. I am baffled that there are any positive reviews.    My boyfriend and i ordered several dishes on Sunday to take home.    None of them were edible, and I am pretty sure they were old and had been reheated in the microwave.   The vine leaves were dry and tasted rotten. The lamb was dry and tasteless. The pita was stale!!!  The kofta came in a sauce that tasted like jarred tomato sauce. The babaganouj was the only dish that was not spoilt.   We couldn't eat any of it, and I cannot believe this place is in business.~lamb tomato 
It took moving out of the neighbourhood after 3 years before I visited, despite friends' endorsements for the restaurant for years. My boyfriend does Meatless Monday and we had an errand to do nearby, so I suggested Mezzetta based on those endorsements & my long-time intention to visit. When we arrived we discovered that on Monday every 2nd dish up to 15 items costs $1.42 (every Tuesday Every "mezze" dish is $2.42, limit of 25 per party). The regular price of each food item on the menu is $3.50. Way to do Meatless Monday!  We ordered about a dozen dishes. The quality was amazing. We enjoyed all of it. Some standouts: I forgot how good falafel could be and then I had theirs. It was some of the best falafel I've had in Toronto, and among the best I've had outside Israel.  Crispy outside, soft and fluffy inside, spiced just right. The smokiness of the baba gannoush was exactly what I like in that dip. The Sultan's Stew, an "exotic stew of sautéed and spiced eggplant, zuccini, tomato, green and red bell peppers, and onion", made my mouth happy. The Red Goat salad ("goat" being the feta cheese) tasted really fresh.  My least favourite was one of the 2 meat dishes that we ordered (he bent on "Meatless Monday"): The moussaka.   Service: Friendly and fast. Value: Fantastic (though remember, we went on Monday when the most expensive thing we ordered was a pitcher of lemonade).  My boyfriend wants to make it our regular Monday evening destination. I can't argue with that. While I might order some meat items - some chicken or lamb shish, perhaps -  I'm happy to stick with the many vegetable offerings.  The awards and accolades bestowed upon Mezzetta by local media such as Toronto Life, Post City and Now are well deserved.~tomato, bell onion" salad ( cheese) chicken lamb 
Great little place with delicious food and a good value for food and drinks.   We had the dinner for 2 (10 small plates) and it was so much food that we couldn't finish it!   Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the meal format was different and exciting. The chefs clearly take pride in their food and pay attention to details.   The highlights for us were the lamb and shrimp kebabs, the grilled meat on both was very tender and crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside.  The meatballs were also tasty. The baba ghanouj, it had an interesting smoky taste. We also had green beans, hummus and sultans stew which were all delicious.  The mixed greens salad was even surprisingly good with a tasty vinaigrette and chopped walnuts on top.     Four stars instead of five due to the service, which was friendly, but the 2 servers seemed inexperienced and a bit overwhelmed by the full restaurant!   Overall a delicious & enjoyable meal, we'll definitely be back.~lamb shrimp green beans, greens salad 
I heard good things about this restaurant and gave it a try.  They call themselves a middle eastern restaurant. I cook and bake many middle eastern foods. I even have traveled to many middle eastern countries and the food at Mezzetta was worse than terrible.  They seem to forget that cumin, garlic, salt, pepper, and other spices are used for middle eastern cooking. The flash green beans, which I thought was a Chinese dish was horrible. This is favorite food of our waitress.  The falafel was sticky and raw, the baba ganoush flavorless, the pita bread was served cold, the hummus was too thick and flavorless, the hot sauce was disgusting,  mistake, the stuffed phyllo with a sauce of some sort was not pyllo dough and tasteless, the Mediterranean salad was bland. Although the water was very good.    The lone waitress was condescending and not very helpful.  There are a lot of  middle eastern restaurants in the GTA and by far this is a disaster. If anyone out there knows middle eastern food stay away and if you don't stay away.~garlic, green beans, salad 
I came here on a date. A surprise my date had planned. I was skeptical due to (a) the surprise factor and (b) the type of cuisine when he started throwing hints.  It was most amusing when we arrived at 7pm (reservation) and it was empty; there was no need to make a reservation!  The service was very efficient. No complaints.  The food. I threw out my skepticism. I was expecting shwarmas but I was delightfully surprised to read the menu and discover so many tasty tapas. This is, in effect, a tapas bar.  We ordered the plate for 2, which comes with 10 tapas dishes. We had the lamb, veal and shrimp skewers, a feta and tomato and red onion salad, the hummus, and several veggie tapas, including mushrooms, green beans and carrots, and the persian rice. We had the Cameron's beer. Good choice.  This is a great restaurant to go to on a 1st date. You share food, or work together to select the dishes (as my date put it, LOL), and have a very pleasant conversation in a casual environment. To be fair, this guy chose wisely!~date. date lamb, shrimp tomato onion salad, mushrooms, green beans date. date 
This is one of my favorite restaurants in all of Toronto.   I love the cozy private atmosphere in this restaurant. The service is speedy, and the servers are always friendly and treat us with respect.   They offer a wide range of delicious Mediterranean dishes, and I have never had a dish I disliked. And for desert, I love to top of a wonderful dinner with passion fruit in cream.~passion fruit 
My husband and I decided to try this place for our wedding anniversary. It was very authentic feeling and we love the concept of choosing 10 different tapas for $36 (2 people). Price was very reasonable as well.  Not all dishes were good and the naan we received in the beginning of the order were what it looked and tasted to be like store bought. They weren't fresh and most likely heated in the microwave.  The Cheese and Spinach Boureka were quite bland and very dry. The kofta with the tomato sauce didn't taste fresh and sauce tasted like it came from a can. The hummus was not the best we've had and needed much more salt. Although the Mediterranean garden salad was  fresh and flavourful. The remaining meat dishes were were quite good as well. Overall it was a great experience trying different types of foods in mini dishes. We would recommend giving this place a try!~cheese spinach tomato salad 
Mezetta is lovely. The interior is a little worn down and offbeat, but the food is nice, well-priced, filling and also, great for vegetarians and vegans, while also accommodating meat-lovers. If you order 5 items each (they're sharing-dishes) you will have more than enough to eat, and lots of different tastes to keep you interested.  I especially recommend the green beans, carrots, and shrimp skewers. Wonderful!~green beans, shrimp 
Hear me when I say: I am not a Steak Bridie girl.   But, just the other day, come lunch time, I found myself with said steak bridie. It was not all too greasy; a large portion with delicious pastry and wonderfully seasoned filling. - It made for a wonderfully satisfying, if a little naughty, lunch. Followed up by the most perfect of scones; not too sweet, very light and with a lovely crisp on the outside.   EB is a traditional, no-frills bakery with an incredibly open kitchen and a small-town family run feel. I once popped in one early morning as they're a key holder for a nearby shop I was covering and left more than a little hyped up for the day ahead, having seen the bakery team at work. All the staff seem really proud of what they do and the service is roaringly friendly.   The Edinburgh Bakehouse sign proudly states 'Everything baked from scratch. - This really does show in their goods.~steak steak 
We had the good fortune of discovering the bakehouse on a recent visit to Edinburgh.  The scones were amazing and the owners were very friendly.  I had the fruit scone with butter and raspberry jam; the baker applied the jam using a pastry bag.  We then went to a coffee shop and ordered a second "to go" round and returned to the bakery for a reprise.  It was a really nice experience!~butter coffee 
I was here on 12/12/11.  The staff expressed great curiosity about my American accent, which was funny because I don't think I've ever been to any business in Edinburgh where staff asked where I'm from.  On repeat visits, I see that the service definitely has the "personal touch" so rarely seen elsewhere in Edinburgh.  I can't comment on the meat items, as I'm vegetarian, but I've tried all the other stuff and it was grand.  I brought one of the Scottish-recipe pastries to a Scottish friend, and he was delighted.  They're strictly take-away, but you could always take your pastry, turn left on the corner at Salisbury, and munch away with the view of Arthur's Seat.  As far as the parking goes, I'd advise Salisbury, but in general it doesn't look too terrible.~pastries 
Edinburgh Bakehouse is a gem that just opened around the corner from our home.  I've been watching the workers get the space ready, the sign for the opening went up several days ago and I've been eagerly awaiting the opening (as I've never met a baked good that I didn't want to take home).  Worth the wait!  I stopped in on the way home from school drop-off and bought a few goodies (cream & apple turnover, fruit bar, and swiss roll) and a round white loaf.  All for the whopping price of 2.75. Nice generous portions. Wow!  They also offer an assortment of lovely traditional pies.  I'm quite keen to have a go at one of those, maybe this evening as hubby has a work do and I'm always lazy about what to feed the kids when he's not home for supper.  I wish great success to the owner, James, as well as his uncle John, who was filling pastries and working the counter when I walked in.  (Their names are easy to remember ---the bickering brother disciples of Jesus).~apple white pastries 
Had the fortune of visiting just as a batch of freshly baked Scottish pies came out. Wandered over to the Meadows to eat (this place is only take away). It was so delicious hot, though I had trouble eating the pie since the top layer came away entirely (not sure if this is because I am a messy eater, or because the pie was underdone? Either way it didn't bother me.)   In addition to the pie I also picked up a buttery and a rocky road. The buttery was chewy and savory, with a crunchy outside, and ultimately satisfying. I had no idea a simple roll could taste so good. The rocky road was a slab of chocolate with some kind of gooey paste inside, dusted with powdered sugar. All three pastries came out to a measly £2.05. Amazing.  The ladies were kind enough to wait while I struggled with my coins, and made the suggestions of the pie and the buttery, which I liked better than my own choice. Great small bakery!~pie pie pie pastries pie 
Wow do these suck...  Cold brush them in butter after they are cooked to adhere the toppings and 4 bucks--- I never really valued auntie Anne's until trying these suck pucks. Cold soggy undercooked just how a pretzel should br~butter 
Friendly and cheaper than places like Libretto, but the pizza doesn't hold a candle to the thin crust Neapolitan pizza at Libretto. Maybe that's comparing apples to oranges - definitely a notch above grabbing a slice at Pizza Pizza but it doesn't even compare favourably to Amato.~pizza pizza oranges - pizza pizza 
The pizza competition has a new challenger on Queen. Enter Enzo - I've no idea what their background is, but given that there's one Pizza Pizza down the street, two Pizzaiolos within a 5 min walk, and North Of Brooklyn (their direct competitor) immediately around the corner... let's just say it's a bold move.  On my way to pick up pizza for the team at NoBo, I dashed in to grab some from Enzo for a direct comparison.  I ordered both the Francesco (mushroom, mozz, olives, sausage, artichokes, roasted red) and Pepe (calabrese pepper, pepperoni, onion, olives). Flavour-wise, they sorta tasted the same, though I want to say I liked Pepe better. Both were decent picks, though I don't have a lot of recall on them - I was distracted by work. I'd probably give both a go again some time to check. Co-workers voiced that they liked North Of Brooklyn better (we also had NoBo's Margh and Puttanesca the same day).  But *I* clearly liked Enzo enough to return.  So, I had the Enza (buffalo mozz, fresh basil) today for lunch and really liked this one. The basil was nice and aromatic, the buffalo mozz was fresh and faintly buttery. Photo: https://twitter.com/foodpr0n/status/328945872253640704/photo/1  The crust: I like. On the thick side of thin and with good chew (more chewy than I think many people may like). The bake is just-toasty, and no significant charred bits. Gives it a nice (and even), crispy, outer shell. Taste of the dough is faintly sweet.  Overall, I like it. I feel the ingredients are good, the dough is tasty, and the cost is moderate (well, on the upper edges of that). Wasn't revelatory as that first bite of Libretto pizza years ago, but it's a good pie. Worth a try if you're in the area.~pizza pizza pizza pizza mushroom, sausage, pepperoni, onion, pizza pie. 
Friends told me about this upscale alternative to the standard pizza joint and something that is basically the equivalent of a Big Mac pizza. When I heard of the channelling of my favorite burger into a pizza, I had to go try it out. First, go hungry. Those thin crust pies may appear to be an easy take down, but they are more filling than you'd think. Secondly, appreciate the service. Out waitress was engaging, fun and remembered my friends from only a couple previous visits. Try the white sauce and mushroom pie or the Big Mac pizza. Top it all off with wine or San Pelegrino. Tasty and different, it's worth the trip~pizza pizza burger pizza white mushroom pie pizza 
Ordered pizza at work. A little pricey but well worth it. $40 with tip and got a large americano big Mac pizza and it was amazing. Everyone at work loved it so much they ordered a second one after we destroyed the first one.~pizza pizza 
I've been wanting to come here and try the pizza for quite some time.  I was disappointed with the overall taste of my pizza.  Granted I got the pepperoni one (can't remember the exact fancy name).  I asked for light sauce and there was alot of sauce on it.  The pepperoni were little small pieces, it almost reminded me of a hot dog.  I gave this place an extra star because of the service.  Girl working there was nice, very friendly, even came and checked up on us.  Would I come back here?  I don't think so.  I found it to be overall meh, not alot of cheese for what you pay $10 for a personal pizza (they stretch the dough to be thin so it is bigger than what it should be).~pizza pizza pepperoni pepperoni hot dog. cheese pizza 
Surprisingly tasteless. It was as if they didn't add salt to anything. The dough had wood fired marks but no wood fired taste. It also just didn't taste. There was no sense of yeast. The mushrooms and pepperoni also were bland. I was very disappointed.~mushrooms pepperoni 
I'll have to agree with the other reviewers raving about the service at Enzo Pizzabar. It is unusually warm and pleasant in an area of the city known for aloofness and cool-as-a-cucumber attitude. Pizza was delivered hot and fresh out of the oven with a nice tender crust and zesty tomato sauce along with tasty cheese spread randomly over the pie. Topped off with a hearty tiramisu it made for a satisfying visit and we will be back! (gotta try the Oreo cookie pizza...)~cucumber pizza tomato cheese pie. pizza 
I just came in earlier. It was right before close. Had a slice of a veg pizza. It was pretty good. I'll come back for some beef slices later.    The guys working were nice. I'll try a.whole pizza sometime, but I'm.cutting right now. I need to eat more here to further analyze...~pizza beef pizza 
This place has stiff competition as there is a good pizza joint right around the corner and then some other spots nearby that serve good pies.  We called in before hand on a Sunday to make sure they are open.  We went for a Margherita and Lana (White Pizza). Also added a bit of the greens on the Margherita. I ordered a glass of Cabernet for good measures.  The pizza took its time but the service is top notch.  On to the main  The Crust is not overly thin nor is it New York Style. The sauce on the Margherita was decent and hits most of the right notes. I would say one of the better pizzas around this area.  A great addition to the pizza scene that's heating up this city. 4 Stars.~pizza white pizza greens pizza pizza 
Best Pizza in the city hands down!  It was love at first bite when I tried the Americano. Think big mac in pizza form - genius right?!  Other pizza places don't even exist to me anymore.  Another great choice is the Mila - a delicious white pizza with mushrooms and prosciutto.  Other honourable mentions are the Pepe (hot!) and Bonjourno (Think breakfast).    As if a grande Americano wasn't enough - you can also get their dessert pizza which come in nutella or cookies and cream.  Hungry yet?   Delivery service available within a certain area within 40 minutes and they always write a cute note or draw a picture on your delivery box.  Bonus - you can tell them what message you want written on your box.~pizza pizza pizza white pizza mushrooms pizza cookies 
I'm a fan of thin crust pizza like Libretto, Brooklyn, etc ... so this isn't my favourite. Service was nice when i went there during the off hours.   I had a slice of mushroom with italian sausange. Fresh ingredients. It was a good quick bite to eat, in and out, pizza by the slice, but again, I'm biased loving my thin crust pizza. Reasonably price for Queen W. Then again, I didn't order a drink so my slice was reasonable.~pizza mushroom pizza pizza 
Why the high fiver? The pizza itself is addictive but the main reason is because of the service.  I ordered a personal pizza which they made fresh with ingredients from Italy...yum! While sitting I was offered an espresso, that's class right there. From that I had a great convo with them about the history of their pizza, where they got their ingredients and their future plans.  They are going change the place to a sit down restaurant soon.  I can't wait!!~pizza pizza pizza 
I'm a fan of this newcomer on Queen West. The pizza is dependable and they are creative... if you know the "secret" menu. They do go above and beyond to remember customers and to put names on the boxes, which is a classy touch. I've only had the pizza a couple of times but all my coworkers love the pizza here as well. This is a dependable establishment which is working hard to make a presence and name for themselves in Queen West and Toronto. They got some real heart and are friendly as hell. If you're skeptical, come for the service and try the food. They are earnest and put love into the work and the business and you have to respect that.  Plus I like that they make an effort in an online presence.~pizza pizza pizza 
Really enjoyed the pizza here, service was great as well.  We had the Enza.  Its a nice snack size pizza, thin crust.  Nice light pizza.  Will come back.~pizza pizza pizza 
Love it.   I've never gone into the store without being acknowledged by a butcher asking me if I need any help, or how my day is going.   Yes, some things are more expensive than your generic grocery store, but being able to purchase something that isn't full of antibiotics is worth it.   Their pre-marinated chicken wings are the best! Usually around $7/pack, which is around the same price as the PC wings.~chicken 
There doesn't seem to be any shortage of Butcher Shops within the immediate region along Bloor street and it looks like Rowe Farms Retail Store wants to join in on the action.    It's not a big shop by any means as the entrance area itself has barely any shelf to overwhelm your senses but I did notice a pleasant smell.  The staff was knowledgeable enough to tell me it was one of the staff's lunches and I can't have any. Following my nose doesn't always work it seems.  LOCAL grown, Antibiotic free, Hormone free seems to be the theme here and like that organic trend we all know of, it will give your wallet a bit of a workout.  Plenty of Freezer, Fridge items for sale and I even noticed a Bone-in Ham($50.00+) that has Christmas all over it.  Note: There seems to be a sample island of sandwiches with some olive oil and balsamic for dipping.  The sample lady must have been on break but it seems you won't come in to browse and leave empty handed.   :D~olive 
Although it costs a pretty penny, I go here for all my meats!  The people here are friendly, and I really enjoy the hamburgers and steaks.  I have not partaken in the other fresh food - salads, juices, milk, veggies, mustards, etc., because I typically go to Foods for Life/Max's Market/Cheese Boutique down the street for that stuff!    My only thing I could change - perhaps have a few fattier cuts of meat (however - I might just be a weirdo in my preferences!)~steaks. salads, milk, 
Local? Check. Hormone / Antibiotic free? Check.   Freshness? Well, mostly frozen and/or cryopak, so...  Flavor? Yeah - that's my issue with this place.  After several excruciatingly expensive purchases I feel that the flavor does not justify the means.    This tiny shop could well be the meat and dairy section carved straight out of an urban Whole Foods type place.  It seems to be designed solely to tick all of the boxes of those concerned about from whence their food emanates, rather than what it actually tastes like.    You want FRESH local crud-free chicken? Gasparros is two subway stops west.  Local red and other white meat of the FRESH and FLAVORFUL variety can always be had at Sanagans Meat Locker in Kensington market.  In fact, I cannot come up with one thing here that comes close to my vote as best in the city so....  Sorry Rowe Farms - Nice landing, wrong airport.~chicken? white 
We needed a place to get a cold drink, let the two year old kiddo play and work off some energy after a shopping trip, and give Mommy the chance to relax and feed the tiny munchkin.  This place was perfect.  The room with the toddler play area was closed off from the rest of the restaurant so our little Banshee could let off steam without disturbing unsuspecting customers, there was no one else in the playground area so Mommy had lots of privacy for her first nursing in public attempt (under cover of course), we were in air conditioned comfort while it was in the high nineties outside, the area was clean, so it was a win-win situation for all.  Thank you for accommodating us Burger King!~burger 
Burger King has had its up and downs the past decade but recently I have enjoyed the value menu for a late night meal. Also any where with surge is a okay in my book.~burger 
Strictly comparing this to other burger places in the area, is highly rated by me. Considering I order special items and always have it my way they always get it right. I remember the first time they got my order wrong I called them right away and the lady I spoke to apologised instantly and profusely offering to make it right without doing what other places demand, like bring the food back. It's inconvenient and inconceivable to be expected to leave work and return from your break.   As for fish sandwiches everyone else offers a seasonal delight but that's it. Burger king has actually improved their fish sandwich into a long submarine like style that is phenomenal compared to the others.   For those that know my diet they offer a veggie burger and it has mayonnaise so I always order that without, otherwise it's perfect.   Obviously the fries are better than McDonald's.~burger burger sandwich burger fries 
Picked up my dry cleaning this morning and I'm still in shock. Had 8 items dry cleaned and the total cake to $64. They charged me $12 to dry clean a $30 sundress from Tilly's! Outrageous and such a rip off! Don't use them!!!!~cake 
Meh.  For some reason, my man thought I would enjoy this place because I'm an American. Not so much.  Is it authentic? Not really. It's super greasy and the food tastes not-so-fresh. The portions are oversized to the point of being made for people with eating disorders. I didn't find much on the menu that was appealing to me. So I would not say it was made for my palette.   The only thing I really liked was the free bread they bring out at the beginning of the meal. The music played throughout was also kind of cute. Like a 50's diner theme. No one else in the place seemed to notice or care.  All in all, overpriced junk food akin to what you'd get at a Denny's restaurant in the states. In UK lingo that would be the lowest denominator of a chain diner restaurant at a very bloated price tag. I know that most restaurants in the UK are priced for tourists, but I still think they should at least deliver quality to the price tag they're advertising. This one does not.  Oh, this place also refused to allow me to take home any leftovers in any form. Also a UK thing that I am aware is *somewhat* uncommon but it's not illegal and I do not see how hard it is to invest in some takeaway cartons for people to take home leftovers. I asked and then the waitress would only offer to let me take my pasta home in a dirty ice cream tub. Um, no thanks.~pasta ice cream 
The lunch menu here is good value, but last time I went I left disappointed.    I ordered a margherita pizza. The base was quite crispy but didn't seem very doughy or fresh at all. Also there was hardly any cheese at all, it was shocking!! My boyfriend got the Scottish Breakfast and asked for no egg it came with a runny fried egg on the plate!    Also, the service can be very slow here which added to our disappointment.~pizza cheese egg egg 
I hadn't been exposed to Frankie & Benny's prior to our visit at lunchtime, today. I'm glad to add it to the list of places we've visited.  Overall, we said: "Frankie and Benny's was pretty good.  Their soup pleased me, muchly.  Their pasta dish was less good, but their espresso ended things on a better note.  For large group dining, it offers a perfectly pleasant experience, and dishes that are likely to make diners smile.  I think that's what they're aiming for, so should be commended for accurately delivering it"~pasta 
For the price, Frankie & Benny's is pretty reasonable. It's one of the many restaurants in the grand Omnicentre, and capitalizes on the fact people will want to eat before/after a movie at Vue cinema!   I'd had two awesome meals at this restaurant, so I'll be a little more generous than my fellow reviewers! If it's still on the menu (as these days annoying change sometimes...) the Californian pizza is fantastic; pesto, mozzarella, and cherry tomatoes, seems to be my favourite sandwich morphed into a delicious pizza. Their waffles, which I've had for dessert, are also delicious!    Aside from mains, they also have a pretty impressive breakfast menu that I'm eager to try!~pizza mozzarella, cherry sandwich pizza 
The good thing about the Omni is that you can reference the menus prior to entering the restaurant. We came in for the 2 dishes for under 10.95 pounds, Delicious wing appetizer, sub-par chicken Caesar burger, but my friend had the pepperoni pizza that wasn't bad, but a bit greasy! The service was a bit lethargic!~chicken burger, pepperoni pizza 
bleh.  The food is greasy, it's all vaccum packed and frozen and the staff don't really care if you're there or not.  I ordered a risotto thinking it was a safe option, alas! I was wrong. It was dry, it was sticky, it was just totally wrong.  My brothers had  burgers and said they were alright, but to be honest it wasn't worth the calories. And it's expensive.~burgers 
Frankie and Bennys in the Omni is typical of the restaurants you find in the centre. If you're looking for a meal that will cater to all tastes and is cheap and cheerful then this is a good place to start.    The menu is based loosely around an Italian-American theme with the ususal burgers, pizzas, sandwiches etc. Portion sizes are generally on the large side, so you never go away hungry.    Service can be a little on the slow side, but that's normally because it's always very busy. In general i find the waiting staff to be fairly helpful and friendly and if you let them know you're in a hurry, they will try and speed up yout order.    One of the main reasons I go to Frankie and Bennys is there terrifc value lunch menu. For £7.25 you get two courses that are enough to fill you up for the whole day. With starters like potato skins, garlic pizza bread and chicken strips and mains like pizza (full size), burgers and club sandwiches~burgers, potato garlic pizza chicken pizza burgers 
This particular time was at the Straiton Park Branch, Edinburgh and ok it was busy bus the pizza base was soggy when arrived - it could of been a little crispier for my tastes and so was my Friends.  I've had better to be honest.  Service was ok, a little forgetful after asking us if we wanted parmasen and black pepper - it was obvious the girl was serving others at the same time as us,~pizza 
I confess I don't mind this place too much....   The menu is massive which leads to a bit of a 'Jack of all trades' type of cuisine...master of none. Although I have to say I love the Tomato & Garlic Pizza Bread here....just love it. It's the only thing I really 'go' here for. Other than that it's a quick fix when we're really hungry which means that we never do much tasting when we're in here.   I've had worse, you probably have too~tomato & garlic pizza 
I enjoyed my meal here on a Monday night recently and it's handy for the cinema. The jacket potato was perfect and the Apple & Rhubarb crumble was yum. Unfortunately, my fellow diner didn't enjoy his pancake desert and I wouldn't order the spicy onion rings again. They tasted too processed and chewy. It became busy because of the Monday Madness menu but I found it was a huge effort to get our waiter's attention the whole time we were there, especially when getting deserts and even when we tried to ask for the bill. We had to walk to the front desk to ask if we could leave (the film we were seeing was about the start!)~potato apple & rhubarb onion rings 
I visited Frankie and Bennys with my family for something to eat before going to a show at the nearby Playhouse theatre. The food was lovely, most of us opted for steak and it was cooked very well, as was the lamb shank my sister got.    The restaurant itself is family friendly and they play really nice old 50s music that goes well with the overall Italian / American diner theme they have going on.    The only downside to our meal was how long the service took. Knowing we were going to a show we allowed plenty of time (2 hours) before the show was to start. However we were still rushing to finish our main meals in time, purely because of how long it took us to get served.    I would certainly go back to Frankie and Bennys because the food was lovely, however only if I had nothing else planned that day!~steak lamb 
Let's all admit it, When you're at The Hard Rock Cafe or TGI's waiting on the massive pile of smoky, barbecued, fatty goodness to arrive can be a pretty exciting experience. American grub may not be haute cuisine but there is a place for ribs, barbecue chicken and huge burgers in anyone's diet.  Frankie and Bennie's is the poor relation to these chains, with a barely noticeable Italian influence added. I'll keep this brief: A burger is about a tenner, isn't as good as McDonalds, and you get a shockingly meagre portion of fries.  Not worth the bother.~chicken burgers burger fries. 
Came here for lunch today with my parents. I ordered a beef noodle soup noodle and a ja jiang mein.   Beef Noodle Soup The soup base was alright and so were the noodles itself but the meat was in huge chunks. It was also pretty dry and tough so that made it hard to eat. I wish they could have made it more tender and served it as smaller pieces instead. Since the meat was like that, I assume they probably boiled the meat.  Ja Jiang Mein Don't do it folks, don't order it. Traditional ja jiang mein is sweet. What I was given here was spicy and didn't taste like ja jiang mein at all. Ordering this would be something like walking into a Greek restaurant to order Chinese food. What you get will not be like the real thing.~beef beef 
Moo Moo!  Moo Beef Noodles is a brand new beef noodle joint located inside the food court of Silver Star Blvd 國際美食廣場. This is not the same Moo Moo that used to be in the same plaza..  What caught my eyes were their offerings of House Extra Spicy Noodles with 3 different levels! My weakness for spicy food especially for a cold winter afternoon!   Homicide Spicy Beef Noodle Soup ($6.99) was quite spicy according to my Yelp Friend. But it is basically their Beef Noodle Soup made spicy by adding bottled diced red chili, ended up I cannot taste their soup based much! The beef though was really tender and of good grade! Noodle though is really standard.  My suggestion would be just order the plain one and just add chili oil yourself, at least you can adjust your level. I saved my friend by eating the whole order....   I can smell stinky tofu... Yes if you are into stinky tofu! If you don't want to smell, you might want to stay far away from this stall....  I will be back to try some stinky tofu!~beef beef beef beef beef tofu... tofu! tofu! 
I ordered a 3-cup chicken on rice for lunch ($4.99).  The portion was insane (see picture).  The chicken tasted homey with strong flavour of ginger and a hint of garlic.  Wait, there were garlic pieces in the mix; I ate them anyway.  So authentic.  I tasted the soy sauce and dark soy sauce, but can't find the sesame oil aroma.    This dish was okay though I wish the sesame aroma was stronger.  The price vs portion ratio was very good though.~chicken chicken ginger garlic. garlic soy sauce soy sauce, 
The BF heard about this place off of redflagdeals.com and conveniently I had a dentist appointment in the area. We decided to drop by for dinner after since I'm a huge fan of noodles and stinky tofu.  It's a food court, so not very high expectations for service and atmosphere, but everything was clean and it was pretty quiet at 8pm on a Monday night. The Moo Beef booth is decorated really nicely with wooden plaques listing menu items, but only in Chinese. We were able to order in English but it would've been easier in Chinese for sure. The owner didn't seem to be overly fluent but the other girl (daughter?) was helpful.  We ordered two bowls of the classic Beef Noodles and a stinky tofu. I wanted to try their original broth before going for the spicy options, which would normally be my choice. Each bowl came topped with cilantro, bok choy, pickled cabbage and green onions. The noodles were thick and chewy, a good texture. The broth was salty but flavourful. There could have been a few more pieces of beef, but I did like the tendon and each piece was soft and tender. I was impressed with the stinky tofu, they were crispy and tasted great. Authentically stinky.~tofu. beef beef tofu. cilantro, cabbage beef, tofu, 
Ce petit restaurant est un incontournable de la rue Prince-Arthur. Ils offrent salades, pizzas, brochettes cuites sur charbon de bois, poutine et sandwichs. Un prix imbattable! Je mange toujours super bien pour à peine $10 (2 brochettes avec 2 salades).Pour les amateurs, ils offrent des brochettes de filet mignon et laissez-moi vous dire que c'est succulent. Et que dire du service que j'ai. Ils sont tellement accueillant et toujours super serviable. Maintenant que je suis un habitué, il prépare son charbon d'avance pour mes brochettes, pour être certain que je n'ai pas à attendre trop longtemps. Que demander de plus? Vous pouvez également vous réchauffer avec un bon café ou thé lors la température est fraiche. Aller y faire un tour et n'ayez pas peur de parler avec le personnel, ils sont si chaleureux.   This small restaurant is a must of the Prince Arthur Street. They offer salads, pizzas, skewers cooked on charcoal, poutine and sandwiches. Unbeatable price! I always eat great for just $ 10 (2 skewers with 2 salads) .For lovers, they offer filet mignon skewers and let me tell you it is delicious. And what about the service I have. They are so welcoming and always super helpful. Now that I'm a regular customer, he prepares the charcoal in advance for my skewers, to be sure I don't have to wait too long. I can't ask for more! You can also warm up yourself with a cup of coffee or tea when the temperature is cool. Go check it out and do not be afraid to talk with the staff, they are so friendly.~salads, salads) coffee tea 
Pretty convenient for me and my girl. Right down the block from our place. First tried jack in the box after I paid my car bill and was blown away by the bacon & Swiss buttery jack. Always coming back for more.~bacon & 
I stopped in Friday around 11:30 am for a quick lunch. I order Jumbo Jack without lettuce and received one with lettuce I could see the female putting hamburger together was mad she make Six burgers before she make mine like I order it. Customer service is not a strong value at this restaurant.~lettuce lettuce burgers 
Maybe because it was NYE but workers were friendly. It's connected to a convenience store that also has a few slots and a gas station too. There's a lot of cars going in and out of the parking lot.  In general I think Jack In The Box is decent but this location was slightly disappointing because the fries were not warm and soft when I received it...they were room temperature and kind of crunchy.~fries 
Ok, we came here just because we had a 2 for $5 coupon for the Spicy Chicken Sandwich. It looked tempting.   We picked it up in the drive-thru along with some curly fries. Cannot pass up curly fries since they are hard to come by. Jesus took our order and helped us at the window. Very professional and polite.   Got home and the food was super hot, and looked great. So many times you order fast food, only to bring it home and it looks nothing like the photos they advertise. Not this time. Lettuce and tomatoes looked great. Big piece of breaded, spicy chicken. As for spicy, it was fairly mild. I added their buttermilk ranch dressing, and it was great. Curly fries were hot, crunchy and wonderful.   Awesome!~chicken sandwich. curly fries 
My friends and I weren't happy that the order was late and when we received it, the portion was small. I said "these aren't medium, could i have more fries." The guy said it is medium and only gave more fries for 1 out the 3 orders. The soda fountain didn't work until the clerk pressed a control switch. The food didn't taste the same as I remembered.~fries. fries 
So of the dumbest people working there... You ask for a "Big Cheeseburger" plain, they give you bread and meat no cheese.  Oh and then you call them to fix it and they don't pickup the phone.  Their excuse is the company hasn't bought them a new $9 phone.  Terrible service!~cheese. 
I've been a member of this gym for a year to date and going during my lunch hour downtown has changed my life.  All of the exercise equipment is state of the art and has its own monitor for watching Law and Order while your run a quick 5K at lunch.  Or you can take one of their many lunch hour classes, and I've tried all of them.  All of the instructors are passionate and caring, from butts n' guts and spinning to yoga and Pilates, and they are all included with the $50/month membership, which  is a really great deal.    Downsides: the women's locker room is way too small, you are always bumping into someone while you change, but for the most part everyone is very considerate and friendly so it's not that big of a deal.  Also, because the classes are so great, you have to call in the morning to sign up and you won't always get a spot because I swear some people must be calling at 5am.  Overall, a really solid place to work out if you work downtown and have a decent lunch hour.~date 
When one of our favorite Gilbert family businesses closed shop (Gelato del Cielo) we were very sad. But when we saw O Gelato open nearby, we thought "there is hope!" Alas, there is not.   This product is NOT gelato - it is just regular ice cream that someone decided to call gelato and stick into a tiny cup so they can charge an exuberant price. The flavors aren't at all exciting and it's just not the gelato we know and love. Gelato del Cielo had authentic gelato (which we discovered in Rome, Italy 2 years ago). It is too bad this place doesn't offer the good stuff.~ice cream 
Yeah for yummy gelato!   My husband and I had a two-for-one coupon. The small gelato serving comes with two flavors. I got birthday cake and strawberry cheesecake, and he got pistachio and cappucino.   The decor is cute and modern. I like this place!~cake 
Everytime I come here I'm always treated nicely by the staff. They're friendly and do an excellent job. The food is good too. I ordered the strawberry lemonade and it was delightfully tasty. But honestly I've had better. Same goes with their coffee as well.   I had the red, white and blue slam yesterday and it was okay. It's not as good as they advertise it on tv. It's a good thing they only offer it for a limited time.~coffee white 
Worst service ever.  They are lucky I'm even giving them 1 star but the Cali Avocado Skillet dish was pretty tasty.  The waitress messed up our check and took forever for them to fix it.~avocado 
Came for a Grand Slam and it was the best Grand Slam I've ever had. They even made the bacon just the way I requested (very very well done, almost burnt without actually burning), which is rare because at most places I still get floppy bacon no matter what I say. The hostess was friendly, my waitress was friendly and efficient, and the dining area was clean and organized. Definitely want to come back to this location.~bacon bacon 
Decide to go Denny's for my son's birthday, Yay he got a free breakfast.  The food was fine, very typical Denny's food. I has the biscuits and gravy and a scrambled egg. It was perfect, my son loved his breakfast as well. Will return for my birthday. The waitress was very nice, the food was warm. Just a nice simple place.~egg. 
Erin? I think his name was.  It started off great, he was super patient with my undecidedness. I hadn't eaten all day and everything sounded good!! He quickly brought a fresh iced coffee when I didn't even realize I slurped the first one down while purusing the menu.  After talking it over with Erin, we decided the breakfast burger was the ticket. Not sure what it was called, it was hasbrown, egg and bacon on a burger pattie.  Once I recieved my meal, Erin disappeared!!! He dropped off my ticket not 2 minutes after he gave me my food and magically fell off the earth. There was about 10 other waiters/waitress there, discussing what sounded like a meeting but was really just an excuse to sit and gossip.   Not one of these people asked if I needed anything else...which I did. Tobasco sauce would've been fantastic with my meal. The a/c was set to freeze your ass off, and that if you didn't finish your meal in 10mins, it would be cold.  Finally, I got up and paid for my meal when the hostess walked back to her station. Why do they ask if we want to add anything more to the original bill? There's a spot for us to write that in when they hand us the recipt. Sounded fishy. Besides, I try and tip in cash anyway, which I only left a couple bucks. Erin was attentive...in the begining.  Will not be back.~coffee burger egg bacon burger 
Our daughter's wedding reception was at WID recently, and all I can say is "WOW!"  There is no other wedding venue like it in Madison. Beautiful and modern, with flexible spaces for cocktails, dinner and dancing. The staff executed our event flawlessly! They are professional, efficient and easy to work with. They took care to make sure everything was as we wanted it to be.   The food is catered by the on-site restaurant, Steenbock's on Orchard. The appetizers and our meals were just delicious, interesting and well-executed! I heartily recommend!~appetizers 
Prices are certainly right here, but as far as I'm concerned it's pretty subpar.  The woman taking our order wasn't particularly friendly, the "grande" burrito is probably half the size of a chipotle burrito and wasn't flavorful.  As other reviewers have said they barely give you any chips...I counted 7/8.  I would go here again and maybe give it another chance, but I'll stick to chipotle (which is sad, because I had high hopes for this place).~burrito burrito chips... 
Are you a college student, or just a hungry person on a budget, wandering around Oakland craving Mexican food?  Skip the chain crap and visit Veracruz, conveniently located right between the Chipotle and the Q'Doba (and far better than anything either have to offer).  Pitt students, or anyone who looks like a student pretty much, even get a discount off the already low prices.  Portions are amply sized, and the burritos come in three different sizes unlike the horse-choker-fits-all style of the big chains.  Most of the best stuff on the menu isn't inside a burrito wrapper though, read over the whole menu and ask about any specials if you're unfamiliar, lots of good stuff to be had!  Plenty of hot sauce options on the table or the shelf, tasty imported sodas and juices to wash down your meal (including real homemade horchata) and if you're into either - you can always count on soccer or Hispanic soap operas (or both) being on the TV while you wait.~burritos burrito 
It's a hit or a miss. I usually order some tacos and they are always great. Last time, I ordered an enchilada with mole sauce it was absolutely disgusting. They microwaved the meat and some pieces were cold. I usually love the chips but they were stale that day. Pros: The staff is very friendly and their food is 10x tastier and cheaper than Chipotle.~tacos chips 
I was hoping by the look of this place that it would be more authentic, but I was disappointed.  I got the chicken chili burrito and it was fine but not great and nothing particularly interesting about it.  It definitely did not taste authentic and there were no choices about what toppings or salsas to put in it.  I ordered a side of guac that was super tiny and it seemed fresh but had no flavor at all to it.  My 2 friends ordered a veggie burrito and a fish burrito, respectively but they switched them up and gave them the wrong orders.  Unfortunately my vegetarian friend didn't realize the mistake until he was several bites into the fish burrito and he was really upset after eating it and felt ill since he hasn't eaten meat in over 10 years.  Also the burritos are much smaller than what you get at Chipotle or Qdoba, even for their larger "grande" size and the prices are similar.  Also the tables were not very comfortable, there wasn't much seating, and the temperature inside was pretty cold on a Winter day.~chicken burrito burrito burrito, burrito burritos 
I first went here about a year ago and had a very unimpressive enchilada - the experience was enough to keep me away until yesterday. Having gotten tired of the tacos at nearby Chipotle, I decided to give Veracruz another chance. I got chicken tacos which were made quickly and came in double corn tortillas with a small bag of delicious tortilla chips. Certainly not the best tacos in town, but passable! I will probably be back for more on a semi regular basis.~tacos chicken tacos corn tortilla chips 
I went to Pitt for three years (I transferred in as a sophomore). I think I ate at Veracruz at least twice a week during my sophomore and junior years. I can't say enough about it! I miss the black bean burrito to this day. Cheap prices, huuuge burritos, and you gotta love that 10% Pitt student discount!! Try the guac and chips, also - AMAZING guac. One complaint -- they never give you enough chips, but I went in so often that they'd usually give me a second bag for free without even asking. Love!!~burrito burritos, chips, chips, 
Veracruz makes an effort to distinguish itself from the standard big burrito or Tex Mex chains, and these efforts  pay off.  Chorizo, barbacoa, and al pastor double wrapped tacos are now on the menu, as well as other authentic Mexican dishes like chilaquiles and sopes. Authentic Mexican food is a rare find in Oakland (let alone Pittsburgh), so these tasty dishes make Veracruz worth a visit.   If you're unfamiliar with the aforementioned foods, I suggest you dive in and try them regardless of your personal reservations. Otherwise, Veracruz is simply average in terms of Americanized Mexican fare, such as nachos, quesadillas, and burritos. I actually prefer nearby Chipotle or Qdoba for Ameri-Mex. On a positive note, anything with their earthy, smoky chicken chili is decent, their guacamole is fresh and light, and their homemade red chili and avocado salsas are zesty and tasty.  Relatively cheap prices and a student discount is the icing on the cake (or the guac on the nachos, I guess). Service varies highly depending on who's taking your order.~burrito tacos burritos. chicken avocado cake ( 
One of the few places you can get horchata (cinnamon/rice milk) and exotic candies (at the counter).   It's pretty mediocre Mexican food for the most part, but compared to what else you can get nearby, probably the most homegrown you can get.~milk) 
I agree with Kit's assessment - mediocre food in general, but much better than Qdoba and Chipotle, the only other options for Mexican food nearby.  The portions are pretty big - a grande quesadilla was almost too much for me to handle, and I was starving.  The sauteed veggies were a nice touch (black beans, onion & I think zucchini) but I would have liked a bit more cheese.  The Mexican rice was very authentic and took me right back to a little restaurant in Buenavista - pink, tasted of chicken stock, studded with peas.  The chips seemed a little stale and the salsa wasn't the greatest, but the entire meal (grande quesadilla with chips & salsa, side of rice, and a soda) was less than $7.  Even though it's not great food, it's cheap and a good value.  I would definitely recommend Veracruz over the chain Mexican places.~black beans, onion & zucchini) cheese. chicken peas. chips salsa chips & salsa, 
Being from California I have been spoiled when it comes to Mexican food. Here, I ordered a steak burrito and a horchata. The burrito was small for the price but the horchata was nice; I don't know anywhere else where you could get it. The burrito was bland and not filling. There aren't many chips given and they too were flavorless. Pitt students do get 10% off with ID but sadly I'd recommend Chipotle or Qdoba over Veracruz.~steak burrito burrito burrito chips 
Cheap, fast, tasty, gives student discounts. The stuffed baked potatoes are delicious, the chips are fresh, and did I mention it's cheap? Very worth a quick lunch run.~chips 
Terrible. I had a small burrito which was mostly tortilla. Flavorless cubes of chicken. Flavorless salsa. Just bad.~burrito chicken. salsa. 
I've been here twice now because sometimes you just want a burrito. However, I can do better myself (and in fact, every time I go by this place I think I should quit my job and open a near-campus taco stand).   The chicken tinga burrito was quite good and pretty close to California style. The burrito portions are small enough to finish and not make you too fat, which is a plus I think.  Nachos are likewise quite good. Good for sharing, disappear fast.  However, this place serves the worst enchiladas I've had in long time. Decent tortillas and shredded chicken filling, but the sauce is canned and they top them with wilted lettuce and cheese that is dry and crumbly like parmesan in a can. Ick.  Also, the stools are really uncomfortable, and they serve their sodas in styrofoam cups.~burrito. taco chicken burrito burrito chicken lettuce cheese 
It is pretty tough to make bland Mexican food, but this place succeeds. My burrito was filled with salty mush. The pink(?!?) rice was way overcooked, to the point of congee. The grilled chicken (yea right!) showed no resemblance of ever seeing a grill, and had no flavor at all. They did add a teaspoon of salsa, but it wasn't nearly enough to fix the lack of flavor with all the other components. The 6 chips (yes, I counted) were stale to the point where nobody would want to eat them. Some flavorful salsa, guacamole, cheese, creme fresh, vegetables, etc. would have made the burrito way better.  They don't have pork on the menu. The portions are small. Food is bland, poorly cooked, stale.~burrito chicken ( salsa, chips ( salsa, cheese, burrito pork 
OH!  I could get fat from their chips and salsa!  I love going to Veracruz for lunch!  I work in Oakland and have a number of "mexican" restaurants at my disposal (including big chain Chipotle and Qdoba) but will 9 times out of 10 go for the 'Cruz!  It's so much more authentic.  I feel like the chef's only speak Spanish (at least that's how the cashier communicates with them) and there is always some Spanish soap opera or talk show on adding to it's authenticity.  Never usually packed- it's quick and filling.  Totally worth a try!  -10% off for students (or appearing to be under 22) -Free chips and salsa with my takeout order everytime -Cheap and delicious  Loves it...~chips salsa! chips salsa 
I've only been to Veracruz once, and I don't think I'll be giving them a second chance. The veggie burrito was sad with undercooked pink rice and flavorless veggies. I'd rather have Chipolte, which is good in a standardized sort of way.   Maybe there is decent 'authentic' Mexican food in Pittsburgh, but you're not going to find it here.~burrito 
I was a little skeptic of the pink rice but it's actually pretty good. Actually, everything I've ordered has been really tasty.   I have one complaint and that is the tortilla chips they give with your order. Yes, they are complimentary but you get  5 and they are almost always stale. That being said, if you want chips and salsa or guacamole then walk on over to Qdoba or Chipotle,but if you want enchilladas or a stuffed poblano pepper, Veracruz is your place!~tortilla chips 
The worst Mexican food I've ever had.  I thought I'd try it based on some positive reviews on here, and my desire to avoid chain restaurants.  Unfortunately it was terrible and made me wish I'd gone to either Chipotle or QDoba nearby.  The burritos are made with pink rice and I found a pea in mine.  It came with a bag of 5 poorly salted tortilla chips, and some flavorless salsa.  I'd rather still feel hungry and have my money.~burritos tortilla chips 
Pretty good veggie burrito I prefer Chipotle because theirs feels larger and watching it being made makes it more appetizing. Nonetheless this tasted good and the lady at the counter was pretty nice. I did a takeout cos the seating did not look particularly welcoming.. high stools and tables. This place has got the food right, but needs to work on quantity and ambience.. and also have a printed menu which clearly marks out the vegetarian items.~burrito 
a great favorite. They give student ID Discounts as well. Probably the best burrito in the burgh until we get a real taco truck.~burrito taco 
Don't; get me wrong, this is not a gourmet restaurant. But it's not supposed to be. If you want some of the cheapest, most delicious Mexican food in Pittsburgh, this is where you want to be. It's an unassuming, unattractive restaurant front on Forbes Ave, but do not let appearances fool you. This is one of the few places left I know of that can give you a delicious, filling meal for under 5 bucks. I've been eating the same thing (grande grilled chicken chili quesadilla) for almost two years now, and I will never get sick of it. They give you an automatic 10% discount if you look like a student, which you can't beat. Plenty of hot sauces to try on your food as well! My absolute favorite place to eat lunch quickly in Oakland.  If you don't know what to get, know that the grande grilled chicken chili quesadilla has a very good shot at changing your life.~chicken chicken 
Maybe I shouldn't have eaten at Grand Electric on Monday and then waited 15-20 minutes for lunch at this food truck on Thursday in Toronto's sweltering heat. Why frustrate myself with the wait and then subject myself to an insurmountable taco benchmark? And after being in SF's Mission District just weeks ago?  The truck is an interesting concept, because it serves a different menu from Buster's at the St. Lawrence Market, which I ate at on Friday (very good, by the way).  The truck has the finger food / rolls concept - fish tacos ( $8 for two), shrimp tacos, crab roll, lobster roll ($13).   I got the fish  tacos. Pretty heavily fried. The fish was fine but nothing compared to the light airiness and freshness of Grand Electric, Playa Cabana, or the permanent location of Buster's in the Market. The fixings were pretty fresh - tomatoes, cabbage, etc...several hot sauces available free of charge. The shell - a soft shell which was crisped on the grill a bit - was a major disappointment - a bit awkward to eat, and not tasty.  Maybe the lobster roll is the thing to get here - if you have lofty fish taco standards like me, I'd avoid the fish tacos though.~taco tacos ( shrimp tacos, tacos. cabbage, taco tacos 
My first food truck review!  I've only had the fish taco.  The fish is nicely fried with good flavours, sauce had a good kick! The only part I didn't like is the bread/wrap, it was way too starchy, took away from the whole experience.   The good part I guess was I didn't have to wait in line. I had this at the Veld past month. The price was reasonable and I would go back for more if I see it. :)~taco. 
Discovering this food truck at the CNE this past summer started my quest to find the best  Lobster Roll in Toronto. Though I have been unable to locate this food truck since, I was glad that I waited in the long line to try Buster Sea Cove.   The Lobster Roll was smaller then I would have liked, and I would have preferred fries instead of the Miss Vickies chips, but the roll itself was fantastic! The fill was smooth but had enough chunks of lobster in it to know that I was actually eating lobster. The buttered bun was toasty, and just accentuated the flavour of the lobster meat contained inside.  Next stop for me is to try the St. Lawrence location!~fries chips, 
Went to the food truck version that was out at the Sony Centre.  Reasonably priced.  Ordered the fish taco, 2 for $10 and received a free chip bag, nice toss in.  When I received the taco, the ratio of fish to everything was way off.  The fish was too big to fit per bite in proportion to smaller corn tortilla it was sitting upon. The salsa, punchy, tangy, spicy.  Maybe greater in smaller amount.  Overall, not overly impressed, but it was barely passable.~taco, taco, corn salsa, 
I had a great experience with this food truck. They were at celebration square on Canada day and the line up wasn't huge. Ordered the shrimp and ahi tuna tacos and the key lime pie in a jar. Amazing!!!! Awesome!!! I appreciate that they take your order with your name and call out your name when it is prepared. Very personal, as opposed to a numbered system.   The food came out warm and delicious, which stayed warm whilst looking for a place to post out with the busy Canada day crowd.  Wow, when I first tasted the shrimp tacos, utterly taken aback! Such crispy shrimp with a spicy batter, tasty coleslaw type filling.  The taste was unique and on point. The ahi tuna was thick, delicious and seared perfectly.  Again, amazing blend of flavours. The taco shells were delicious and fresh.  Salsa was delicious, fresh tomatoes, and onions (can't tell what else it's made of but just deliciousness). Yum.  Fantastic medley of flavours and textures.  The tacos also came with three small slices of lime, they don't play around they give you enough to juice up your tacos.  They also give you good quality thick napkins.   For desert, had the key lime pie in a jar. I love that idea! Especially for a food truck, it's great on the go, really keeps it clean while eating on the go. Would make a great present too. Beautiful packaging complete with a cute green ribbon and bow :).  The cost of the two tacos are ten dollars and the key lime pie was eight dollars, tax inclusive.  Would definitely try again!~shrimp tuna tacos lime pie shrimp tacos, shrimp tuna taco salsa tacos lime, tacos. lime pie tacos lime pie 
3.5 Stars  VIBE This is a review for their food truck. I had this at the Beaches Jazz Fest so it was a welcome reprieve not to have to wait in line for eons as I would have at TUM or elsewhere. Staff were quick, on the ball and friendly.   THE GOODS I got the lobster roll and unlike the competition, it's not doused in mayo. It's super fresh lobster and you get quite a good portion of it but not enough to feel super full. Maybe that's why they give you the chips? (which a bag of Miss Vickie's alongside just seems kind of cheap. Sorry).  You also get a big ass dill pickle which I like. Slather some of that all of my lobster, please and thanks! I feel like the lobster could use a wee bit more flavouring but they don't want to distract from it either. It's a delicate balance.   That said, even though the lobster is delicious (and maybe it's just the cost of importing it), it's just expensive at $13. Get rid of the chips and charge $8 to $10 for that sucker and you'll double your volume. I can get a Keg Prime Rib Burger with TWO sides in a brick and motar restaurant for the same price (compartively speaking...I know it's not lobster but still).   OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK  Swim to the ocean...but you'll be paying for it. Curious about their tacos. Maybe next time. They're much more reasonable at $8 for two sizeable portions.~chips? chips burger tacos. 
The truck was by my work and I had a terrible craving for shrimp so I ordered the shrimp po boy.  I've never had an authentic po boy down south and my only comparison is with a po boy made by a friend who attempted to make it as authentic as possible (as she had travelled down to NOLA and fell in love with the food).  Cons: The bread is some sort of a garlic loaf, so definitely not authentic.  Pros: The shrimp was HUGE so totally made up for the price of the sandwich (I think it was $10?) All in all, great flavour and I would order it again, just don't expect a shrimp "po boy" as it's more of a sandwich.~shrimp shrimp garlic shrimp sandwich ( shrimp " sandwich. 
They don't seem to be around much so I've only managed to eat from this truck once. The fish taco was very tasty  but there wasn't a lot to it.~taco 
I've been to the Busters truck a couple of times. The first time I went I got the lobster roll, as I was quite excited about it. (as I love lobsters rolls). It is tasty, but it is quite small. This makes sense as lobster is not exactly cheap. It comes with a pickle and a bag of Miss Vicky's chips. This is needed due to the size of the roll, and I am glad they understand this. The best part of the lobster roll though is not the lobster itself, but the buttery bun they put it on. I have also taken part in the shrimp tacos there, and they were good and more filling than the lobster roll...  Overall, the product tastes good, but because it's not a portion I can feel full on it's not a place I would frequent regularly. I have opted to stick to making my own lobster rolls... but for those of you who don't want to go through that hassle, this roll is at least better than what they offer at 416 Snack Bar :)~chips. shrimp tacos 
I had the lobster roll for lunch and although at $13 it was twice the price of a McLobster, it was definitely better tasting and well, I didn't have to drive all the way to the Maritimes to have it.  The lobster roll comes on a folded sliced bread (folded from the factory, I might add - I don't know how else to describe this, you just have to see it) which is buttered and toasted. The lobster is shredded and mixed with light mayo and chives and other herbs. It comes with a bag of Ms. Vickies chips, two quartered pickles, and a slice of lemon.  I didn't have the fish tacos ($8 for two) but my friend did and the fish was heavily battered and the tortilla got soggy and fell apart halfway through. Didn't look very appealing to me but he said it tasted good.  I like how their pricing includes the tax already.  Tip: Don't go visit the food trucks when the weather says "Feels like 40 degrees".~chips, pickles, lemon. tacos ( 
Maybe it was the evening of Nuit Blanche or colder weather but the fish tacos were so-so. Big pieces of fish but by the time we got them, they were cold and lacking in flavour.~tacos 
Lately I've been making an effort to visit the current food trucks popping up. One friday afternoon I was out of work early and caught busters before they closed up shop at 3pm. I rolled up around 230pm and most of the menu was crossed out. To my advantage they still had some fish tacos.   Now I've read the other reviews prior to posting this, and ill have to agree, the fish is battered pretty heavily and the taco shells fall apart, but the latter is not because of the heat, they put the salsa and cabbage underneath the meat! Who thought this was the right way to build a taco? I mean, if you want to do that, add a second shell (which is quite normal at most taqueria's south of canada). However, buster had all the ingredients right for making tacos. I hope they continue it.  For the record, the mission district in sf is know for it's burritos, not tacos.~tacos. taco salsa cabbage taco? tacos. burritos, tacos. 
I saw the Buster's Seacove truck on FoodTV, so was excited to try it. All i can say is the pictures do not tell the whole picture. The portion size are very small, you can finish the tacos and the rolls in literally a couple of bites. The taste is good and refreshing, but the portion is such a turn down for me. I understand seafood is pricy,  and you are paying for the convenience, but at least i'm somewhat full with the other food trucks. Not too impressed with Buster's~tacos 
Yes!  Fish tacos!  Yes!  Lobster roll!  Yes!  Octopus taco?!  Yes!  Yes!  Yes!! I visited this truck at CraveTO.  After being ripped off, foolishly paying the $15 entry fee, my feelings were comforted by Buster's offerings.  The octopus taco was fantastic, with tender bits of lovingly cut octopi nestled in a fresh mini tortilla.  If it were not such a bright sunny day, I'd eat five.  In  a row.  However, I stopped at one, and am slightly disappointed that I did.   I'll return to step up to that challenge.   Until then, Buster.~tacos! taco? taco 
Last year I finally jumped on the food truck bandwagon. I must admit, this was mostly due to a matter of convenience since food trucks were parking themselves within walking distance from work and home.   I was extremely excited to hear that RBC Plaza would be "featuring" food trucks in front of their building during the summer months. One highly anticipated food truck to make its appearance was Buster's Sea Cove.   The trucks are usually there from 11am-3pm or until they sell out of product. I've gone to buster's food truck twice, both times they ran out of lobster roll fixings. The lines are always long from 12-2. It's best to go early to avoid the long wait (1130ish) and if you go after 2 you run the risk of having only a limited selection of food to choose from (ie no lobster rolls).  I ordered 1 crab roll which came with a small bag of Miss Vicki's chips and a pickle on the side.  The portion size of the meal was disappointingly small. The roll was essentially 1 regular piece of wonder bread, toasted, and folded in half with the crab stuffing in the middle.The crab roll itself was delicious in taste consisting of creamy, buttery, salty Alaskan crab! It left me salivating and wanting more.   Overall, $10 for 1 slice of bread seems kind of an absurd amount of money to spend on a small sandwich but I suppose a good argument can be made that it's not the bread you are paying for but the crab and also the quality of taste that the overall crab roll has to offer. I don't know if I would be willing to wait in another long line up for such a small sized meal that I find to be overpriced but I do still want to try their lobster rolls and I hear they are opening a location in the PATH http://bustersseacove.ca/blog/busters-sea-cove-is-coming-to-the-path/ . Huzzah! CONVENIENCE!!!~chips sandwich 
Been looking for good fish and chip all around of the GTA. Found this to have the best fish and chips. The fish is excellent, the chips are great. Always a line up. This is now my good to place everytime I'm in Toronto. Try the Sword fish~chips. chips 
My waffles were sour inside, my wife had to return her Benedictines with mushrooms, because they had disgusting smell. Service was mediocre due to the fact that only one waitress was serving the whole place during Saturday morning. The only thing they are able to make decent is flipped eggs and bacon. Don't risk ordering anything else here. My wife's verdict: "never again".~mushrooms, bacon. 
I came here 7 am sharp as an early bird. Came back from vacation in Bangladesh so  didnt have grocery done and thanks to jet lagging woke up early at 5, anyways left as fast as I could and came straight here. It wasn't too busy when I went there and there was only one waitress serving. I was happy with the fast and polite service. The restaurant was very colorfully designed with typical tutti fuiti decor. Lots of hens and farm animals will keep you company in case you come in for a coffee alone in the morning. I had a smoked salmon bagel cream cheese that came with a loooot of fruits which i didnt mind because I was craving a whole of canadian goodies, Their hot chocolate is a bit watery but I did enjoy the bagel. Overall, it was a good experience.~coffee smoked salmon 
Poor service. One elderly lady seats, serves and does everything. Good food though. Crepes were okay and well presented. Coffee was very weak. Place was clean.~coffee 
FRANCAIS PLUS BAS to Kristen N.: Yup and they're all like that. In my humble opinion the worse issue with breakfast restaurant are that they use shortcut. Frying rissole potatoes that's one lousy one. Having some industrial bechamel et putting mozzarella for a Florentine eggs is just wrong! You need Gruyere. Of pancake that are in fact american pancake which are way more thick and in my opinion almost taste like Eggo Waffles.  Anyway shortcuts is never the answer, otherwise you might as weel stay at home  Celui ou j'allais est fermé pour insalubrité! Et pis j'ai en horreur les resto-dejeuners qui prennent des stupides raccourcis! D'abord les pommes de terre rissolées qui sont frites m'insulte! ok c'est ben plus long sur une plaque chauffante mais la chaire est juste vraiment bonne et c'est normalement cuit au beurre salée-poivrée. L'astie de base la! Tu veux du bacon? pas de trouble, on te sert le précuit qui était déja pleinement cuit et tu te ramasses avec du bacon bien trop cuite. Ok et  les oeufs a la florentines; un classique avec de la béchamel commerciale et du cheddar. Vraiment! un peu plus et on réinvente ce que c'Est. De un y'a du Gruyere pas du cheddar, De deux une béchamel maison, est-ce vraiment trop demandé? J'accepte de payé plus de 20$ pour un déjeuner, j'Aimerais vraiment que ça soit dans le respect des choses mais Tutti frutti ont décidé de coupé des coins pour servir quelque chose de vraiment juste boff. J'ai hâte de retrouvé un resto-dejeuner qui fait du sens!~mozzarella bacon? bacon 
I am the recipient of roses from All Occasion Floral. They were delivered yesterday for my birthday. I was out all day, but received a message from the owner, letting me know that she left an arrangement behind the planter by my front door. That was a great touch, as had I not received that message, the flowers would probably still be sitting there, frozen dead. Who ever goes through their front door in Arizona? :-) The flowers were beautiful. There were 1 dozen white roses, (my personal favorite). I did find the packaging a little odd however. They were just wrapped in plastic, like at the grocery store and left on the floor. I never had flowers delivered before that were not either in a box or a vase. The flowers were beautiful, but they were on the verge of opening. They opened completely today and are still beautiful, but now they will be ready to throw out in a day or two when they start dropping petals, turning brown on the edges and dying out. I've always received roses that were still quite closed on arrival, so that they lasted at least a week and you got a longer time to enjoy them. I will be disappointed when I have to throw these out so soon, therefore, between the packaging (or lack thereof) and the longevity of this batch, I have deducted 1 star.  I would definitely give them another chance tho, as the customer service seemed over and above the norm.~white brown 
Good mexican food w traditional sonara selection,the tortas are by far the best I ever had.they are big and grilled like paninis,they come with lays chips,weird but its a college town,they set up the inside like chipoltle so its easy for them drunk kiddies to get no pico on thee burro,because like filisquirtos they always forget,im sold on this place as of now,stay gold.~chips, 
Its close to work. Food is ok.  They have unlimited chips and salsa bar. Good little place. Price is ok. Worth a try~chips salsa 
Not great.  Some mediums and some lows:  Ceviche - not that great.  Fish was kind of mealy and not seasoned well. Beef Tacos - the beef was VERY dry, some of it completely dry.  Seasoning was not noticeable. Carne Asada - decently seasoned, and not dry.  Nothing memorable though. Chips and Salsa Bar - the best part.  Several different kinds of salsa, including a tomatillo/avocado, a "spicy" red, and a "smokey" red. Tacos al Pastor - not that good. Rice and refried beans - standard fare, nothing to make them stand out.  I do like that they used Mexican crema for the sour cream.  All in all, qualifies as a "Never Again" stop.  P.S.  Had three co-workers with me, and none of them liked it either.~beef tacos - beef chips salsa salsa, tacos sour cream. 
Let me start by saying if I could give it NO stars then I would have done that. Moving on to the review.... So my coworkers and I head here for lunch today..go in check out the menu which is quite small and limiting but whatever..decide to order a bacon breakfast burrito..go up to counter and ask if it has potatoes in it.. the girl replies with yes and I say "okay good" order my burrito/ drink (side bar -- they have their drinks behind the counter and I had to wait for the girl to finish taking the rest of lines order to get my drink..annoying but okay). The three people im with all order AFTER me and then ALL get their food. Im waiting..waiting.. after about 10 ish minutes and my friends PLUS all the people after me getting their food I go up and ask where my burrito is...they all look around at each other and are like "ummmm we accidentally gave it to a car in the drive thru" so my first thought is...IF YOU REALIZE THIS WHY DIDNT YOU MAKE ANOTHER ONE!? Whatever. The worst is yet to come. Get my burrito..yes, its piping hot. So I take a bite..hmm no potatoes and by being the freak I am; I then decide to open it up and look...nope, no potatoes. Roll it back up and decide to eat it because im starving. Well after about 2 bites grease just comes POURING out..im not talking a little bit a grease..a TON of it!! I have ate at Filly's/ Los Favoritos/Someburros all these kind of places and NEVER HAVE EVER ON ANYTHING experienced SO MUCH GREASE. I put down the burrito and my hands were covered in grease, my napkins, plate. Too disgusting to eat. So by now all my friends are done anyways and I just threw it away. It was only 5 bucks...but they will never get my 5 bucks again. Also, I was talking to a seperate co-worker on my way out of the office about this place and she said there was one by her house but it closed down! Should have taken it as a sign......... NEVER AGAIN! Another thing, if you were wondering......my other friends that did not have my experience got rolled tacos, tacos and a torta.. the general consensus was that it was meh. Not worth going back for.~bacon burrito.. burrito burrito.. potatoes. burrito tacos, tacos 
Salsitas is a different style of mexican food (San Luis de Potosi/Michoacan) . I thought the beans and rice were delicious! I've had the chili rellenos, they were good but could've had more cheese inside, the sauce on top had very good flavor.  The carne asada torta was good and it was two meals for me. The carne asada should be chopped up because it was to tough to bite through. But, otherwise my experience was great. Service was great and they were extremely friendly!~cheese 
I've been really into froyo since trying Pinkberry on my various trips to LA. I've been on the hunt for something close back here in AZ. I've read the previous reviews and I think they must have improved a lot of the problems since I've discovered it because I haven't been aware of any of them.  I think this place is the best in froyo against the Mojo and Yogurtland I've visited. I like that they have a variety of flavors but am bummed when I go in and they don't have them. As long as they have the original tart I can be happy.  My favorite flavors are green apple and mango, and the fruit is always fresh and sweet. The place is decorated like any other cute little froyo joint and the girl behind the counter is always nice. Although I can't imagine what it must be like when it's packed and people are asking for samples because whenever I go in it's not busy.  Overall, it's a low-key and tasty froyo spot. It's a bit far from where I live but it's worth the drive for good frozen yogurt. I also dig the reward point system they have - it definitely makes the trip a bit better.~apple mango, frozen yogurt. 
The yogurt here is extremely runny and watery. I basically have a bowl of ice cream soup by the time I reach my car in the parking lot. I understand that the fact that it's 110 degrees outside has something to do with this, but I've been to about four other yogurt shops in the past few weeks and I never have this problem. I understand slight melting, but it is extreme here. Are they doing this on purpose to save money?   Oh plus they got rid of the Fruity Pebbles. Big mistake. I know Fruity Pebbles are light and don't make them as much money as strawberries and other fruit do, but they are a great topping. Bring them back!~ice cream 
Another Frozen Yogurt Joint..........   They have similar setup as most places now days, serve your self, $.39 cents per oz .   Original Tart and a handful of other flavors.  I tried a sample of the Taro flavor, it was interesting.   Then decided on the Original Tart and Blueberry.  The Tart was not tart at all and the blueberry which wasn't sugar free and all natural was way too sweet, go figure.   I did not enjoy it and I was bummed.  They did have fresh fruit though :-)   They are brand new maybe things will change.   I'm sure there will be people who will enjoy this yogurt but it's not one of my favorites.~frozen yogurt taro 
Very excited to have a frozen yogurt so close to me! Zwirl is basically the same as Mojo, Yogurtini, Yo Yo: Self serve, weight your cup and pay. They had different flavors that change (don't know if daily, weekly?)   I had the taro and summer bliss. Loved the taro, creamy and it does taste like taro. Summer bliss was a nice citrusy tropical fruit mix, tart and refreshing. I tried the original tart but didn't like it as much.  Fruit toppings were fresh, I had strawberries:)  I hope they don't close so I can have fro yo easily accessible:)~frozen yogurt taro taro, taro. 
I saw another frozen yogurt shop opening here in Ahwatukee (why were there so few for a while? California has so many and Arizona has so few - makes no sense) and I was hoping they would have tart yogurt like Pink Berry, or at least like MoJo's and lucky me, they did!   I looked on-line before they opened and saw they had a twitter account and on that it said for their grand opening weekend yogurt was buy-one-get-one half off so we all went in on a Saturday afternoon looking for just that.   They place is very small, but decorated well with green tile and all the yogurt machines are in the walls. Unlike MoJo's, when you come in the door and do it all your self here the yogurt girls want to serve you the samples themselves (for all I know, maybe even the yogurt). We asked about the BOGO and the girl had no idea about so she went to ask her manager. She came out and said the manager would only do it with the coupon so I had to explain that twitter doesn't come with a coupon and their tweet said nothing about a coupon.  So she had to go back to get the manager to intervene.  (Check out their tweet on August 16 at 4:02 pm http://twitter.com/ZwirlYogurt) She argued with me for a while and I understood where she was coming from, she obviously wasn't in charge of the twitter account, but come on. You need to be aware of what's going on with your business. She conceded and said that she could do it for us and to let us know when we were ready and she would personally ring us up.   At that point we had sampled a couple of flavors here and there waiting for answers and we weren't too impressed. The original tart was bland. I know that's what you would expect, but it's not bland at MoJo's or Pink Berry's. Kind of like the difference of fat free ice cream compared to the real thing (only this is all fat free). I also tried the tart pomegranate and that also tasted like it was missing something. My husband tried a couple too and that alone seemed to satisfy him. I just took a lick off my sample cups and gave the rest to the toddler so he was in heaven so after all that we decided the yogurt just wasn't worth it BOGO or not and we left. Sadly we won't be back. We'll stick with Golden Spoon and when I'm lucky to be close enough to MoJo's, I'll get my fix there. That being said, I hope they do well, I don't want to see any businesses fail.~frozen yogurt ice cream pomegranate 
I'm not saying this place is bad, but it doesn't really differentiate itself from any other yogurt shop.  You pour yogurt in your tub and add toppings; they weigh it and you pay for it...pretty simple concept.  I rather enjoyed my smoothie.  Service is pretty good.  I think they have a great location - right outside the theaters.  There's not a lot of chairs indoor and the outdoor has a small patio.  If you're a yogurt freak I gather you should stop by and take a gander.  Otherwise any yogurt shop would do.  Enjoy!~smoothie. 
Zwirl is always packed with crazy kids running around everywhere! I am not a fan of self-serve frozen yogurt because I have witnessed customers put their fingers in the yogurt machines and touch toppings with their fingers. Zwirl's flavors aren't anything special...the yogurt is icy and not as creamy as other yogurt shops. I would recommend Golden Spoon over this any day.~frozen yogurt 
Ugh. We were all so excited to try the new yogurt place after sushi and a movie! My 15 year old and 10 year old boys love yogurt and couldn't wait! I can't believe how bad it was. The smell inside was HORRIBLE!! I finally had to wait outside because the smell was that bad. We got in the car to drive home and my 10 year old asked if I would be upset if he didn't like his yogurt! I had to laugh...I couldn't eat mine either! The hubby and 15 year old ate theirs but said they wouldn't go back..yikes!~sushi 
Living in the area, my husband and I thought to give this salon a try, as opposed to our usual place all the way Downtown, hoping to become regular customers.  Staff are welcoming and very friendly.  The interior is very nice; clean.  Parking is odd.. There is this shady looking lot in the back; thankfully street parking was available and we were able to find a spot without too much trouble.  Reason for one star???? The cut.  Who cares how friendly the staff is, how chic the interior is if they can't execute a haircut properly or at the very least LISTEN to what the customer is requesting??    I came in with an angled bob that was slightly grown out as the ends were touching my shoulders.  The stylist was asked to TRIM this back so that the ends were no longer touching my shoulders, just sitting above them. That's it.  Keep the exact same haircut that I came in with, however, clean it up.  I showed her two photos of how the cut looked like when I had first had it down and she even repeated 'give it a trim and clean it up'.   Great. We are on the same page.  For the angled cuts, the patron is asked to look down so that their chin is almost touching their chest while the stylist cuts the back.  When I was able to look up again I was stunned into silence by the fact that most of the length of my hair in the back was GONE.  I didn't realize that this stylist was either a) hard of hearing b) doesn't know what the eff shoulders are.  It sounds almost ridiculous as I am a grown woman but I felt sick and seriously in shock that my hair was cut so short that I was unable, at that moment, to even say anything as I feared I would lose it.  My hair was all on the floor so at this point there was nothing that could be done to rectify this. To give an idea I went in with hair that was about a half inch below my shoulders and I left with hair so short you cannot tie it back into a pony tail.  Not only was the cut WAY too short, it was too dramatic an angle compared to what I came in with and what I asked to have restored.    Needless to say I would NEVER return and would sooner venture to cut my hair with a butter knife prior to returning to this place again.  My husband also got his hair cut and wasn't entirely happy with his as he felt the stylist didn't really listen to instruction (seems a theme with this place).  I should have taken the lack of reviews as a tip.    Total cost for two haircuts (ladies and male) was $90 - which is usually the cost for one decent haircut anywhere else.  I would much rather pay for a quality stylist who listens to what the customer is asking than save money on what would be the Dollarama version of a haircut.  Avoid..unless you really like surprises involving your hairstyle.~butter 
Plain and simple, we ordered a $15 pizza and it tasted like Ajax and 409. It took 30 minutes to cook, since they "couldn't" deliver. Pretty bad meal.~pizza 
I hate to pile it on to a local restaurant that is struggling, but it is what it is.  Walked in to the pizza side, very hot, was directed to the bar side, waited ~15 minutes for my pizza.  Had the 12" white pizza for lunch, with the advertised lunch specials being unavailable @ 11:40.  Ricotta, mozzarella, whisper of garlic.  Very lackluster, the cheeses seemed old, with the ricotta being especially clumpy and not creamy.  The crust on the outside edge was terrible, with the crazy sensation of toothpaste somehow.  A cavernous bar area that was completely empty from 11:45-12:25.  A very depressed owner matched this soulless mockery of a restaurant.  Pay your respects for 15 years of service... and move on.~pizza pizza white pizza mozzarella, garlic. 
DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS RESTAURANT!!!  This restaurant deserves no stars.  Foolishly and uncharacteristically, I did not check Yelp because my wife said she had been here in the past and it was fine.  She obviously blotted it from her mind as a horribly traumatic experience.  When we walked in, we didn't need to be seated because there was only one other couple in the restaurant, the first bad sign. The second was there was not a server in sight.  After about 5 minutes, a sever did appear from the back somewhere.  She asked for our drink order and I told her we were ready to order our dinners also, My wife ordered lasagne, which was an early bird special.  Bad sign #3.  The waitress asked her if she wanted the lunch or dinner portion (it was 6:30pm).  My wife replied that she wanted the early bird special.  The waitress grabbed the menu to examine it stating that she wasn't familiar with it because she was just here temporarily.  I ordered the Chicken Cacciatore and iced tea.  Bad sign #4.  The waitress brought my iced tea. What could be wrong with iced tea? It was the foulest, most undrinkable concoction I ever attempted to drink.  When the waitress came by, I told her the iced tea was undrinkable & to bring me a Diet Coke. She came back shortly with a glass of regular Coke because they didn't carry Diet.  I said fine.  Shortly thereafter, an older man came out and said he heard that my tea wasn't good so he would bring me a fresh one.  He brought me the (fresh) one.  I didn't think it was possible, but it tasted worse than the first one.  The salads came and they were OK.  They had fresh leaf lettuce, with tomato and onion, but the italian dressing tasted like Wishbone (Thank God they didn't make it themselves).  Now for the entrees.  I won't go into any detail, but suffice it to say, if Taco Bell & Jack in the Box made lasagne and Chicken Cacciatore, I would eat it there before I'd set foot in this restaurant.  By the way, I haven't been to either of those places in the past 20 years.  My wife and I agreed, this was the worst restaurant we have ever eaten in and I'm talking about literally thousands of restaurant meals.  I cannot fathom how this "restaurant" is still in existence.  I have definitely learned my lesson.  I will never ever forget to check Yelp before I go to a new restaurant for fear that I might have blotted this nightmare out of my mind as my wife obviously did.~chicken tea. tea. tea? tea coke. coke tea salads lettuce, tomato onion, taco bell & chicken 
11 bucks for a large cheese pizza was actually a bit refreshing in a market of overpriced food items these days.  Clearly not the best pizza I've had, but definitely good on the palate and worthwhile.  I'd order again if the moment was right.~cheese pizza pizza 
My boyfriend and I went in the other night by accident. We didn't even know it was there. Not many people there at first and we questioned if we were going to stay, but who we thought was the bartender was actually one of the owners. His name was Dax and he was awesome. He had my boyfriend and I laughing and we decided to stay for dinner. We ordered a pizza which was actually really good! More people started coming in and next thing you know Dax started up the karaoke machine and people had a blast. Not only is he a good singer but he's really good at working the entire room. I know he trying to make some changes and updates there and when he does he will have the place jumping. Definitely coming back!!~pizza 
We stopped by at 6:30p on our way home from a fed x pick up and thought we would try somewhere new.  We should have known when we walked in and not a soul was there but us and the eerie bartender.  We ordered 2 burbon and diet cokes and what arrive was 2 drinks both only half full with partially melted ice.  I would have sworn that they were left overs from someone elses table but there wasn't anyone else there.  They tasted like watered down coke.  The bartender took out order and he had no idea what time happy hour was over and it was on the plastic (nasty dirty) flier on the table. He certainly could have read it cause it looked like he had plenty of time since he had zero customers.  He took our order and had no knowledge of the menu.  I really can't rate the food cause we told the guy to forget it and left.  What was really strange (besides the weird music he started playing) was that he was not surprised at all.  Not in the least.  It was like he never intended to ever have to serve food in the first place.  After we left I read the reviews and noticed that the place has been open since 2007 and never had a good review or even a fair one.  Hmmmm  Something tells me this isn't really a restaurant,  I'm thinking this is a front for something, drugs, money laundering, anything but food. THe whole experience really creeped us out.  Maybe it was the 110 yr old bartender.  Go back??  I won't even drive by it again!  It was just tooo creepy.  Oh and the only reason I gave it 1 star is because you can't give zero!~coke. 
I met up with a friend here for a quick dinner after work and I took it for what it was worth. We grabbed a beer and some half price appetizers from their 4-7 happy hour menu. We were the only table in the place at 7PM, however there were others at the bar.   The food was average. They had really good ranch dressing and a salad that used actual green lettuce (romaine) which I was impressed with, considering. I had the Chicken Alfredo and my friend had the Chicken Parm, we split them. It's super affordable for a sit down dinner and feels good to support local businesses as much as possible.  I would go back if it was convenient - but I wouldn't bring out of town visitors.~appetizers salad lettuce ( romaine) chicken chicken 
So we were looking for something different in Tempe. Well, we found it. So far the worst Italian I've had in the valley. Look at my stats. One star reviews are rare for me. I'll usually go back at least once to give them another chance. But I'll make an exception in this case, because there's no way I'm ever goin' back to this place.  Should have known something was up when the waitress brought our drinks over talking on a cordless phone. "No," she said. "I can't talk right now. No. I'm working. I'm kind of bringing someone their drinks. Can I call you back? I'll call you back. Bye." When she put the phone down we ordered the eggplant parmesan. Big mistake. Looked and tasted like someone hid it at the bottom of the deep fryer and forgot about it. For 3 days. There wasn't much eggplant left, and what eggplant was left didn't taste much like eggplant. More like... cardboard. mmmm... cardboard parmesan. Seriously, it was gross. Sad thing was we were absolutely starving and on our way to a show so we ate it. Well, most of it. It came with a side of spaghetti, which was all right. Not as gross as the eggplant, but still not good.  Thought I'd give them a chance to redeem themselves with a canoli for dessert. Worst canoli ever. The dough was hard and stale, and the filling was strangely sour and so thick that technically I don't think it could be classified as cream. More like... gel.  Bad service, bad food. Beware.~spaghetti, 
Really can't say much bad about this place. Went with family, had a extra large sausage pizza. First let me start off. I'm a snob, I only put stuff in my mouth that is good as I have a problem with eating bad food. I enjoyed it. The sauce is a bit sweeter then what I'm used to, but good. The crust is crispy, New York style. I ordered the lasagna. Much to my surprise, it was also delicious! Down side, beer snob, and not a huge selection, but seems like a nice place to relax. The older gentleman was super nice and overall a good experience. Kinda shocked at the reviews on here. If you want crappy pizza go to pizza hut. If you want good pizza stop here.~sausage pizza pizza pizza pizza 
This isn't a great place.  It's not bad, but it's so far from great that it leans in the not so good direction.  It looked great from the parking lot so I figured I'd give it a try.  Walking in the door at 12:05pm on a weekday, I expected to be one of several folks rushing in for their lunch hour.  Just one other table in the whole place.  Should have tipped me off.  The place is good sized, has a nice bar and a pool table in the back.  2 tv's were showing different sports channels above the bar.  I couldn't help but feel like this was more of a bar that served Italian food than an Italian restaurant w/ a bar.  My service was fine.  The girl serving me was pleasant, but not exactly interested in being there.  The food was nothing above ok.  The sauce was fine, a bit sweet, but ok.  The pasta hadn't seen al dente in so long it would have needed a map to get back there.  And the garlic bread on the side was so dry it felt like they used stale bread before toasting it.  This was their special of the day.  Don't you want your special to be the things you do well?    If you're interested in their Texas Hold 'em tournements, I bet this could be a good time as a locaction.  The bar is really good sized and it's in a good spot in town.    Just make sure you've eaten dinner before you go.  PS - And don't use the bathroom unless you really really have to.  Kid you not - the toilet bowl cover was duct taped together.~pasta garlic 
This was the worst pizza I have had in the ten years I have been in Phoenix. The crust was flaky, like when you freeze bread forever and finally eat it. Cheese and sauce were some odd orange color with a awful taste. I threw this pizza out the next day. First time I have ever committed such a shameful act. It was 730 on a Saturday night when I picked up my pizza  and there were only two other cars in the lot...now I know why.~pizza cheese pizza pizza 
we ordered a white pizza to go.  what we got was a regular marinara/cheese pizza. (of course I didn't discover this until we were already home) the pizza was just ok, far from amazing. there was a cat roaming the bar while we waited... I adore cats, but not in restaurants.  overall, the place just seemed dark and greasy.  we won't be returning.~white pizza pizza pizza 
Good neighborhood restaurants are hard to find, a place that you can call your own, where the food is good and reasonably priced.  And in the southwest it's even harder to find a good neighborhood restaurant that serves Italian food.  In today's world of fast food and chain restaurants, people tend to choose the Olive Garden over a small business when the craving for good pasta and/or pizza dishes.  Carmen's Bistro on Baseline in Tempe lets one go back for a nice Italian meal without the hassle of corporate America's set menu.  A small place that mixes neighborhood bar with neighborhood restaurant, Carmen's is perfect for a night with friends or even a quiet setting to bring a date for the first time.  As you walk up, the kitchen if fully exposed so that one can watch the cooks prepare tasty delights that come out of the kitchen.  Upon arriving with a group of friends from out of town for an early afternoon dinner, we took a seat in the corner of the dimly lit restaurant.  The menu is traditional American Italian cuisine, serving everything from anti pasta to spaghetti with marinara to pizza.  Everyone in the group had the same thought as we looked at the menu, and a round or calzones was ordered by all, with two people getting fried zucchini sticks and a salad to start.  Arrival of the first course was quick, though the person that ordered the fried zucchini was surprised to see that the zucchini he ordered magically turned into fried mozzarella sticks.  Instead of sending it back, he ate them with much delight.  A small mistake turned into a lovely appetizer that was served with marina sauce for dipping.  The salad that came out was simple, your basic garden salad, that was portioned for a quick bite before the main course, not to filling.  The calzones then came out a little later.  Wait time was about twenty minutes, acceptable considering that they are made fresh in the kitchen.  The crust on the calzone was very basic, and not seasoned all that much.  A little garlic power would've gone a long way.  The same marinara sauce that was served with the mozzarella sticks came with it, for the same dipping purposes.  The sauce it self was a little sweet to taste, and served cold.  Heat would've made it a little more enjoyable, and of course a little garlic might take away the extra sweetness that was brought on by the tomato.  The filling in the calzone was hot, but not too hot to where one might burn their mouth.  The mixture that was in the calzone was your basic pizza toppings and could've been seasoned with Italian herbs for extra flavor, a little disappointing to say the least.  A very filling meal for everyone in the group, though not as satisfying for one's taste buds.  Service was not bad, but the screw up with the appetizer might be more a reflection of a lack of attention to detail by our server and not the cook.  Carmen's Bistro has a nice foundation in place, but still has some work to do if it wants to be considered a fine Italian food at a decent rate.  Still, it was better than the corporate menu and over trained service at the Olive Garden, making it a nice place to walk up to and eat, but not a place to set your plans to for an evening.~olive pasta pizza date pasta spaghetti pizza zucchini salad zucchini zucchini mozzarella salad salad, garlic mozzarella garlic tomato. pizza olive 
This place is a ton of fun, particularly when karaoke is being done.  The first time I came to Carmen's I didn't know it was karaoke until I heard the singing, and I was hesitant about eating with that going on.  I had always thought that people who did karaoke at bars and restaurants sucked really bad.  At Carmen's at least, the singers were really good!  I actually enjoyed listening to them, which I really didn't expect.  Tonight we were actually disappointed that the karaoke didn't start until after we were done.    The food here is so good.  They have huge calzones, delicious pasta and surprisingly delicious salads.  Yum.  The portions are so big that I have yet to try the desserts, but I have high hopes.  The service has also been really superb.  Really friendly people who do their best.  The atmosphere is dimly lit and bar-like, with nice comfy booths.~pasta salads. 
Arrived at 10pm, ordered a $7 personal pan pizza with tomatoes, mushrooms, and broccoli -- it was fresh out of the oven, w/ a slight amount of cheese and slight amount of sauce. (Be sure to ask to personalize it, if need more of either); plus a merlot, $4.50. Waiter was either on speed or had not had his downers yet ;)  My buddy had arrived earlier to get songs out of her head...and into the ether. So I joined her for a few, my first karaoke experience :) The sound system was pretty crappy and the song selection was very country, somewhat 90's rock, and a few from several genres otherwise.  Crowd was a small group of friends (10), a small group of college students (4), and pairs of drinkers at the bar (3 pairs, come and go). Dimly lit, comfy booths, ordinary tables/chairs, pool table for $ (did not try), and clean bathrooms.  Reminds me of places I've visited in small highway towns when driving cross country road trip'n.~pizza mushrooms, broccoli -- cheese 
I'm sorry Carmen's but you are getting a one star review.   I should have known as soon as I walked in this was not the sort of place to eat at. Should have just bellied up to the bar instead of ordering food, but we were starving. The eggplant parmesan was paper thin and extremely over fried. There we were pools of grease on the plate that they tried to mask by covering it with sauce and cheese (nice try) but you still could taste the overused deep fried oil remnants.  The drinks were weak. Very weak.  The canoli had the same deep fried stale taste and it was filled with cream that resembled the consistency of toothpaste.  The meal was one of the worst I have had in ages. Hands down, I will not be returning.~cheese ( 
Yelp removed my previous comment because (someone requested it) yelp said there was not enough information was provided in my review so it violated their policy so I wanted to rewrite with everything that happened. On September 25th we placed an order with Matt for pans for the steam oven we purchased through Voss. Around 12/8 I contacted Matt about  the pans inquiring when we would get them they sent us an invoice and had us pay $25 extra for shipping which the pans were already overpriced. 12/17 we were sent the incorrect racks and informed Matt immediately. On 1/7 I emailed Matt to ask when they would get the correct trays so we could switch the incorrect for the correct trays he said he would have them tomorrow and wanted to set up a day the owner (Rick) who frequents the area could pick them up. 1/11 Matt asked if Wednesday 1/13 worked I said yes between 11am-8pm he said okay. Around 8pm Rick called and said he was late and asked if we could reschedule and i said okay. He never contacted us to reschedule. 1/18 I emailed Matt requesting a full refund and they could pick up the incorrect pans when it was convenient for them. 2/2 Matt apologized and asked for our credit card information which I replied no to because we paid by check. 2/6 we sent a very upset email because it still had not been resolved which Matt replied that Rick (the owner) would bring us a check and pick up the pans on Monday. 2/8 Matt asked what number to give Rick to call when he was here which he already had from previous call to reschedule the initial pick up but I gave it to him anyways Rick never showed up! 2/10 I emailed Matt and asked him to mail me a check for the full amount and he said the secretary would mail the next day but then she called out sick which he notified me of which was fine. 2/16 was the set pick up date by FedEx for the pans but I initially told Matt I needed the check first which he said I should receive Monday or Tuesday prior to pick up. The check never came so we did not send the pans. After that we left a message with the secretary told her everything that has happened and that we needed to speak to Rick. It was late so he called the next day left a voice mail and said he would be there until 4pm. We called around 3:30 asked for Rick and the secretary said he was not in but once we gave her the name to leave a message he was magically still there. He told us we were sent a check and it must have got lost in the mail. He told us he would be there tonight to get the pans and give us a check. Which does not fix all the trouble we have gone through to sum it up after telling him from a business owners standpoint letting the customer keep the incorrect pans and giving them their check back should have been the solution that is what Rick agreed to do. Also we ordered the pans from the manufacturer saved $100 and received free 2 day shipping.~date 
I probably get my hair cut like once a year because every time it's been disastrous but my visit here was very satisfactory!! All I wanted was long layers and angles and my stylist did just that. Was a bit nervous at first since it is a beauty school, but my hair turned out great! Shampoo, cut, and blowdry was only $7.50! Hell, I can't even get a burrito for that price.~burrito 
Antiques Mall of Madison is a labyrinthian collection of vendor stalls housed under one roof. If you need something old, you can probably find it here. I strolled through at a leisurely pace and discovered everything from mountains of costume jewelry to nifty old cameras to walls and walls of (surely possessed) dolls.   My favorite find was probably the shelf of Fire King Peach Lustre glassware - I think I'll have to go back and treat myself to a bowl or two now that I know it's safe to eat from [I tried doing some research at the mall, but my phone was having trouble getting service in the huge hall]. The pearlescent sheen and orange-y peach hue are just too good to pass up.   Next time there's a rainy day or you've got a lull in your Sunday afternoon, embrace your inner septuagenarian and see what floats your boat from the good old days.~peach peach 
Chicago guy here reviewing a Chicago style hotdog joint in Arizona.  You have to ask for "Chicago Style Hotdogs"  Ordered: Combo extra hot dipped 2 dogs everything extra sport Fries and Coke = Beef was good peppery and thin, a little dry for a beef that was "dipped", so i think they dipped the bread but not the whole sandwich, next time I will ask for xtra juice.   Giardineria was really good, crunchy and spicy. Sausage was fantastic, reminded me of Caputo's hot italian, the sausage was split which i wasn't a fan of but all in all the combo is really good and would order again and again  = Dogs, good, maybe too much celery salt but now i'm being a  Hotdog Snob.  I don't know if they steam the buns, because my first was definitely a, found at the back of the pantry hard as rock edges type bun and killed the effect, but that's why u order two and the other one was perfect.  Note to establishment, steam those buns.            Al's helped to put me at ease knowing that there is a place in the Valley that I can go to and not have to miss Chicago food or order form Portillo's online.  I want to try Pizza Puff and Gyro next time.  Good place will make it a must stop.~sport fries coke beef beef sandwich, sausage sausage celery pizza 
Fair food, fair price, very nice folks!  I took the kids here after a day at the Falcon Field Air Museum, they were hot, tired and hungry. After explaining (a few billion times) that this was not "fast food" and the burger wouldnt fly into their mouths as we sped through a drive through, they settled down.  Have I mentioned that my grandkids havent been taught much in the ways of "someplace different"?   I'm working on that. The space is nice, with a mixture of booths, tables and a counter in the front window.  The counter where you order overlooks a clean and shiny grill, with assorted pictures of the offerings for those that have trouble reading the menu board.  With that setup.. heres the rundown. I wanted to try a Chicago style dog, my grandson wanted a hamburger, and the granddaughter wanted a corn dog. The hamburger was a fine if unremarkable version. Which was perfect, decent 1/4 Lb patty & Bun, melted american cheese, nice and tasty. The corn dog was about the same as you would find anywhere, also good (especially for a 3 year old who doesnt like culinary suprises!)  My jumbo hot dog was good, the actual weiner and bun itself was extremely unremarkable, in fact, and I'm sorry to say, I rather prefer the hot dogs at Costco (not the buns though!) it tasted like a cheap beef weiner in a wonder bread roll. The difference was the toppings, and thats what a Chicago hot dog is all about!  It had a small amount of tomato, pickle, peppers and mustard on it.  And I loved the fresh taste they gave it. Much crisper than heavy chili or cheese! My only desire would have been for it to have a heavier helping of the toppings, and in fact when I go back (which I will!) I'm going to request a foolish amount of toppings, I recomend anyone trying it for the first time, just dive right in and join me in ordering extra toppings, after all, thats the point of this style of dog! I ordered a chicago-style tamale because I had no idea such things existed. What I got was a microwave meat tamale that was indeed made in Chicago. It was just a sad, sad beast. I'm sure it's a famous Chicago food, and beloved, and if I was raised there I would crave it, but to me, it was flavorless, soggy in the wrong way, and existed only so that people could drench it in chili and cheese, probably a hit at 7-11's, but not for me. However, at about $1, I was willing to try it, and glad I did, however I shall not be having that one again.   We ordered 3 fries, and two would have done! They load those baskets up!  I would ask for them well done next time, just because I like a slightly crispier fry, but that a minor quibble, zero complains on the fries! Or anything, $15 for a mess of food, cooked to order, by a locally owned shop that cares. I'll certainly go back.  They also sell Gyro's, which I didn't try, even though I've been longing for a great gyro, and Italian sausage and steak sandwiches. I want to try those next.~burger corn cheese, corn hot dog hot dogs beef hot dog tomato, cheese! cheese, fries, fries! sausage steak 
Not often you go into a place with a person's name on the door and find that person working the register or cooking, but that's what you will find at Al's.  Been going here for a few years, but haven't tried much of the menu - the Chicago dogs and fries are just too good. Also recommend the beef sandwich, which comes juicy, tangy, and messy. And let me tell you, some of the best things in life are messy.~fries beef sandwich, 
Probably the best Chicago style food and by far the best Chicago Dogs I've had in Arizona...  Nuff said!  Menu is very fairly priced and make sure to get the Vienna beef Chicago dogs... ugh sooo good.  table/booth seating and a few bar type seats up front along the window.   Al is usually manning the front and/or register so be sure to say hi...  Very friendly staff and plenty of Chicago swag around the walls to check out.  Definitely check out Al's... very good food!~beef 
I'm going to go right out and say it.  Tim Horton's is 1000000X better than Dunkin' Donuts.  Do what you will with that tidbit, but it's the truth.   This specific Tim Horton's was the best.  First of all, it's open 24/7.  And since Joe and I did not get to the hotel until 1:00 AM this was a godsend!!! Never mind I was eating the worst thing ever but it was damn tasty and it definitely hit the spot, especially with the hell we went through.  For some reason Tim Horton's (at least in Toronto) does NOT have iced coffee.  ::Brakes slamming:: What?! I don't understand it.  And what I didn't understand even more was that most of the Torontonians that I saw were all drinking HOT COFFEE (ok, I know this is Toronto, but we managed to go during a terrible heat wave, so it boggled my mind even more).  They have these iced Cappachino things, that are basically like DD's Coffee Coolatas, and I really wasn't a fan of them (they were however, cheaper that DD's version).  Probably won't be getting those again.    Now if only they went with iced coffee, they might get that last star....~coffee. coffee ( coffee coffee, 
Meh. These things are all over the place, and people in Toronto seem to love them, so I went in to try. Basically it's a cross between Dunkin Donuts and McDonalds. Greasy tables and mediocre eats. Not impressed. You're probably better suited getting your coffee from another chain.~coffee 
Walking on the street I saw  a line of people at this place in the morning. I go "WTF" and decide to check it out. Turns out to be like a dunkin donuts. Food was pretty good and the coffee woke me up~coffee 
They ran out of pretty much everything besides some donuts and plain coffee. This was our first Tim Hortons experience and left a bad impression on us.~coffee. 
Great coffee and the best blueberry muffins.~coffee 
You already tried Tim Horton's and you either like it or you don't. But just because I've heard quite a few comments about the quality of the donut or whatever, I thought I'd share my googling on the subject (maybe this is all common knowledge but maybe you haven't read this yet). As of 2002, the chain moved from having the stores ditch all in-store baking equipment in favour of microwaves. The donuts are partially baked in a plant in Brantford and shipped frozen to be microwaved on site throughout the day. So if you used to like Tim Horton's donuts and can't figure out why you don't like them so much any more that is why.  Also the "homemade" chicken noodle soup that they serve at lunch is definitely powdered and rehydrated. One bite of the shrivelled peas and carrots in the soup and it is obvious. But in Toronto, there really aren't that many alternative options for donuts and the product, if nothing else, is consistent so if you are okay with it then you are okay with it.~chicken peas 
I heard someone mention that Tim Horton's serves coffee... if you want to call that coffee that is. If this is indeed a "national treasure" then this is one poor nation. I don't understand how anybody could be drinking this mixture of diluted tasteless coffee, half a cup of milk, and a load of sugar. That's not coffee - that's dirt. Speaking of Ice Capp and the timbits.... hmm, I think the most appropriate comparison is a cup of sugar and sugar balls. If you have never been to Tim Horton's (you probably aren't Canadian), do yourself a favor and go to Starbuck's or Second Cup. I do have to give them one thing - their sandwiches are pretty good, especially the bacon turkey one. Just order it with a coke or tea.~coffee... coffee coffee, milk, coffee - bacon coke tea. 
The service they gave its fast but not polite. Just fast: like saying BUY, BUY, BUY. They gave me a coffe and thats it. They did not provide me sugar, milk, anythign else. Not even TKS.~milk, 
We went for breakfast coffee & treats while visiting Montreal; I think it was their opening week. Everything was delicious and the almond croissant to die for! The owner lady (I think she's the owner) is so incredibly sweet, she let me take pictures, and even made the pastry chefs put out more pastries for the photo, so sweet & welcoming! The place is also very cozy! (actually my profile pic was taken there!) bonne chance!~coffee & almond pastries 
Who'd have thought that one day in the Point,there'd be such a place? I was in the laundromat next door, this past summer, and the delicious aroma wafting from this place certainly did NOT have me focusing on my laundry!  I decided to take a quick peek  and ask the proprietor what she was cooking, and she graciously  told me it was chorizo quiche;unfortunately, I don't eat pork. No matter; there are delicious other quiches,as well as yummy soups, sandwiches,croissants, and a small gourmet grocery section as well.She even has the famous Arhoma boulangerie deliver their bread to her establishment, so now all one has to do is place his/her order with her and the bread will be reserved. ( specialty breads in particular).Sundays are brunch days. Great to finally have a place like this in the neighbourhood.~pork. 
I got off the bus on a Tuesday to eat at this restaurant for lunch. Clean and funky decor. I had their pulled ham grilled cheese which was really yummy. It came with a beat & chorizo soup which was a little on the spicy side. It also came with a small leaf salad which tasted awfully salty. After 2 bites, I decided not to finish and told the waitress it was too salty. When at the cash to pay a woman from the kitchen said "I heard your salad was too salty. Not to make excuses but sometimes the salt sticks together in the salad. You should have told us it was too salty, I would have replaced it" (so it's my fault?). I told her it was very salty and I still had an awful salty taste in my mouth. She then decided to give me a chocolate-almond croissant to go and said "well here's a dessert for you, careful, it is very sweat" (which was quite catty thing to say on her part I thought). I do not believe I will ever return to eat there.~cheese salad salad salad. almond 
J'ai adoré la tarte à la lime! Je la recommande fortement! Il n'y a plus les pains du club Produktif, dommage!~lime! 
I really liked the place! Nice spaghetti sauce for take-out, and they have an interesting selection of wine from a private importer. I'll go back for lunchs, or for a quick grab of food for supper, for sure!~spaghetti 
Aufgrund eines überschwänglichen Presseartikels wollten wir mit 3 Personen heute das Accanto ausprobieren  und wurden bitterst enttäuscht. Letztendlich soll es wohl so eine Art italienischer Schicki  Micki  Treff sein, ein Restaurant ist es jedoch ganz sicher nicht. Oben keine Sitzplätze, nur Stehtische, unten keine vernünftigen Tische und auch keine vernünftigen Stühle, sondern unpraktischer und ungemütlicher Designerkram. Von einer Speisekarte kann man wirklich nicht sprechen, denn es gibt als Hauptgericht lediglich 3 Sorten Pasta (darunter 1 Sorte Spagetti), 1 Sorte Risotto, 1 Sorte Gnocchi und eine Art Flammkuchen, das war's dann wirklich auch schon, mehr gibt es tatsächlich nicht ! Restaurant geht schon ein weinig anders ! Dennoch hatte ich die Spagetti bestellt und obwohl es nur genau EINE Sorte Spagetti gab, hat der vollkommen überforderte Kellner 3 x nachgefragt, welche Spagetti ich eigentlich wolle. Auf neine Nachfrage, ob es noch andere Spagetti  Sorten gäbe, gab er keine Antwort. Dazu habe ich als Getränk ein kleines Wasser bestellt, was mit eigenartigen Blicken und wieder mehrfachem Nachfragen des Kellners , ob ich wirklich ein Kleines Wasser wolle kommentiert wurde, offenbar sollen dort die im Gegensatz zum Essen in Massen angebotenen Weine vorrangig an den Mann gebracht werden! Nach 10 Minuten war weder ein Getränk, noch eine ebenfalls bestellte Tomatensuppe noch irgendeines der 3 bestellten Pastagerichte da, anstelle dessen wurden 3 weitere fremde Personen an unseren Tisch gesetzt. Als die dann auch etwas bestellen wollten kam die Mitteilung, dass es 30 bis 45 Minuten dauern würde, wenn man essen wolle  WIE BITTE ? Für gerade einmal 5 einfache Pasta/Risotto  Angebote die es auf der Speisekarte gibt auch noch 45 Minuten warten ? Wir haben unsere Bestellung storniert und sind tief enttäuscht gegangen. Resümee: Wahrscheinlich gut zum Weintrinken, für alles andere jedoch vollkommen ungeeignet.~pasta ( 
Besuch am Samstag Abend - mitten in Esslingen am Rathausplatz gelegen (Parkmöglichkeiten bspw. am Marktplatz) - Restaurant über drei Stockwerke u.a. mit Gewölbekeller (dunkel, kühl), im Obergeschoss hell, im Erdgeschoss mit Bar und mehr "Betrieb" - modern und stilvoll eingerichtet - Service äußerst freundlich und zuvorkommend - Reservierung empfohlen - Vorspeise: verschiedenerlei Crostini sowie Meeresfrüchtesalat geschmacklich gut - Hauptspeise: Spaghetti Accanto, Penne Arrabiata sowie hausgemachte Nudeln mit Rinderfilet sehr gut; Nudeln hatten noch gut Biss (ist ja leider bei vielen Italienern nicht der Fall!) - Nachspeise: Panna Cotta sehr lecker; dazu Espresso bzw. Espresso Macchiato - Preis: für 3 Personen (2x Vor-, 3x Haupt-, 2x Nachspeise, 1 Flasche Weißwein, Flaschen Wasser, Espresso) ca. 110 EUR  FAZIT: Schöne Location, netter Service, gutes Essen! Empfehlenswert!~spaghetti 
I went to this Subway for lunch the other day and realized when I got to the register that I didn't have my debit card in my wallet! I didn't have any cash on me and the cashier was SO nice and understanding and let me take my sandwich and told me to come back and pay the next day.  When I came back we had a good laugh about the whole situation.  Top notch customer service right there!   They are always friendly and accurate and keep the line moving during the lunch rush.~sandwich 
Whoa. The lunch rush here is no joke!   I literally walked in to twelve people in front of me...so be  prepared to wait, but have no worries; they operate with military precision. The line moves quickly, there is no confusion or yelling and the staff does an excellent job with their customer service.   Right off the bat, I was pleased to see more than four people behind the counter go accommodate the lunch rush. And to see that each was given a specific task. There was an order taker, a meat and cheese expert, a veggies topper and a cashier. Then there was even a runner filling up the (veggie and bread) stations and getting whatever anyone needed. Clearly, I made up all these titles but you get the idea. Everyone knew their role and it worked out so well for everyone (staff and customers)....especially during a busy lunch rush.   I opted for their new $4, $5 or $6 lunch special where you get a 6 inch sub (tons of options) and drink. My sandwich was prepared correctly, plenty of fresh veggies just like I like and everyone was super nice, they made sure I had everything I needed before I left...including my cookies. Now, they didn't have the raspberry cheesecake, but substituting chocolate chip was just as good.   I will definitely return to this Subway. Since it's such a fast, friendly and a healthy option.~cheese sandwich cookies. 
I come to this store when I'm looking for something moderately healthy for lunch... lol  I mean, if you don't count the sodium of prepared meats, but whatever... You know what I'm saying...  The prep area is always clean, the staff remembers me even if it's been a while since I've been in and as I posted in my Yorkmont BP review, you can forgo the expensive chips and drink to make it a combo and go right into the gas station next door... That might be my favorite part... lol My order is always correct and they don't douse the sandwich with too much oil and vinegar, either... Great job with condiment application...  I like this store, but I only head to this location sometimes since it's not always on the way to anywhere I'm headed, if I'm out and about...~chips sandwich 
All Subways are the same, right? Incorrect. Factors like customer service, cleanliness, and FRESHNESS make all the difference with this Subway!  Lastly, let's not forget spinach. I will not eat at a Subway if I'm stuck with iceberg lettuce!~spinach. iceberg lettuce! 
Grenadier Pond borders High Park to the east, and the village of Swansea to the west. There are a variety of activities you can participate it throughout the year, depending on the season.  It's a great spot any time of year for taking photographs. You'll find swans building nest in the spring time, and kids skating on the ice in the winter. And speaking of, you'll find a make-shift hockey surf cleared away on the frozen ice in the winter and usually skating paths all around the pond. In the summer, you'll see people fishing all over the place.  Along the Queensway, you'll find a few benches that sit at the edge of the pond, which are great for relaxing as you take in the scenery. You can continue into High Park, and walk along the edge of the pond all the way up. During winter months, or very early mornings, you won't find many people around, and it can really feel like you're away hiking.  During the warmer months, the area around the pond can get quite busy, starting with the cherry blossom trees blooming in the spring. This of course brings a ton of garbage, although people tend to be more respectful than they are when they're downtown (when it comes to throwing away their trash properly).  Grenadier Pond is one of the best reasons to live in Swansea.~cherry 
I was surprised ! The food is very tasty. We tool a combination plate (beef , shrimp, rice, salad and spring roll) to be honest i liked everything. I cannot comment alit on service, the restaurant wasn't busy when we arrived  but was full before we left, the waitress was always smiling and very helpful, food came fast and vey well presented.  (Not the top in his style of food but definitely not like those all you can eat buffet or fast food Chinese). I  don't know how diverse is their regular menu , buy from my experience i would definitely recommend it.~beef , shrimp, salad 
The GOODYEAR Rosati's has always been very good to us!  I think their menu has changed over the past 6 years or so, but the pizza remains outstanding!  We normally went for the thin crust combo - very basic, very excellent crust!  The toppings are so good that it doesn't need a ton of crust to make up for it.  I have yet to try their deep dish or Chicago style pie but it's on the list of "to try" items.  I'm working in the middle of Phoenix right now, so I'll be trying the location close to the airport.  But when we lived in Goodyear, Rosati's was as good as it gets!  Memorable enough that I always get a pizza from here when I get the chance to stop by Goodyear for old times' sake!  **UPDATE** I have since had their deep dish Chicago pie twice and it is unbelievable - count yourself lucky, Phoenix, to have access to this type of pizza in your area - it's a rare treat!~pizza pie pizza pie pizza 
This Rosati's pizza lacked the quality I've had at other Rosati's pizza. They overcooked it and it had a slightly charred flavor to it, both times I went to this place. The customer service was poor both times because I felt rushed and the employees did not care to help me and seemed like they would rather be someplace else. I'm not saying all Rosati's are bad because I also frequent the Rosati's at 28th and Thunderbird, and it is fantastic compared to this one (Both in customer service and food).~pizza pizza 
I have some friends that live in the Phoenix area that I visit every year.  They brought this for take out and personally, I think it's the best pizza.  I realize everyone has their own tastes but for me this does it.  Great taste.  Thick pieces.  Fantastic.~pizza 
Too bad Rosatti's has jacked up their prices... I just cancelled the order to go with NYPD as even before coupon they are a much better value and NYPD is a superior pizza!~pizza 
I spoke to Shannon on Feb 28th to schedule a session for my -then- 8 month old son.  I told her I was unavailable March18th- 26th (which happened to be the coldest/rainiest days) and I wanted photos before he turned 9 months. We talked about doing both indoor and outdoor as I wanted to show off his baby rolls and also see him dressed outdoors.  He's never had prof photos dones so I wanted a full range. She said her schedule was "wide open and we shouId wait for a weather appropriate day in the next couple weeks" (her exact words). That is, early March.  I emailed her on Mar 2nd to coordinate. I watched the weather everyday and appropriate days passed. I figured she'd email me!?  On Mar 13th she surprises me to say she was in FL until the 26th and was available late March. Though later she admitted being in Charlotte on the 15th?!  That's a big chunk of unavailable time she never mentioned!!!!  On March 15th we scheduled a session for Wed the 27th (baby's 9 month b-day). I was leery as her replies were delayed and I didn't hear from her to confirm our appointment.  Mar 13th her email begins "I apologize for my delayed response" to my Mar 2nd email Mar 19th her email begins "Hi Tricia! Sorry for my delay...in FL!" to my Mar 13th email.  The morning of the appt. I receive an email saying her husband was called unexpectedly out of town for business and her baby sitter fell through.  Not much notice... especially since I prepared on my side. New date Sat the 30th.  Then my son caught a cold and I sent the following email Fri the 29th:  "I wish we had done the photo session during the first couple weeks of March (before my Dad arrived) like we initially discussed over the phone.  I had no idea you were going out of town during that time. Now, baby boy has a cold and his nose is running.  Not an attractive look for professional photos. Perhaps, it will clear up by tomorrow morning - I will let you you.  I have needed to get his photos done and it's been put off for too long now. - Tricia"  At least I showed some respect for her time.  Her fastest reply ever.... "You seem quite unhappy at this point and I feel you would be more comfortable if you hired another photographer."  I asked her to reconsider (against my better judgment) - after waiting all this time I dreaded having to start all over!  Didn't hear back so I want to forewarn potential clients.  A true professional would have said, "Don't worry! We'll get it done ASAP and it will be fabulous!"  Shannon told me "I do photography for the love of it, not the money so when I come across a client who isn't happy even before the session...we part ways."   If this is only a hobby, she shouldn't call it a business and stick to photographing family and friends.  I was misled. She doesn't want or care about the work.  I waited a month for nothing. And that's like a year in infant time.~date 
Rachel is my stylist and I'll never go to anyone else. She always takes the time to listen to my ideas and concerns - I never feel rushed. There is always nice conversation and never any awkward silence. I always feel relaxed when I'm here. When you walk in, they greet you and take your coat. You are also offered a drink (water, coffee, tea). They genuinely seek to please their clients and those small touches don't go unnoticed.   One of my favorite touches is the complementary hand massage with any color service. You also get a head/neck/shoulder massage after your shampoo. This salon-spa cares about each and every one of their clients and it shows. The girls are all so friendly yet professional. I am definitely a lifelong client.~coffee, tea) 
Ah, the Roo. I've recently found myself here more frequently on Saturday nights. Pretty diverse crowd for McKeesport/White Oak. The people watching is worth the trip!! Bartenders are always nice, and always ready to refill or help you with the menu.  Personally, I'm into wings right now. Theirs are always crispy and the sauces are spot on. They have a Buffalo Chicken dip they serve with soft pita, and it's really good. I could just eat the pita that they coat in parmesan, it's that good!!  They frequently have live entertainment, bands and DJ's. Recently, they added a VIP area that you can get into for an additional cover charge.~chicken 
So I have been coming here since I started my job near by. This is definitely a local bar where townees do come in and get their drinks and food. I have never felt out of place. The bartenders tend to their customers very well. The location of the bar is not in the best of parts. Their road is full of pot holes so please be careful of those.   The Food is great. I love their fries and their Roo Chicken sandwich. They have a great menu and great wings. Each day they have a special on their food and drinks. I really like this bar because every Thursday they have a DJ present and great dirnk specials. i would come to this bar if you just want to get out the house for a  little bit. By all means, do not dress up to this bar. This is come in your jeans and a shirt and you will be fine. I have brought a few of my friends here and they do like it. It is not the FIRST choice on the list, but if we want to go drink and have good food and not have to worry about spending a lot of money... We know we can go there.~fries chicken sandwich. 
Teri W. was right on the money when she started her review with a big SIGH.  I kinda feel that way too, but I have to give the Country Fresh Farmers Market three stars because many of the products really are very high-quality.  I have bought some interesting things here, including a homemade piggy bank.  I have no use at all for a homemade piggy bank, but it was so cute.  The produce IS horrendously overpriced, but it's usually very fresh and juicy so I get sucked in anyway.  The corn was the worst of it last week... 75 cents an ear is highway robbery.  I never end up spending as much as I plan because I get a little ticked off that the prices don't match what I expect from a farmers market.  I know it's getting to be a useless soapbox at this point, but anywhere else in the country, the prices would be a lot more fair.  I guess i just can't get used to the mark-up here.  Maybe I should lower my expectations a bit.  I'm glad this farmers market is here.  It could be better with more vendors and more reasonable prices.  Three stars for effort, location, quality of produce, and the fact that they will give you a discount if you come later in the day.~corn 
SIGH.  It has so much potential, but just doesn't live up to my expectations.  There is plenty of space, but there doesn't usually end up with enough vendors.  I love supporting local artists/farmers/etc, but a lot of the produce and stuff is REALLY overpriced.  The day that I went there were 2 produce stands, and one of them was selling stalks of corn for $.75 EACH.  Are you kidding me?  I went to college in Iowa and you could buy locally grown, fresh corn 10 for $1.00!!!  As I said, I love supporting local businesses, but that is a bit outrageous.  The other produce stand had better prices, and I ended up buying a dozen eggs and some plucots (plum/apricot mix??).  I also bought some locally grown honey, which is really good.  I really wish more local business/farmers would get on board with this farmer's market, as I think it's a great location and could be really fantastic.~corn corn honey, 
Every Thursday, the Henderson Events Plaza on Water Street plays host to this market.  I wouldn't say that there are many farmers present, though.  Since I work right across the street, my co-workers and I usually walk over on a break to buy some goodies.  There is one fruit/vegetable stand that represents the farmer and there is always an array of beautiful produce available, as well as free samples.  The strawberries are huge these days and you can get a complimentary taste.   Other stands offer raw honey, artisan breads, hummus and salsas, and bakery items.  There are also quite a few craft vendors selling home decor like wooden piggy banks, vintage wall posters, salt/pepper shaker sets, soaps, etc.  And, it wouldn't be a farmers market in the Vegas Valley without the hot dog guy, the kettle korn guy, or the guy who sells something called a Tacizza (a taco and pizza concoction--I'm not brave enough to try it).  It may not be the best market around, but it's better than nothing here in Hendertucky.  At least I know I can get some fresh and juicy tangelos on Thursdays!~honey, hot dog taco pizza 
This place is gayer than a box of birds.  No, really, everyone in this place is denying themselves the reality of their sexual ardor; from the c*ckhungry bouncers whose cheap Express suits are actually managing to drape their puny frames like a weakling gang of pin-striped Ciceros; to the hypersexulized female bartenders, who lend their primary attention to the fraction of the clientele NOT ordering drinks (erm, the women who are looking for men to buy their Strawberry-Guava-Valtrex Mojito).  The bar itself is sorta cool.  There is a long L-shaped bar and a decent prom-style dance floor, that puts the d*ckheads dancing on parade for your entertainment.  But, then there's that damn 90's inspired decor that f'ing Scottsdale can't seem to get over.  Freaking couches in the bar, man.  Are we supposed to feel important because we're sitting on a g'damn suede sofa drinking a mid-range scotch?  Overall, everything but the booze here sucks.  The f-faces out front actually made me and the wolfpack group of 4 dudes actually wait in an invisible line outside of the door for at least 20 minutes so that they 1) could teach us a lesson that 4 dudes should not be rolling solo to Scottsdale clubs (they were right, but we were meeting the rest of the group inside, which included females) 2) give the impression that their club was worth a shite (they were wrong) 3) compensate for years of penis torment with this new-found power while making $8 an hour plus whatever crappy tips the bartenders decide to admit to them that they made that night.  Fucking avoid this place if you know what's good for you.~guava- 
I felt a SERIOUS urge to shake it and Dirty Pretty was up to the challenge. It was Dirty. It was Pretty. But I wouldn't call it a "Rockbar" in a million years.   The music started out pretty good. Top 40 dance music mixed in with a little something different every 3 or 4 songs. Only complaint about the DJ is that he was super ADD and only played like 20 seconds of a song and then changed it. Take your Adderall man and play the *entire* Single Ladies song so I can dance with my girlfriends!  I like the atmosphere but the dance floor was pretty small. The crowd was a good mix and drinks were reasonably priced. Best part was that I met some pretty interesting characters including Nostrovia Russia Free Shot Dude, the Tallest Man in the World, and capped it off with Mr. White Man Can't Dance. Ah, the memories.  Does it seem weird that I *really* loved the bathroom? The sign on the door of the "ladies" room said Sexy Bitches (see photo) and the best part is that there was not one, but TWO towel valets for a 3 stall bathroom. Really folks? I can tear off my own paper towel, but thanks. The valets were very sweet though considering what they probably have to deal with in a typical evening.   So yeah, this place was pretty great for a no pressure night out to dance.~white 
This place is everything that sucks about Scottsdale and more. However... lord help me, I had a good time (even though I couldn't leave fast enough). We got there before 11 on a Friday which is apparently early enough because there was no line to wait in and no cover to pay. The place was relatively empty and we were able to order drinks right away.  The service was good and everyone was sweet to us. Everyone in the place was young, well dressed and attractive. It didn't quite seem as douchey as I've been lead to believe. It just seemed like a bunch of young people having a good time. I expected to see more Affliction shirts than I did, but there were some.   A large group showed up wearing golfing attire - this is apparently some new college thing that I'm too old to know about. They seemed to be having a blast dancing like fools. I honestly felt like the place wasn't trying quite as hard as other places in the area... there was just something a little genuine about it that set it apart.   The drinks were expensive, the music was loud, the place was dark, and there was a VIP area. If you're a hot girl and you want to get dressed up and go dancing - you could do worse than here. If you're a young guy and you want to dance with some hot girls, you could also do worse.   It's totally not my kind of place, but I can't see a reason to say it's a fucking horrible experience. I mean, if what they're peddling is what you are looking for - this place is great.   I hate it and I probably won't be back. It deserves 4 stars though for being only mildly pretentious and for providing a solid place where people can apparently have a good time. I'm giving this 4 stars, but I had trouble deciding between that and 2 stars. I may revise this review at a later date.~date. 
I am a health nut, but like every health nut does, u have a blueberry muffin craving. I got in early this morning and they don't have the best looking pastries BUT once I got my muffin, it was by FAR the best blueberry muffin I have EVER had! but get one while you can, I went back later and they go quick!~pastries 
Well, the staff is really nice and friendly. The muffins are moist. The coffee is hot and the iced tea is iced and brewed to perfection. I really like the cafe as a whole. My only complaint is with the prices. I know it's a little expensive because its on campus. But does an iced tea and a muffin really need to $7? Overall though, great place to get a bite and hang out.~coffee tea tea 
what can i say about a place like charlie's?   if you don't go to asu, there's no reason you would ever come here unless you were  visiting someone. actually, scratch that, you probably wouldn't ever come here unless you're a design student.  located on the second floor of design north, charlie's is the go-to break spot for students when they need a coffee fix.  during the school year, i come here daily (sometimes twice daily, depending on how many hours i've been in the building) and they always take care of my coffee needs.    the employees are super friendly and they make a great cup of coffee. they're always playing good music and they even do coffee art. cute!   they also carry bagels, sandwiches, pastries, naked juices, and bottled water if you're interested in that.  down the hall there's three vending machines that carry soda and snacks if you need a sugar fix.   oh and at 3pm they have happy hour (half off all drinks with espresso).~coffee coffee coffee. coffee pastries, 
I'm a Hawaii resident that spent one week in Vegas at the Imperial Palace. Since I broke my wrist right before this trip, I was unable to blow out my hair and if you know me, I spend quite a few $$$ to upkeep my hair. For $40-$45 for shampoo and blow out, I decided to give the Salon at the IP a try; after all, other hotels like the Palms where going to charge me $75 for the same services. Marissa Medoro, Deborah Stephens and Nancy were AWESOME! This is truly a diamond in the rough. I was so happy with their service and the reasonable cost, I went 4-5 times for a wash and blow out and I even used their make-up application service or a special night on the town. A entire week in Sin City with frizzy, curly hair would have made me one unhappy gal, but these ladies made my stay in LV and the IP a very great one. Very talented professionals. Definitely see Marissa for a GREAT blow out and "Kim Kardashian" night out on the town fab makeup look.~curly 
5 stars for freshly cooked to order food, healthy options and low prices. The chicken is much better than the beef and I love that they include fresh fruit with the plate. My only gripes are that I asked for brown rice and they gave me white rice and the veggies arn't as plentiful as the description makes you think. *Update, I just realized I ordered the plate without veggies instead of the Works plate which does include lots of veggies.* Other than that Chix has very good service and they accept coupons you can find online from the My Sundevil Handbook or whatever. I would come back to Chix and order just a couple of sides of chicken instead of ordering a plate next time.~chicken beef brown white chicken 
Chix Char Broiled Grill is what made me what to get on yelp. Why, you may ask? Because I think the establishment should be rewarded for its exceptional value. The meat, rice, and vegetables are all delicious, high quality, and healthy. Not to mention one only has to wait just a few minutes for the food. Anyone who would choose eating at the Memorial Union over this place, unless of course you only have a minute before class, needs to take ECON 101 over again! For five bucks you are in and out (not to be confused with the burger joint), having just eaten a healthy, satisfying meal.  Check it out - I promise that you'll love it!~burger 
I discovered this place while Yelping and I'm glad I did. They don't serve junk food like the fast food chains. The food is delicious and convenient. Their bowls are the perfect size and not pricey at all (even better for students). You can get bowls or plates with chicken, rib eye, pork you name it!   Ever heard of food pong? Try it out. Maybe you'll get a bowl for free! How awesome is that? Don't forget to get a punch card at the register. Buy nine bowls and get the tenth bowl on the house!~chicken, pork 
I'm a big fan of Chix.  A healthy option for lunch and only $5 if you're an ASU student.  I prefer the white meat and brown rice, but that adds $1.50 to the tab, so I only get it every so often.  The mixture of the two sauces available with the meat and rice is an awesome concoction.  Definitely a good place to go!~white brown 
From the looks of the place, you probably wouldn't have high expectations.  They have a very limited menu: rice (white and brown), veggies, beef, and chicken.  That's about it.  But, of what they do have, I will say: good flavor, good quality, cooked well and very reasonably priced.  "The Works" plate I ordered was only $6.50 and it was huge.  The beef was rib-eye (one of the tastiest cuts of meat in my opinion) and it, along with the chicken, were perfectly grilled.  Not undercooked, not overcooked, tender and moist.  Also, I was impressed by the fact that they offered both white and brown rice.  Comparable places only offer white rice.  Sometimes, its those little things that make a difference.    If you liked Mai Island Grill, but not the price, the crowd, the line, or their hours, then you will most likely like Chix.  Personally, if Chix added a tasty mac salad, I would say it would serve as a suitable replacement for Mai Island.~white brown) beef, chicken. beef chicken, white brown white salad, 
I can describe this place in four words: simple, healthy, delicious, and inexpensive!  I love this place. I'll start with the simple part. You can either order plates or bowls. The plates are the same as the bowls, but plus a side of salad and the fresh local fruit they have that day. As for the structure of the bowls, you can get some combination of meat, vegetables, and rice. For rice, you can choose between white and brown. The vegetables are just an assortment of the standard vegetables. The meat is either chicken or ribeye meat.  On to the healthy part: The rice is always steamed, never any oil, etc. added into anything! No trans fats in any of their dishes! The meat is charbroiled, in order to maintain the oil-free thing. The skin is removed from all of the chicken to reduce the fat content. This is probably the healthiest option for food anywhere near ASU.  Delicious: The sauce that they have is great. I would say it's some kind of modification of a teriyaki sauce, and you can tell a lot of effort went into that sauce. They only have the one sauce, but it is a great one. They have a cajun-hot sauce on the side, also, in case you want to add a little heat, which I usually do.   Inexpensive: The bowls are around $5.00. They don't look that big, but because they are so healthy, they will fill you up.   The first week I tried this place, I went back 3 times (3 days in a row). I cannot get enough of this place and I will be back soon.~salad white brown. chicken chicken 
My first visit to Chix I tried the works bowl with brown rice. The chicken was sweet and juicy while the beef was tender and flavorful. Drizzle on some the the Chix house sauce, and you have a meal that satisfies without leaving you stuffed at the end. My only complaint would be the anemic vegetables (bok choi, broccoli, and carrots) that came with the bowl.   A satisfying meal near ASU for under $6. I'm in.~brown chicken beef broccoli, 
I was craving some charbroiled chicken with rice and decided to try this place out. I had "the works" bowl because I wanted chicken but upon arrival the beef was tempting me. This way I can have both.  I felt that the food was just alright. The meat was cooked well but the flavor was lacking. They had some louisiana hot sauce on the counter with the pump style dispenser for those who want to add a little spice. It added some flavor to the meat but I felt Sriracha would've gone better with it.   Portions were good. Price was very reasonable. The guy at the counter was friendly and patient with me while I was deciding. I would say it's decent food but wouldn't make any special trips for it.~chicken chicken beef 
In short: Amazing fresh food, at a good price, and awesome customer service to boot.  I went here by accident but probably the best accident ever, if there is such a thing.  It's unassuming and simple, even the menu isn't elaborated, I think 10 items total.  It looks like just another chicken bowl place, wrong!!! It's anything but that, the food was amazing.  They use really fresh ingredients, seasoning is perfect.  You don't get the cardboard chicken doused with teriyaki sauce like other places.  Texture and doneness of the meat was perfect. I tried the combination plate which had rib eye beef , chicken, lots of vegetables, a slaw style salad and half an orange.  The portions are huge and filling, and  the prices are great too, and I love their emphasis on good healthy food.  This is great place for a fast lunch or a good healthy meal.~chicken chicken beef , chicken, salad 
Fresh chicken or beef bowls at a super cheap prices, but keep in mind you get what you pay for.   I have to admit I was a bit disappointed with my overall experience.  When I ordered the chicken veggie bowl and asked for no rice I was expecting more vegetables, not a hidden pile of cabbage. I had actually asked for a plate, but got a bowl, either way the bowl was good, the veggies were crisp and you  can customize your sauces.  Don't use the bathroom and don't expect a clean interior.  3 stars is generous, but if I was low on cash I would go back.~chicken beef chicken cabbage. 
Excellent coffee.  Great lunch options.  High quality ingredients.  Fantastic service.    This local coffee shop is the type of place I like to support.~coffee. coffee 
Excellent coffee. EVP is my favorite in the Madison area! This new location has an expansive sitting area, a small children's play area with a chalkboard, free Wifi, and free parking. It is next door to the Little Gym and across the street from the new Fitchburg library, opening summer 2011.~coffee. 
This is a wonderful coffee shop with a warm, open vibe and a great play area for children.  It is a great spot for lunch as they serve soup and sandwiches as well.  Check it out!~coffee 
Went here on a Saturday morning after hearing about this place from the family that I am staying with this summer. Here are my thoughts:  Parking- Street parking available right outside Decor- Nice place, there are some comfy couches and ample tables and chairs available. There is also a large fireplace inside.  Service: All of the folks at EVP coffee that I interacted with were caring and friendly! Coffee- I got the bottomless brew for $2.75. Unlimited coffee, and self serve. I tried 4 different kinds of coffee brews, a fruity organic ethiopian, a nicaraguan french roast, an italian dark roast, and one other which I forgot. All were pretty good! Food- I tried the Chipotel chicken sandwich, served with Stella's spicy jalapaneo cheese bread. It was pretty tasty!  Overall, this is a nice place to get some work done and enjoy some good, local coffee.~coffee coffee, coffee chicken sandwich, cheese bread. coffee. 
Wow, a place where you really feel welcome.  A new friend of mine introduced me to the Fitchburg EVP coffee shop this summer.  I love the friendly service.  Paul is the owner and is there most of the time when I stop in.  He is always very personable and just the kind of positive energy that I love to be around.  The physical space is nice, clean, and inviting.  Interesting art on display.  The patio is a nice option as well.  Paul is very good at supporting local in his business.  This coffee shop is conveniently located just off of Fish Hatchery Rd. by the new "green" library.  You must check it out! Lori Carlson, Oregon~coffee coffee 
Awesome.  Excellent.  Their Kenyan coffee is one of the best coffees I've ever had.  Plus they have cute little plants everywhere, so who doesn't like that?  I was visiting someone in the area and discovered EVP.  Over a week I went here quite a few times and found the staff to be consistently really friendly and very helpful.  Their coffee is good and their food is good.  I've had espresso drinks, which were perfectly made, some of the food, and some of their medium roast coffees.  The only negative thing I have to say is that some of their pastries aren't the greatest, but as far as I can tell those are ordered in from somewhere else.  Their stuff made in house is fabulous.  Also, don't go here and order regular coffee if you're in a hurry on a Saturday, or even a late morning.  A few times I went, they had run out of coffee and I had to wait for new batches to be brewed.  I didn't mind at all, but if you're in a rush, this could be a problem.  Overall, I don't think that these two negative aspects impact EVP's overall awesomeness.  And for the love of god, order the pelmeni!  It's unique and really delicious.~coffee coffee pastries coffee coffee 
Good coffee, good food, good service! A very nice place with a pleasant patio, the staff is always friendly and they have a nice grab-a-cup/throw-money-in-the-box kind of deal in the mornings, genius!~coffee, 
I need to stop in more.  I am usually in a rush and forget these folks are here, they're set back a little ways off Fish Hatchery road but, definitely worth the stop in.  Great coffee, convenient street parking right in front, and a really nice atmosphere.  Owners are quite friendly - support your local businesses!~coffee, 
I have seen establishments come and go here in this neighborhood, but I know that EVP is here to stay!    Their coffee is great, their staff is friendly & fun, and their food is fabulous for a simple soup, sandwich, & dumpling offering.  They get busy over lunch, but the California BLT is worth the wait.  I could eat that sandwich every day!~coffee sandwich, sandwich 
Fun atmosphere and excellent coffee. The cheese danish is not to be missed! I can pretty much guarantee a mediocre day if I don't stop here in the morning :)~coffee. cheese 
This place is phemominal! First of all, it is a coffee shop that serves food over lunch hours. The coffee is decent but it's really the food and the service that make this place shine.  All the sandwhiches on the menu are delicious and made with Boar Head's meat. The real gem are the Russian Dumplings called Pelmeni. These are meat and potato dumplings with melted butter, cilantro, curry powder, and spicy sauce, eaten with sour cream on the side. If you never had them, you are missing out! I probably go here at least once a week for the dumplings. Call ahead to see if they have them because they are so popular, sometimes they run out mid-week. All the ingredients are also local.  The owners are great and I love supporting this local buisness! They also have free wifi and a children's play area. This place is worth the stop in.~coffee coffee potato butter, cilantro, sour cream 
Their version of a Cappuccino is a latte with some airy foam on top. Low selection of pastries. OK ambiance, but usually busy and difficult to find a place to sit. Wi-Fi available, but slow and unreliable...~pastries. 
I've been going here for awhile, since it's very close to work for me.  And I've loved it always.  They recently added sandwiches, soups and pelmeni around the lunch hour.  The sandwiches are clearly made with high-quality ingredients--I love the good, fresh bread.  The creamy tomato basil is incredible. Last time I was there, a woman actually bought a giant tub of it.  So I'm not the only one in love with that soup.  I tried the pelmeni dumplings for the first time on Friday, and devoured them.  In addition to wonderful coffee and food, the ambiance is really great and the staff are really kind and personable, especially the owner, Paul.  I love sitting out on their patio and sipping iced tea.~tomato coffee tea. 
Recently discovered this place.  Really great experience. Nice interior, interesting design.  Plenty of space.  Some nice big tables for a group of 6 and some cozy small spaces to sit back and browse the net or read a paper or good book.  Pleasant staff, patient, friendly. Very clean including the bathrooms.  Great coffee and great food.~coffee 
I tried this place because it is conveniently located on East Washington.  As this was my first visit, I was a little intimidated. I ordered a simple Cafe Mocha with skim milk. I immediately regretted my choice as I was able to peek and see over twenty bottles of syrup.   They were covered with clutter and I couldn't even tell what kind of syrup was being offered. If you are not going to show them to the customer, at least make a list and put it somewhere.  The coffee was good and the prices were great. Honestly, I was really impressed with it. I would definitely go back.~milk. coffee 
Paul is great, knows a lot of his customers, great coffee selection.  Lunch was tasty, but I really only stop there in the morning.  Local yogurt in the case and pastries made in town...Bear Claw is outstanding.~coffee pastries 
EVP is an awesome coffee/lunch shop and unlike a lot of places, manages to get them both right. Their coffee is great, regardless of whether you're after a frou-frou drink or just a cup of fresh brewed, and I second the review that recommends their Pelmeni. Seriously- this is the best winter lunch ever. Soft, pillowy dough filled with potatoes or meat (or half of each), covered in butter, curry, hot sauce and/or sour cream.   In warmer months, there's outdoor seating on their terrace, making it a great location for a weekday lunch and since it's generally shaded, you don't have to worry about going back to work sweaty.~coffee butter, sour cream. 
Although new on the scene in Fitchburg, EVP has established its self as the place to go for coffee in the area. They offer a great selection of freshly brewed coffee from around the world,which they roast in Madison at their East Washington location. These include such offerings as Colombian,Nicaraguan,Honduran,Costa Rican,Panamanian,Mexican,Peruvian,El Salvadorian,Brazilian,Ugandan,Ethiopian,Kenyan,Tanzanian AA, and Peaberry,East Timor,Sulawesi,New Guinea,Sumatran, Java, and a variety of decaf also. The Lattes here are always great, and it really seems like the barista/manager, Paul truly cares about giving you sa good drink for your hard earned cash. At $4.00 for a twenty oucne whole milk latte, its a great value. They use Girhadelli*(sp?) chocolate in their mochas, which are also awesome, and only $4.50 even for a twenty ounce. Thgey carry a full line of Rishi teas,greens,blacks,herbal,caf free, hot or iced,just specify. This is a really nice spot, and a great place to go relax in front of the fireplace in wintertime. Very quiet,very chill, very good quiet music, an overall 10. Good job Fitchburg for getting this place,lets hope you support it enough to keep it. :-) Also, it has free Wi-Fi,good pastries from La Brioche delevired daily, and homemade soups which are all vegetarian, and good. Soup is $4.00 and served with a big hunk of fesh sourdough bread. You can have it either there or to go. They also offer a bottomless cup of fresh brewed coffee for 2.75, and you can even leave and then come back later for another refill. If you bring your own mug/cup, you save $0.25 cents on any drink too,any day, all the time. Great deal for someone with some work to do on the laptop. Suck down the best coffee in Wisconsin for 6 hours, for only $2.75?!~coffee coffee milk greens, pastries coffee coffee 
I love this location. Coffee is always perfect. The owner and staff are wonderful and the food is so delicious. Awesome soups!~coffee 
This place is a well-kept secret. They have excellent coffees along with pastries and a wide sandwich selection. I have had the California BLT and really enjoyed it. Must be the avocado. I'll post a pic. The owners are very friendly and accommodating to whatever you would like. Visit sometime when you're not in a hurry. It's a quiet place with a homey atmosphere and free Wi-Fi. We always stop by when we are in Fitchburg.~pastries sandwich avocado. 
Good consistent coffee. Better than Starbucks.  I love the Fitchburg location for space, ambiance, and service the best. Outdoor seating in the summer time.   The E. Wash EVP is a convenient location but I can think of some nicer places to hang out.~coffee. 
George Bowman Butchers! A small yet excellent butchers with a fantastic range of steaks, scotch pies and even some prepared meals. The staff are great and ready to help with any questions. It really is a very high quality butchers - Leith's best.~steaks, 
Great butcher! Very knowledgeable and helpful staff and the steaks and pies we bought were excellent. Every mouthful was superb!~steaks 
This is one of these rare finds, A traditional butcher selling excellent quality meat at a very reasonable price. Tasty chicken fillets (with no added water), lovely steak mince and pork loin. The Steak looked very appealing and well hung, will be trying this at the weekend. Word of warning they are Cash Only so make sure you take enough as you'll want to stock up!~chicken steak pork steak 
Took my girlfriends 6 year old daughter here for a manicure and pedicure. The experience was awesome! This Salon is tailored to pamper kids and make little girls feel like princesses.  Set me back 45 Bucks for a manicure and pedicure. Well worth every penny. The staff does a great job working with kids. As you can imagine giving a six year old a manicure and pedicure can be quite difficult if your child can't sit still. My girlfriends daughter messed up her toes twice and Eushika repainted them free of charge both times. There is an ice cream theme hence the name scooops and every kid gets ice cream with their service. Well done!~ice cream ice cream 
Went in for a mom and me pedicure expecting and experience to parallel that of a regular salon or even a nail shop in the mall. For the price, the experience should be similar, if not better.  Here was my experience. Moms, your big  massage spa chair with jets in the water has been replaced by a warm bowl of water. There will be no buffing of calluses or cuticle repair. There will be strawberry/vanilla/chocolate scented exfoliating scrub. The nail polish is so cheap that you can see through it. On the bright side, you get to take a small bottle home. Your normal pedicure that you pay $45 that takes a hour will be replaced by a 15 min nail polish change that still costs $45. You will receive a small scoop of ice cream. However, when mine was served, it was completely melted. The nail lady apologized and said she was sorry it was so melted.I joked and asked for a straw. She didn't offer to replace it. I still haven't figured out why you would even serve melted ice cream.  Everyone wears pick robes, but the place is hot and my daughter complained that it was too warm to wear it.  If you're willing to pay extraordinary prices for a terrible polish change with a tierra, go here. If you'd like a real pedicure, so to the place in Hilldale. It's less expensive and a better experience. Scooops couldn't even give my daughter the flower on her big toenail that she requested.~ice cream. ice cream. 
The staff was washing each others' hair during our appt. Although our tech was kind and sweet, the rest of them were completely unprofessional. I think the chipping of the polish can be attributed to the inferior quality of the products used. I can't believe I paid over 40$ for the two of us. The ice cream is not a scoop in a cone, but a little cup with the paper lid pulled off. Too bad, it's a nice concept, but very poorly executed, especially for a place like Hilldale.~ice cream 
Nova Era Bakery O Cantinho Bakery Vannis Ristorante Ellington's Music Cafe Mi Tierra Restaurant Banh Cuon Thanh Truc  El- Tipico Ecuatoriano Royal Paan Rexdale  Royal Paan Rexdale is our LAST stop for our November Food Crawl!  Royal Paan is in an area I hardly frequent.. especially at night! GPS took me to this strip plaza, the only one in the intersection that were packed with parked car. Smell of spices and curries so thick in the air....  I just cannot eat anymore...... KO for the night but then I saw a DVD store.. My Yelp Friend last stop is for me to look at  Bollywood DVDs? What were all these men doing lining up for what?  Paan is a tradition practice of chewing betel leafs with areca nut and slaked lime paste. Paan is claimed to be chewed as a palate cleanser, a breath freshener, and for digestive purposes.* That's sounded like a perfect ending to our Food Crawl....  But chewing leafs was the last thing I had in my mind when I saw all the pictures of Lassi and Falooda......  Royal Falooda ($3.49)  - Falooda is an adaptation of the non-liquid Persian dessert Faloodeh - a hint of rose syrup with vermicelli and jello and ice cream sprinkled with grounded pistachio - drinking this liquid dessert through a jumbo straw remind me of Vietnamese iced drink experience!  Royal Lassi ($2.99) - taste similar to the Royal Falooda but it just a yogurty drink with Rosewater syrup... - I told my Yelp Friend drink up that's good for him!   What a "Royal" Ending for our November Crawl!   Until the NEXT one!!   * from Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paan~lime lassi ice cream lassi ( 
Don't expect to be in and out of The Paper Place with any great speed. You WILL get lost exploring the countless gift items, journals, greeting cards, and gift wraps.  There is a selection of rubber stamps, seals, scrapbooking items, photo albums, calendars, origami supplies, funky file folders and other office supplies. This is the place to go to find a gift for that crafty friend, the correspondent, the reader, or the self-reflector.  If you're throwing a party, you can find (or make!) the invites, thank you cards, cupcake liners and toppers, and gift bags here. As another reviewer suggested, I also have a couple of framed papers acting as art at home... very inexpensive to change when you're feeling like mixing it up! Staff are friendly and helpful, and the store is bright and inviting.~wraps. 
This store has a great selection, and a good variety of supplies. That being said, I think some of the employees are either a little green or just lack the knowledge necessary to fully inform their customers.  I placed a paper order with them after their recommendation to buy larger pieces and then cut them down to the proper size (I had to buy all the tools  necessary for cutting as well). They informed me of the shipping costs and estimated delivery date; I agreed, but was hesitant because it seemed like it wasn't the most optimal choice.   Upon leaving the store, I visited the website of the paper company they ordered from. Not only can I order custom-cut pieces (at an extra cost of $3!!!), but the delivery (directly to my house) costs less, and is delivered in half the time.   When the order came in, I brought the cutting supplies with me and returned them. I explained my (completely justified) frustration with the associate working that day. She said she "didn't know why" the lady I originally spoke with didn't recommend a custom order and said I should speak with her. That didn't fly with me and I said I wanted my money back for the paper. She spoke with the manager who refused to come out and speak to me face-to-face and without apology, gave me a refund. When I said "thank you," all she said was "umm, hmm..." and began to help the next in line.   Nice. Chances of me stopping by this store again are extremely thin, to say the least. I was clearly upset, but never rude to them. It was a mistake on their part that I wanted corrected. Since they ended up correcting their mistake, but showed no apologetic behaviour: 2 stars.~date; 
This place has a very good reputation, as evidenced by the 5 star reviews from Kay L and Ann M.  It's very popular with locals, and is regularly busy, and we found it so on our visit. Dishes were accurate and tasty, but they weren't particularly outstanding. Their risotto lacked moisture, for me, and the pasta was good but not great. It's a very cute little place, though, and the service is very good, so it's worth a visit.  Overall, we said: "La Bruschetta was a very decent local Italian. I understand why it attracts its loyal following. They have a sound and commendable commitment to serving fresh, local ingredients, but it would be lovely to see more innovation in their dishes, to raise things above "solid and reliable". For now, yes go and visit, but I'm not sure you'll be blown away."~pasta 
Oh my lord, my tastebuds are still doing a wee happy dance - I've had the kind of food that makes you want to not pollute your mouth with anything substandard....  All that heralds one of the best Italian restaurants in Edinburgh is an inauspicious burnished red awning just across from Haymarket Station...  The kitchen is full of Italian voices and incredible smells; the restaurant is packed with regulars and locals, some speaking Italian to the wonderful old waiters, some simply enjoying an incredible meal.  Gamberoni with a side of spinacci fills my nostrils and, when I try it, it makes me chew slowly, making the "I can't believe it's legal to eat this in public" face.  The chicken dish is, apparently, orgasmic.  Happy faces (and tastebuds!) all round!  The spinacci was so simple and so good that it subsequently launched a google recipe search and repeated trips to Sainsbury's for ingredients over the following months while I perfected it.  I often think that good food allows you to guess at the ingredients but no one ingredient stands out as overpowering the others.  It should create a sensation that's like looking at a piece of art: you don't always see the brush strokes that create the whole piece.  La Bruschetta does this well.  The food made me want to re-learn the language just so I could appreciate all the nuance of it.  Like any (proper) Italian place, they're closed on Sunday and Monday, but it's well worth making a booking for a table at this wonderful wee piece of Italy.~chicken 
Don't be put off by the outside.  It's the inside that counts :-)  We went there ad hoc and were so lucky to have gotten the last table for two in this small restaurant.  Yes, sadly the table was in the centre of the restaurant surrounded by all the other tables, but in the end, I was so impressed by the food that I totally forgot where I was sitting. It's really not a large place. The restaurant has about 8 tables with 2 tables of 4. Best you make a reservation on the weekend, as they seem very busy, no doubt. The clientele is more of the older upmarket generation with some young ones thrown in, who seem to enjoy a memorable evening out. Maybe for a special occasion, considering that this place is not cheap. Having said this, you definitely get your money worth of quality.  I ordered a fillet carpaccio with ruccola as a starter, veal in bread crumbs alla milanese (served with capers,  slices of lemon and anchovies) as a main and vanilla ice cream with amaretto as dessert. And yes, I still wonder how I ate it all :-)  Each of these dishes was served to its highest standards.  I still taste the soft and perfectly cut carpaccio with a hint of lemon or the amaretto touched vanilla ice cream perfectly proportioned.  The waiters were all Italian and efficient. Yes, we only got a two hours slot, but this was plenty. The food just kept coming. No delays, considering this place was packed.  The Prosecco was also Italian and of class! Not a brand I normally drink. I can definitely recommend this place for a nice evening out in general or for a special occasion.  And what's good? It's just opposite Haymarket.  Easy accessible for everyone!~capers, lemon ice cream lemon ice cream 
The burgers were alright, but not worth the price to me, and one of the managers was really rude to my mom when we went. Probably wont be going back any time soon.~burgers 
Glad they are here! Love the butter burgers and the custard is GREAT! Understand they plan on 3 more.~butter burgers 
Very fast service. Ordered at the counter, got my drink and had my food within minutes. As fast as many fast food places, but much better. The burgers are hot, juicy, & well seasoned. Cheese curds are tremendous. The staff is very friendly. Can't wait to try the frozen custard.~burgers cheese 
Waited for this Culvers to open, was not disappointed! Culvers has set a new gold standard for fast food  dining! Cheese curds were unbelievable!! Can't wait to go back!~cheese 
When you walk in to this newly built restaurant, the first thing besides the "new building" smell that you'll notice is the enormous menu. If this menu was a house, it'd be a mansion. If it was a boat, Bill Gates would own it.   As you navigate the menu you'll find burgers, sandwiches, salads, sides, shakes, "Concrete Mixers", it screams America and Wisconsin in one breath. I ordered the Cheddar (Butter)Burger with Bacon (double of course) value basket with cheese curds. My order was taken quickly and efficiently, and while the place was busy (there were not many available parking spots) we were able to find a seat for 4 people without issue.  We waited a few minutes, but not too long (especially given how busy it was), to receive our food at our table.  If you remember nothing else from this review, CHEESE CURDS. ORDER THEM. Cheese curds, apply directly to the mouth. Cheese curds, apply directly to the mouth. Cheese curds, apply directly to the mouth. These little fried balls of joy exist to make people happy. It reminds one of cheese sticks but it straps it to a rocket and enters outer space, the final frontier of good taste.   The burger was good, I didn't realize when I ordered that for that specific burger you have to ask for lettuce/tomato and other condiments (I'll keep that in mind for next time). It was a good sized burger, the patties were cooked in a way that reminded me of Steak 'n Shake. The bun was fresh. I get the feeling that the cheese is just the highlight of this restaurant. (Remember to order the cheese curds)  I thought the service was good, they have staff in the dining room to take your tray if you're done and deliver food to your table a la Chick-Fil-A.   Overall, this is a good place with good food and good service (order the cheese curds).~burgers, salads, bacon ( cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese burger burger burger, steak ' cheese cheese cheese 
Food is good quality, but a bit pricey for the experience and portion size.  The staff is over-the-top friendly, which is usually nice to see.  We'll see how they do after it's been open several months. I really love the cheese curds!~cheese 
This place sucks!!! Joe Baselice is an incompetent moron....at least thats the only conclusion I can come to since we never got to speak to him in 6 years. This office is a nightmare of incompetence. They will screw up your paperwork causing you penalty....they will ignore your phone calls......they will not return phone calls as they say they will. They are unapologetic and unprofessional. They overcharged when we added a second vehicle to our insurance plan so badly that they cost us over $120.00 in overdraft fees. Because of this the bank actually reversed those charges but farmers will now be seeing us in small claims court after they decided to short us again of a couple hundred dollars  when they finally sent our refund for the time paid after cancellation. We had great service for 16 years in Northern Arizona with farmers Insurance but the crap we have endured from Joe Baselice and his Farmers office has been an abject failure completely caused by this offices work practices....or lack thereof. We contacted Liberty Mutual and spoke with Tim Allen directly....within half an hour we had a new plan with better coverage and a savings of over $1200.00 a year. We had some follow up questions and again it was Tim Allen himself who spoke with us....not a know nothing desk girl....who is probably chewing gum and twisting her hair with her finger.  See you in court Joe.~chewing gum 
First, let me just say that I like Starbucks and that I'm amazed how they manage to create good quality product consistently across thousands of stores. This store is no exception: Their barristas know how make a good drink.  However, Starbucks is more than a coffee shop. To me, it has become my boardroom and my office. And for a coffee shop to fulfill this function, they need to have a decent Internet connection.  Alas, here, WIFI Internet hardly ever works. On a few occasions I'd come and get my drink and a scone, sit at a table and pop my laptop open only to realize that I wouldn't be able to do much work that day. So after a while I started checking the WiFi connection BEFORE ordering the drink. If it was down, out the door I would go and drive 200 meters to a Country Style just south of there. And now, when I'm in the area, I don't even go to this Starbucks anymore.~coffee coffee 
Are all cake pops raw?! I don't want to bash this location if it's a Starbucks thing but man, I won't be getting another one of these suckers. They are gross.  As for the sandwiches and drinks, they are made perfectly and to my likings. The staff at this location are pleasant too and often social (whether it be with you or their friends popping in). This Starbucks also has a drive thru which is convenient. I also like that this location has a community board - I thought that was a nice touch.   I'm not going to hinder their rating due to the crappy cake pops only because I have a feeling the food is made elsewhere and shipped in. But honestly, as someone who enjoys baking... I sample the goods before giving to others. I don't know how they miss this on a regular basis. I should add that if this is normal, it's disgusting and I'm not the only one who agrees.  http://www.eatandbemerryblog.com/2011/03/starbucks-cake-pop.html~cake cake 
like Starbucks. Actually I love Starbucks. And I love this location. It was renovated last year and looks great. There is a lot of seating, its lit nicely, its clean, and the folks that work here are super! Ask them anything about your drink or treat!  I know I know its pricy but I like what I get.  I usually get the chai latte. I get it lactose free. They have three options. One - lactose free milk, Two - soy (its nice try it), Three - with coconut milk (its new trying it right now, I like it, doesn't over power). The chai latte is spicy and creamy. Get it without water for a really strong spice kick, that's how I like it. My other go to drink is the cinnamon dulce latte, equally a delight.  Treats, I like the oat fudge bars,scones, and coojies. Chocolate goodness. Ask them to heat it up for you for an extra special treat!  Sandwiches, this is going to sound gross but its delicious. I love the Thai tuna wrap - heated up. They'll question if you really want to, but trust me you do! I am also completely obsessed with the the feta and spinach breakfast wrap. Yum!  So if you happen to find yourself at the corner of Gorham and Leslie in Newmarket, stop in, they have WiFi ( and it occasionally works!). Or better yet, they have one of the few drive thrus that I've seen~milk, coconut milk ( thai tuna spinach 
Damn good white cheese pizza.   My favorite memory of this place is when my friend Emily and I ate a full white cheese pizza.  In the car. While driving. On the way to our stupid sorority ritual night.  Wearing all white.    We were pigs.~white cheese pizza white cheese pizza white. 
I really like this papa johns! They are so quick with delivery, it is great! And the pizza is always good! One time we had pizza delivered and they forgot to cut it so I called back and asked if we could bring it in to be cut, but instead they brought us a new one completely free and cut our old one!!! Great customer service!!!~pizza pizza 
Seems like people either love or hate PJs. I love it and have it a few times a month which isn't a lot by college standards. Favorite is the Spinach Alfredo and Hawaiian BBQ Chicken - both regular crust.~spinach bbq chicken 
At first I was a little underimpressed with Moo Cafeteria. Upon showing up on an oddly glorious Saturday afternoon, we wanted to sit outside, and after some persuasion, the four of us were allowed to take 2 of the indoor chairs outside while the manager wasn't looking. Not sure if that is the lady who came out to take our order, but man, she seemed really annoyed at having to deal with us. With me being the odd one out by ordering falafel, and the rest cake (oh damn you, diet! The glee to which the cakes were ordered was NOT FAIR). The falafel came out a little later than the rest of the order, and when they came out, my oh my, in the spirit of ACDC, I had big balls (of falafel, that is).   The only problem is, they were too big, and raw in the centre, which I slowly worked out as I tucked into them. So into the cafe I trotted, plate in hand. The waitress immediately apologised and took my plate back into the kitchen. Now here is the kicker of a good cafe - do they scrape off the offending part of the meal, or provide an entire new dish? Well, Moo gave me the latter, with smaller balls, which had clearly been checked before being sent out to me. I like that - it makes me feel happy that the chef didn't intend the same mistake to happen twice.   Where I wouldn't say wow, they were the best falafel in the world, they were tasty bites, freshly made and the plate overall was nicely presented. Despite one of the ladies who served us original ill-humour, she was lovely when my plate was returned to me and full of apology. I would definitely go back, and most importantly when I can test out their cake range.~cake ( cake 
All the other reviews for Moo seem positive so maybe we just caught them on a bad day, but safe to say we shall not be going back! We'd decided against Circle further down the street as all the condensation on the windows made it look a bit sweaty but with hindsight, condensation = lots of people = popular. Anyway, I digress.   So we ended up in Moo which has slightly quirky decoration; the highlight (or should that be lowlight?) was a perspex box with a display made from children's farm animals ('Moo' - I get it!) which may have been hilariously ironic when placed there but over the years has become dusty and just a bit grubby. A couple of sad little cows have also bitten the dust so it's actually just a box with some jumbled toys in it.  Anyway, we only wanted drinks and I ordered hot chocolate. We'd been out for a walk and it was freezing so I was really looking forward to a steaming mug with, hopefully, some whipped cream and possibly even a marshmallow or three. I was gutted when not only did I not get any of these hot chocolate accessories but my 'hot' chocolate was more like 'luke warm at best' chocolate. My friend ordered milkshake and was excited by the fact that Moo proclaimed on the menu that it was made with Luca's ice cream. How could it fail?! By grinding ice cubes into it, not ice cream, that's how. Meanwhile, the boyfriend and friend No2 sat sipping tea and looking smug as we exclaimed with dismay over each fresh disappointment.~milkshake ice cream. ice cream, tea 
This weekend I was put in charge of finding a Friday night dinner venue for 8 people. Requirements: Hearty food, on a budget + veggie options.  A number of my favourite haunts made the short-list, but in the end I opted for Moo & I'm very glad I did!  Every Friday evening, Moo hold a burger night and it's BYOB (with no corkage fee!). The restaurant advertises the night as running from 6pm 'til 9pm, but on booking, the owner was happy to agree that we could use the venue after this time. Our table reservation was for 8pm and we stayed until just after 10pm. The staff didn't rush us at all & we had an excellent time.  The food:  The burger night portions at Moo are very generous and we were full to the brim on leaving. The menu offers a choice of no-fuss starters (garlic bread, soup, onion rings, garlic mushrooms, coleslaw & salad) and a selection of five main course burger toppings that can be served with a beef, chicken or bean burger. All main courses are served with salad, coleslaw and a portion of seriously tasty hand-cut, homemade chips.  I opted for a chicken burger, topped with bacon & Mull of Kintyre cheddar - it was absolutely delicious. The only disappointment was that the bread was rather ordinary. Tasty rolls from a local Edinburgh bakery would bump my rating up to 5 stars.  The service:  The owners and other staff at Moo are friendly, helpful and attentive.   Originally, I'd booked our table for 8.30pm, but moved our reservation to 8pm at quite short notice - the restaurant had no issue at all with this.  The Moo website had unfortunately been hacked and the burger menu was unavailable to download (issue now resolved), but within a few minutes of coming off the phone, the owner had emailed a copy to me, so that I could share it with friends.   We brought along a selection of prosecco, white wine & red wine (from the wonderful Cornelius on Easter Road) and as Moo charge no corkage fee this made a massive difference to the total bill; a very pocket-friendly £8 per head!  For hearty food on a budget, I highly recommend burger nights at Moo Cafeteria.  Moo can be reached by bus on the #23, #27 and #8 routes and is well-placed for after dinner drinks in Canonmills, Broughton Street & Stockbridge.~burger burger garlic onion rings, garlic mushrooms, salad) burger beef, chicken burger. salad, chips. chicken burger, bacon & burger white burger 
This quirky little cafe down in Canonmills is great fun - the interior is one of my favourites in the city. Quirky patterns and colourful walls really contrast against the shiny white shop-front.  I love all day breakfasts but these days not even Little Chef can give you something satisfying (thanks for nothing, Heston). Generous portions of fried, but not weighty, food that made my hangover vanish. It was good quality cooking with good quality ingredients. It must be hard work sorting out the daily-changing menu for creative husband and wife combo but it hasn't yet seemed to have compromised any of the little details.~white 
All round ok...7 outa 10 coffee (& they do a flat white!) agreeable food (basic, but well prepared and served) and smiling staff happy to oblige wee ones. Meals however are perhaps £1- £2 per dish overpriced.~coffee ( white! 
The breakfast here is mooooovelous!no?.it was worth a shot. Anyways, it's so beautifully decorated and mega child friendly. There's loads to look at. I especially love the retro computer they have up on the way to the loos. They're cooked breakfasts are great and their scrambled egg is sooo good! Highly recommend for a cafe that stands out from the rest (for all the right reasons!)~egg 
Went there last Sunday after a quick check out on yelp for a cooked breakfast with my friend Jon. We wanted some egg and bacon but fancied escaping the South and West of Edinburgh, where we both stay.  The place is neat and the location is really nice, just a short stroll away from the Royal Botanic Gardens and New Town. If it hadn't been for the pesky rain we would have probably enjoyed a nearby park after eating.  Big teapot with enough milk to my liking. Breakfast ingredients looked fresh and seemed of a good quality. The only downer was that I'm not a huge fan of Scottish breakfast containing haggis and black pudding (giblets in general), I much prefer the more English variant with mushrooms or tomatoes. Still filling though.  Free wifi, and you can pay by card.~egg bacon milk mushrooms 
Brunch at Moo is one of my favourite weekend pastimes - with a great selection from scrambled egg and smoked salmon to a cooked vegetable snack that would make any meat-eater consider converting to vegetarianism. The smoothies are refreshing and filling, and the staff are always smiling. I've taken friends, family and even in-laws(!) there and they've all been delighted.   Their BYOB burger night is also a great one for hungry tummies looking for good quality grub and fab flavour combinations!~egg smoked salmon 
As this place has opened for business on a site that's already been an Indian restaurant and, most recently and for only about 6 months, an Egyptian steak house + it has similar established competition to the left and an offshoot of the Urban Angel "empire" along the road to the right I'm glad I've finally managed to get in and check it out as none of the above boded well for it I thought yet it's clear form going past on the bus that it's a bright and freshly decorated establishment that always looks welcoming.    That said I've never seen it very busy but on having finally stepped across the threshold I can't actually see any reason why this should be the case - the staff are friendly, the background music is well chosen and at a decent level and they clearly cater to families and customers of all ages with a small but no nonsense menu.    If I'd paid more attention upon entering I'd not have been surprised that my rabbit and carrot pie was of the Scotch variety rather than the cottage (they have them clearly displayed in a case on the counter). That aside it was packed to bursting with meat so no complaints there. The handmade chips were delicious but could have been slightly crisper (there were more on the plate to begin with than are shown in the photo as I'd tucked in before it occurred to me to take the pic). They operate a system whereby you choose your dish and then the price of that covers the addition of the side order you choose to accompany it. £6 for my pie and chips was I felt very reasonable. Just over two cups of tea in a pot at £1.70 and a reasonable flapjack (could have been just a tad moister) at £1.20 rounded things off.    I'd happily go back again and have only hedged at 3 stars as I didn't check out the bathroom facilities.~steak carrot pie chips pie chips tea 
This was recommended by the hotel staff and they didn't let them down. Tapas were delicious and service was very friendly with excellent English. The shrimp are excellent as is the chicken and pork. Everything, especially the fresh bread works in the scampi sauce. Will definitely hit this again.~shrimp chicken pork. 
If you want some of the best cheese cake you'll ever have made by someone that knows what she's doing in the kitchen for sure I highly recommend you need to try this place for your sweet tooth needs a definite 5 star raining for me thanks Maria for your delicious cheesecake~cheese cake 
I don't know how one lady can have sooooo many talents! Everything I've tried has been spectacular! Great cupcakes, great cheesecake, great fondant! I've even seen some of her wedding cakes, and the price she charged was much more reasonable than what I paid for my wedding cake!~cupcakes, cake! 
Great Greasy Spoon!  SO MUCH FOOD!  Some days I think about ordering my meal with out the home fries, but then think again.  The staff are amazing!  Ask for Stacey, she's so much fun and is always fast!  She's just about to have a baby and this girl can still move!  It's a great hang over place and the prices are reasonable.  On the other hand the bathrooms leave something to be desired.~fries, 
This place is very cool!  Great 50's diner vibe with booths, jukeboxes, funky old signs and art.  Service was mostly friendly and efficient and the food was pretty darn good.  One of the best veggie burgers I've ever had!  Big portions.  Huge step up from your regular fast food joints, $13.00 veggie combo, while it appears pricey, is actually pretty fair for the quality/quantity you get.  Call me a fan!~burgers 
This location has fallen out of favour.  Stopping in for a nice breakfast, there was not a lot to praise.  Starting with a cup of decaf, I was told they only serve instant decaf.  Strike one.  The 3 egg breakfast came with a mound of fried potatoes, that were throughly over salted.  Strike two.  Like many, I enjoy PB&J on my toast.  The waitress brought the jam, but no peanut butter.  Being allergen free was the excuse, but I don't buy it.  Wimpy's on Yonge in Aurora still serves peanut butter.  Strike three.  Back to the minors for you!~instant egg potatoes, butter. butter. 
We were the only table in the restaurant, a table of 6. We waited over an hour for the food. During this hour, each person sat with empty an empty glass, until someone walked over to the bar to find the only waitress in the place, to order refills. Eventually, we each received 1 refill.  Alas, the food arrived. A young man arrived with the waitress and set one plate down. When we asked him what dish that was he responded "I have no idea." It was the wrong dish. We were told the kitchen could redo the order but after waiting over an hour for the food, we just took what the young man brought. 5 out of 6 entrees arrived. Entrée #6, a burger - the waitress checked the kitchen and reported "The chef dropped your burger on the floor. He will have another one ready in 5 minutes." We had waited an hour, yet the chef would remake an entrée in 5 minutes? Or would he just pick it up off the floor... we wondered.  The "liver special" was so overcooked it was inedible. Leathery, no flavor and black as a hockey puck. The roasted potatoes, accompanying half the entrees, were firm and cold. The veggies, all cold. The "warm spinach salad", cold; and the spinach was wilted. The gravy accompanying the lamb chops was thick and solidified. The last entrée arrived, and exactly like the other burger entrée, the bacon was overcooked and the cheese was hard, as if it had been sitting for a while. Needless to say, most of the food went back to the kitchen. After waiting again, we walked through the restaurant to find the waitress to request the bill. When paying by card, we had to leave the seats and stand on the other side of the restaurant because that area did not receive reception. By the end of the evening, I must admit we were laughing. The entire experience was awful, so bad in fact we had to laugh. Upon arrival we wondered why the place was literally empty. By the time the evening was over, we knew exactly why. This is the last time we will ever go to Triple Crown.~burger - burger potatoes, spinach salad" spinach lamb burger bacon cheese 
I loved this place. M friends and I went there for appetizers and a few drinks before heading downtown on New Year's eve. The BBQ chicken pizza wasn't the kind I'm used to, but it was utterly fabulous. My friends had the hot wing, I'm not usually a hot wings person so I was just happy with my pizza and white zinfandel.  Not expensive at all..~appetizers bbq chicken 
Experienced a body ecu failure in my 6 month old FRS series 10.  Unfortunately Toyota did not stock this part for my particular model.  They tried other computers from other more common models with no success but unfortunately mine was unique.  I was without my car for 2.5 months.  The service manager and my service adviser  did an amazing job of taking care of me.  They had no control of this issue but they took ownership of the problem and made sure I had a rental and kept me up-to-date with weekly phone calls.  DVNT has always treated me well but this was above and beyond what I could have expected.  Will definitely continue to buy cars from DVNT and have my vehicles serviced with them.~date 
I have owned nothing but Toyota Corolla's since I was 16, and all of them from Don Valley North Toyota.  I have always found the service advisors professional and upfront about costs and what is mandatory and what is optional.  I find that if you book for multiple things like snow tires and maintenance and drive clean your wait will be longer than quoted.  It's also a big and busy dealership - so it's more challenging for every car repair to be fast but there is shuttle service, free wifi, free coffee and even J-Town next door to spend some time while waiting.  The one thing I will say, is that I bring my car in for service as recommended and I have never had a major breakdown - only flat tires or battery failure, while friends with cars from other automakers and/or those who don't take their car to a dealership for service seem to have endless and costly car repairs.  Lastly, Don Valley is special because they bring mechanics from Japan where the cars are designed to train mechanics here in Canada, I think it makes them more knowledgeable and that's why I don't go to Downtown Toyota, even if it's closer.  Also, my one dealing with Downtown Toyota felt like endless upsell from service advisors that were nothing like those at Don Valley.~coffee 
I started coming here because of my service advisor, Marlon Lopez. Marlon gave outstanding service and REALLY took care of all his customers, and always was upfront and honest.  When he left Toyota on the Park to come to Don Valley North myself and like 20-30 other customers started coming here to find him and it's worth it.  You build relationships with him, just like your family doctor or dentist and when you have any trouble he will do a lot to help you out!!  Likes :  passion and dedication to customer service, upfront, integrity.  Dislikes : sometimes the service line up can be long and he's not in every weekend so call ahead to make arrangements.  Line ups are usual and typical in every service dealer but you get confortble chairs , free wifi to use and complimentary coffee and newspapers not to mention a free car wash after every service appointment !!  Overall come and see Marlon ... Many customers appreciate his customer service and he had many thank you cards and gifts from all us loyal customers !!  Steven  November 2013~coffee 
My daughter and son in law introduced me to Caribou Coffee....I must say that I am an instant fan!!  I come from Maine and my daughter, also a Maineiac,  feel right at home here.  I do not know about some of the prior comments, I find that she an I are able to sit there for hours and talk with out being interrupted or otherwise bothered.  If you are gonna sit there and use their internet for hours and then get mad 'cause they want you to actually BUY something,  I think you ought to go somewhere else....and leave a spot for a paying customer - not just users/abusers of a priveledge offered to PATRONS.    GROW UP.  Now that I have spoke my mind,  I love this place and frequently order their coffees, snack bars, and miscellaneous stuff on line.  I bought a Keurig coffee machine from them....A match made in heaven  =)    And a fireplace Too!!~coffee.... instant coffee 
OK I have never been to a Caribou Coffee before in my life and considering that I practically live on soy lattes, I decided to check it out during my stay in the Cleveland area.  I am out here often for work and never really know where to go that will actually have soy milk.  Alas, I found this great little spot.  The employees were soooo friendly, I came back twice in one day.  Free wi-fi was very helpful in getting some work accomplished while enjoying my coffee.  Just ask the pleasant barista/counter person for the free card.   I will def be back again next time I am in the area.~coffee milk. coffee. 
I guess I never go to Caribou because it's sorta lost among all the other cool places in Lakewood and Rocky River. I prefer other coffee to Caribou, but needed a change of scenery so I decided to try this one on Detroit Road.  It is severely bugging me how the people at Caribou act. They remind me of the Zoup people (see my review for that to understand what I mean). So chipper, yet they seem so insincere. It's okay if you don't give me a flashy smile and ask me if I'd like to partake of your special promotion using the same exact wording you used on the guy before me. I can see it in your eyes that you are embarrassed of yourself! Just be genuinely friendly, and the rest will work itself out. I promise. (However: if you're gonna get fired for not using a script to talk to me, well, then, carry on, because i wouldn't want you to lose your job.)  Coffee was just ok. I even got a cooler (honey almond) and it was really kind of revolting actually. And I don't need whipped cream on my coffee, and thanks for not even asking before you gave it to me. Oh well. I'm feeling kinda moody today; sorry that my Caribou review got the brunt of my attitude.~coffee coffee honey almond) coffee, 
I figured I would write a review for Caribou as I was writing one for Phoenix across the street and I've been in both places a considerable amount on visits to town.  Although I tend to prefer Phoenix as having less of a yuppie-chain atmosphere, I'd say Caribou is a better stop if you're looking for a dessert-type coffee drink, i.e. something with hot chocolate, tons of whipped cream and sprinkles, as opposed to a more basic coffee, cappucino or tea.  Caribou also has a pretty extensive pastry selection.  All the stuff tastes decent; it is very sweet (if you're not into sweet then you probably want to go someplace else) and much, much better than Starbucks coffees and baked goods.  Better selection than Starbucks too.   I have eaten/ drunk inside this restaurant and also gotten drinks and muffins, etc.  to go. I have to say I prefer to take it home as it seems like there's an inordinate number of people, primarily 20-40 year old business types, who treat Caribou Lakewood like it's their own living room or their own office.  I don't mean that in the "hang out for a while, talk and meet people" vibe-sense that the Phoenix has going on, but more like the "buy a coffee and then don't leave for about 4 hours while you pound your computer and read the free newspapers" sense.   This may appeal to some, but when the restaurant is obviously very crowded (such as on nice weekend mornings) it would be good if people were considerate enough to leave within a reasonable period of time so others just coming in might have some access to a table.~coffee coffee, tea. coffee 
The coffee is okay. Because I don't prefer coffee that has to come with its own insulin vial, maybe it's not the place for me. I prefer plain, rich, bitter coffee, and there bold pick always seems to be hit or miss. Not sure why the inconsistency, just an observation. Also at this particular location I have noticed A LOT of squatters. They never seem to leave...if they had some tents I would just chalk it up to like an occupy movement or something. In addition to this side note, another: it smells not of coffee in this establishment but of a whopper junior on a hot summer day. Can someone explain this to me?~coffee coffee coffee, coffee 
At the time I wrote my original review, Caribou was forcing people to enter in a code for the free Internet every 1.5 hours.  The charging bothered me on two levels.  One, it wasn't really "free" Internet.  It was Internet that required purchases at specifically timed intervals.  Where those not using wi-fi were able to "sit there for hours and talk without being interrupted or otherwise bothered," Internet users at Caribou didn't have that pleasure.  Sure, they might get up and purchase a $1.50 worth of Caribou products every 1.5 hours, but there was nobody holding them to that.  I'm guessing if somebody interrupted one of their discussions to ask them to purchase something, they would have found it to be a little odd, a little rude, and a little uncalled for.  In other words, we're all big enough to make those purchases on our own.  We don't need a timer running by our side.  Thus, there should be no separation between Internet-users and those just whiling away the hours in discussion.    Secondly, the 1.5 hours system never really worked.  At each Caribou, the workers would just hand you a stack of tickets with the codes.  They all seemed to find the mandatory purchase thing to be silly, and acted accordingly.  This was the way it was at all of the Caribou locations I visited.  Thankfully, Caribou has since done away with the mandatory purchase thing for Internet users.  With truly "free" wi-fi being offered near-everywhere nowadays, charging just doesn't make sense; especially for a business that thrives on computer users visiting their stores.  I'll continue to visit the many neighborhood Caribou locations.  Sure, it's corporate whore coffee, but the employees are pleasant, the chai rocks and the locations are bright and airy; always conducive to writing, reading and good conversation.~coffee, 
Giving it 3 cause it's a chill place (but why not hop to the other side of the road to the Roots Cafe) but had two smoothies - grossness to the mostness   Tasted like that artificial flavored sugar powder from when your a kid. Both mine (mango-pom) and my wife's (strawberry-ban) came out red - I immediately knew there was a problem. Confirmed on the first sip.~smoothies - mango- 
OK, people. Time to hunker down and get real serious-like. There's no appropriate Yelp category for what the Hassle Free Clinic is - and that's a reproductive and sexual health clinic. This is THE place to go for STI and HIV testing, sexual health counselling, abortion referral, questions about pregnancy, birth control acquisition and the like.   It's a really great place to go if you're not comfortable talking to your family doctor about birth control or if you don't want to get on a ridiculous waiting list for a gynecologist. The staff is very open-minded, compassionate and knowledgeable. The clinic actually lives up to its name - it has been truly hassle free during each of my visits.  There are separate hours for men and women. STI testing is on a drop-in basis but HIV testing requires an appointment. You can only call to make an appointment during the hours for your particular gender. I've listed the women's clinic hours but there's a separate entry with the men's hours on it. This is a bit tricky if you want to go in to get tested with your new boyfriend (notice I wasn't gender neutral - we all know it's usually the dude who has to be coerced into getting an STD test, right??) but usually you can work it out that you get tested towards the end of the women's hours and they go at the beginning of men's hours. Go grab food at Salad King while you wait for the turnover.  All testing is FREE and no health card is required. You read that correctly. HIV testing can be anonymous if desired. There are two types of HIV tests and both are blood tests: one is the regular test, which is sent to the Ministry Of Health for assessment and ready in 7-10 days. You call to see if your results are ready (you're referred to by a number) and then go in a second time to get the results. Fun, but not nearly as fun as...  Rapid on-site testing! They've been doing this at the HFC since 2002. You fill out a sexual health questionnaire that assesses your risk for HIV in the first place, then they prick your finger with a needle, take the blood sample and test it for the presence of HIV antibodies. You get the results in 5-10 minutes, and if it's positive they follow up with a full blood test to double confirm.  You get a certification that you are HIV and STI free as of whatever date you were there when you leave - a nice little reference for you to show off. You know, on your fridge, or whatever.~salad date 
Hassle Free is a misnomer. I am a male and I go here for yearly HIV testing, and it is always a huge hassle to try to book an appointment. You have to call them exactly 2 weeks in advance of the date you wish to book your appointment. 13 days before, or 15 days before, out of luck, sorry. Ridiculous policies. Once you are at your coveted appointment that took you 2 months to try to book, you are given a 30 minute lecture-like information session about everything you did sexually. They ask you all sorts of invasive questions too. Sorry but I came for a simple HIV test not to answer 20 questions and be given information that I have known since grade 8. It is a waste of time and I have never been told anything I didn't know. Then when they finally give you the test, they make it all dramatic. They leave the room with the test and then come back several minutes later. Other places I have gone just stay there since you can pretty much tell what it is going to be within a couple minutes. Why create the unnecessary anxiety?  The only reason I go here is because it is one of the only places I know that does the HIV rapid test. However I challenge them to cut back on all the fuss and just administer the tests rather than turning it into a huge info session. Maybe if they did that, there would not be a 2 week wait to begin with.~date 
Hier kannst du spät abends einen tollen Film ansehen und nebenbei mit deinem Partner all die Dinge machen die vielleicht zu hause auf dem Sofa auch möglich sind: laut Chips essen miteinander reden über den Film diskutieren einfach kuscheln ...~chips 
A charity shop and a cafe? What a novel idea!  This Bethany outlet is very spacious, with the usual charity shop offerings such as clothing and books. They also have enough room to store some furniture, which in my previous visit included some lovely antique oak wardrobes.  Aside from the neatly ordered layout, what makes this Bethany stand out from its counterparts is the cafe running down the side of the store. They sell homemade cakes, teas and light snacks so if you become too exhausted bargain hunting, you can take five without having to move to a neighbouring tea room.  A bit more magical than your average charity shop, Bethany gives me yet another excuse to drink tea - to have a brew for a good cause!~tea tea - 
This place is down right, nasty since the new management took over, I got my favorite dish that I have been getting for yrs ( beef w/broccoli), they changed the beef or something it was totally inedible didn't taste like or had the texture of beef, it was gummy mushy I threw the whole dinner away after 3 bites! I will never ever go to china kitchen 2 again, why not leave well enough alone this place was fantastic!!HOW sad they really don't deserve the one star that I gave.~beef beef beef, 
The food is okay, it's the same old Chinese food. I ordered the generals chicken and the outside crust of each piece fell off. It was soggy, and it wasn't tossed in the sauce. Just placed on top of it. The chicken was great but the lack of effort to put it together messed the whole dish up. I will only order fried rice from now on.~chicken chicken fried rice 
I've tried many Chinese food restaurants, but I always come back here because it's so amazing.  You get a massive amount of food for such a low price. Most combo meals are around $7 in price, and the portions are so big that you can easily eat one combo for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  My favorite is the Sweet and Sour Chicken, but there are many good choices like Pepper Steak, Chinese Vegetables, and many others. I'm actually not afraid to try different meals here because they are usually so amazing.  As for the employees, Ken and his sister Brandy are both great. They will always greet you with a smile, and if you've been going there for as long as I have, they will already know what you're getting, and will have it done for you really fast. And they don't make you feel out of place like you do at some Chinese restaurants. Seriously, they're amazing!  And as a final endorsement, I have had my friend try out their food (who is Chinese and his family owns a restaurant), and he even admitted that the food at China Kitchen II was better than the food at his family's restaurant! And his family's restaurant is quite popular, so that's quite an endorsement!  Seriously, everyone should at least try China Kitchen II at least once and you'll find out why customers keep coming back.  Just keep in mind, they only take cash, which may be off-setting to those of you who like credit. This place is worth it though!~chicken, steak, 
I have to credit Caz for introducing me to Lock Up Coffee, which is a fantastic new popup shop hidden away just off Broughton Street. I love what they represent: good people who know their coffee and want to spread their love of enjoying and exploring different coffees from different roasters and regions of the world!  Each week they choose a different roaster and bean to feature. This means that they focus on exploring something new each week, but it also means that there is just one type of coffee each week, either with or without milk.  Last week I stopped by with Caz to check this place out but I didn't have any coffee since I was already coffee-d out for the day and it was late in the afternoon. The place intrigued me, though, with its bare-bones minimalistic surroundings. It is basically a popup coffee stand and seats in a clean and tidy garage. The decorations and furniture are indeed sparce, but this is part of the whole ambiance here. I particuarly liked the 'loyalty card' which is an actual wooden door where you write your name with permanent marker and start a tally next to your name. I'm not sure if you actually get anything from the loyalty card, but then again just having your name on the door is something in itself. I also quite liked the dartboard.  Today after brunch in the area I brought Mason and Tanja to check out this new place since I thought they'd love it (and had persuaded them after going on about this cool popup coffee place. Today I had the 6oz coffee with milk (as did Mason) and the guy brewing them up for us was chatty and really friendly. He made adorable and different designs on both of our coffees, too. After taking my first sip, I knew this was good stuff! It was delicious, rich and just plain amazing.  Lock Up Coffee basically says 'here we are, we love what we do.' I love that they are quirky and different, and I do think they do a great job. Although they only offer minimalist coffee options, the quality of the beans and brews are superb and that does it for me. I will keep coming back to try the new brews each week when I can!  Do note that they are only open 10am - 4pm on Saturdays and Sundays, but will be open all week long during the festival. It's also cash only.~coffee, coffee coffee milk. coffee coffee- coffee coffee coffee milk ( coffee coffee 
Pop up coffee shop & tea on the side.. Decorating's a bit sparse but the super friendly barista & fantastic coffee are well worth the visit.  Different bean & roaster every weekend, great for trying something new!~coffee tea coffee 
A most welcome addition to the coffee scene in Edinburgh.  A weekend only pop up, Lock Up Coffee serves a new & exciting roast every week, so you are always going to taste something different from a variety of roasters. Owned & run by the crew from Freemans, they bring their expert knowledge to the Broughton area.  The blank space works well, helping to showcase the coffee and they are currently partnering with Pekoe Tea to offer some delicious blends to Edinburgh Tea lovers.  They have a fun & quirky reward system whereby you write your name on a board and get a free coffee after a certain amount of cups bought.  As with Freemans, the service is always super friendly.  A great place to go for a superb cup of joe while perusing the shops of Broughton street.~coffee coffee coffee tea tea coffee 
Loved it - we sought out an independent, hole-in-the-wall, and this place is a weekend only joint stationed in a garage.  Super nice barista and good coffee.  Highly recommended.~coffee. 
Check out this place if you like coffee - it's a must! Bear in mind they are only open sat And Sundays 10-6 - maybe open weekdays during festival? Lovely beans from a roastery that's in Scotland this week.  The beans change every week, so a different tasty coffee everytime you go!  Please note it does not have a toilet as it's set up in a garage.~coffee - coffee 
Pop-up coffee shop... A hidden hole in the wall... Weekends special treat!~coffee 
The other reviews on here had kept me from trying this place for a while, so I figured I'd give in and give it a run. I ordered the club, a poutine and a drink.  First off, this place gets an extra star. I placed my order online with just-eat.ca and within 10 minutes of sending off my order and paying for it, I got a call from the restaurant to make sure that I was okay with the toppings that were included and that it was ready whenever I was (early btw). The website didn't offer a toppings option, but I thought it was great that they called to make sure I'd be happy with what I got. I also asked for extra mayo on the side in my online order and I got it - an entire container :) They also packaged my cold pop separately from the hot food and in its own paper bag to keep it from making everything else cold. The little things!!  The good: the sandwich was on a really nice fresh kaiser bun, two pieces of nice, thin chicken, a good amount of bacon and fresh toppings (tomato, lettuce, etc). The poutine was nice and cheesy. Both of them were great portion sizes (I wasnt able to finish either).  The bad: While I like cheese on a club, it was processed and there was a bit too much of it. It probably would have been better without it. The gravy was really lumpy and thin and the fries could have been cooked longer.  Overall, not a fantastic meal, but I'll be sure to try them out again when I feel like a gyro or caesar, two of the things recommended in other reviews. The fact that its around the corner is good and that the staff was really nice when I came in is a plus too.~sandwich chicken, bacon tomato, lettuce, cheese fries 
Firstly, this place deliveries VERY late, so you have to give them some credit for that.  At first glance though if you go in person, is that this place is the most unimpressive.... BUT, I have gotten to know some of the food there well.  Their gyro is absolutely one of my favourites in the city.  It's kinda neither of a Greek style, nor a Middle East style.  I just love that the gyro slices they make, are afterwards grilled on a flame grill, before being wrapped with onion, tomato, and tzatziki.  My mouth waters just remembering it.  Anther thing going for this place... CHEAP.  One of the cheapest places I order from.  The only complaint I have with them sometimes is when I order, the guys that delivery the food for them can be total fucking knobs.  EI, confusion at the door, can't buzz in, I go to meet them downstairs, and in the meantime, they leave the lobby, so I'm chasing them around. Despite all that, I shamelessly continue to order from them though.~onion, tomato, 
I went to Toronto to visit a homie and it got super late.  I went to the front desk of his building and talked to a smooth Indian guy who told me that Sizzlers was the titts.  I had to believe him after all, he was an Indian.  So I walked down the street and scoped this place.  I ordered the philly steak.  They made it FRESH and hot right there.  They put some ill mushrooms in it and peppers and whatnot and spiced it up for me.  My mouth waters just thinking about it right now.  It was so correct!  There was a girl with a super thick ass in there waiting on some snacks, I was trying to spit game to her and show her my award winning break dancer moves.  She wasn't interested but the dudes behind the counter didn't call the cops on me so they get an extra star for that.    Don't believe the haters, this place is 2 legit 2 quit.  Order the philly steak spicy and while you wait you can go outside and punch out a couple of bums down the street in the Toronto equivalent of Times Square for asking you for change.  Do I LOOK like I have SPARE CHANGE?  I ONLY USE CREDIT CARDS SON!!!~steak. mushrooms steak 
Been going here since it was called Steak Out...proper..the hamburger is huge, the portion of fries is huge...but if ur serious get the bbq chicken as they actually put it on a grill...never had to worry about the delivery guys as I live across the street from the joint...its a diner style spot but they make a proper salad~steak fries bbq chicken 
One of the best late night destinations in the area, Sizzlers is open until 5am, making it an instant favourite for night owls and people stumbling home after a night of drinking.  Their burgers are delicious, but my favourite would have to be the chicken Caesar that they serve.  When you walk in, it looks a bit like a makeshift operation with the scattered chairs in the seating area in the back, but it really isn't.  These guys have been running this place for years and really seem to have their work down to a science.  Whether you're hammered, tipsy, or not, this place always serves you some greasy goodness that's sure to satisfy whatever ails you.~instant burgers chicken 
The food is bad. There's really not much more to say than that.  I ordered some food for delivery: a poutine, a burger, a greek salad, and garlic bread. It arrived about an hour later, cold and soggy. The poutine was okay but the rest of the food was abysmal. The burger was hard as a rock, the garlic bread was little more than a burger bun and the lettuce was so brown and wilted than it was inedible. I will say though, what little I had of the dressing tasted quite good and the toppings were plentiful. If only the lettuce had not appeared to be about a week past its prime, it would have been pretty good. This place's only saving grace is that I can tell this food would be damn delicious while piss drunk, and they're open till 5 am which definitely caters to that crowd. They get an extra star for that.~burger, salad, garlic burger garlic burger lettuce brown lettuce 
I've been here a few times so far, and quite pleased with it!  The coffee is very good, and I had a turkey wrap for lunch.  That was also quite good.  A cute little setting attached to a clinic.  It can be easy to miss as you drive by in Stoughton, if you don't keep your eyes peeled.  Just head into the clinic and park in the clinic lot, the cafe is right there.~coffee 
My dad's girlfriend and I went here to chitchat and get to know each other better and it was a great place to do just that.   It is your average coffee shop but what makes this one different is they actually have made in house food that is TASTY! I didn't order anything too complicated, but as we were there talking, I'd hear people have these really cool nifty specialty drinks they wanted and they'd customize the drink to the person's standard--everyone seemed very happy.  They do have wifi.~coffee 
I have been here twice. Both times my sister and I ordered coffee drinks. I ordered an iced latte and she had a flavored coffee. Both were perfect. Exactly the way we ordered. No complaints. The barista was very friendly, helpful and funny.~coffee coffee. 
Just an FYI ... It is no longer TRUE coffee. The new name is Malabar Coffee & Tea. I picked up a few day old scones for Sunday morning and they were pretty darned good. The fresh baked goods looked unusually over baked, almost black edges.   I did not get any coffee drinks today, maybe another time.~coffee. coffee & tea. coffee 
I travel a LOT for my job. Something that keeps me sane is a great coffee at cool coffee shops. Normally I go for a standard black house coffee, but today I wanted a mocha and a cookie. This place delivered an excellent mocha and my chocolate chunk cookie was perfect, IMO. I don't think I'll be back to Stroughton anytime soon, but I definitely recommend this place. It's a gem for good coffee drinks :)~coffee coffee coffee, coffee 
***One thing to note is the phone number on yelp is wrong (as of today) the correct number is 608-873-1600.***  One of my favorite places in Stoughton PLUS they have almond milk! Which makes my wife happy.  Super friendly employees and a nice quiet seating area if you want to read the paper or get some work done.~almond milk! 
Pro: Best coffee in Stoughton. Really, it's awesome. They do a great latte. Con: It's in a weird location on the way out of town, connected with a health clinic / exercise club. Parking can be tough if there is a youth basketball tournament or something. Pro: In winter, the fireplace is great. They leave it on throughout the day. Con: The internet service really and truly sucks. Don't bother going if you need to work on the internet. You could log onto the clinic's web service, but that signal's pretty bad too. In all, it's a great place for a coffee if you want to hang out and chat with friends when the clinic isn't busy.~coffee coffee 
I really enjoy this place. The atmosphere is clean and fresh. The downside is it is a little difficult to get to and it's easily missed if you don't know it is there. The sandwiches and coffee are very tasty and the service is friendly and fast.~coffee 
This is a really nice shop in the neighbourhood for anyone that owns an Apple product. Don't be fooled by the store's small size as you'll most likely find what you were looking for in here.   To top it off the guys working here are really nice and helpful.~apple 
Smart staff, great service, and an impressive selection for a small shop.  I consistently get excellent service and good advice here. They are a little quick to suggest I buy this and that, but they are a store, and that's their job.  I've had great experiences with trade-ins here as well. They offer a respectable amount for used Apple products.  I haven't attended any of their workshops, but I hear good things.  A great apple store.~apple apple 
I am AMAZED and AGOG that this is BeachMac's first review! MacPeeps in the MacBeach, check this place out!  Staff are wonderful - friendly, funny, and - wow - they know Macs. Both of the employees I met were young males (appropriately and adorably geeky), and were absolutely lovely. They were patient with my ignorance (this is my very first Mac, and it's a hand-me-down), and listened to every single thing I said. LOVE THAT.  It's a cute little corner shop on East Queen East (does anyone else say that?) between Woodbine & Victoria Park. It's small, but efficient. Spacious for its "front-of-house" needs. They sell everything Mac-ish... Sometimes (if the door at the rear swings open) you can catch a glimpse of the MacFairies working at the back... it's all very secret and special.  Street parking, and there are always spots available (SCORE!)  I took in two MacBooks - one mine and one for a friend. The friend needed upgrades to everything, and I had an odd problem with CAPSLOCK and Shift.  Everyone on the Apple Support online forums said my issue was related to an operating system upgrade bug... NOPE! It was just the keyboard and housing needing to be replaced.  They send an email every day it's in the shop to let you know what's going on, as well as an email when it's ready!  My MacBook was ready in two days, the other in five. Pretty darn MacAwesome.  And - LISTEN - when they hand you a bill from a computer bought  in 2006 with a $0 bill... I mean, just come on. I love it.~apple 
Spilled lovely wine all over my laptop.  They were very open and communicative about the price and what the possible outcomes may be, possible further damages, cost, etc.  Turn-around time was excellent.  Price was the same as any other Apple product repair would be, will go back the next time I spill booze on an iThing.~apple 
Lars the Apple technician at BeachMac is terrific: honest, hard-working, and a professional. He called me the day after I dropped off my constantly-stalling laptop to give me a technical diagnosis, a cost estimate of various options, and his final recommendation (install a solid state drive and upgrade my operating system).   He explained that while my laptop could use more RAM and a new battery and he'd happily install both, neither are urgently needed. So I passed on both, and saved ~$300.   Most importantly, my laptop is running beautifully again.~apple 
First of all, Happy New Year. sorry for the MIA but I was scouring Spain and have returned to Toronto in search of some delicious eats as good as the ones I had there.  Enough with the pleasantries.. I finally had the opportunity for a ladies dinner at The Rosebud. I had heard so many amazing things about this place that I was really pumped to go. Although it was a quiet wednesday night I still had high hopes for the service / food.  Service -Remarkable. The man who served us, (I believe was the manager) was very sweet. Very open and helpful and really took an interest in us as patrons and as people. He could very well be the only reason I would return to this restaurant.  Atmosphere -quaint. I love that amidst the chaos of Queen street, this intimate restaurant exists. With only a handful of tables, it really brings back the feel that I have missed since La Palette closed down in Kensington  Food. This is where this review goes off the rails. I tried their prix fixe and I think that was a mistake. The mussels were bad (no flavour and I actually got a BAD one), The steak was nothing to write home about and the wine selection was a bit sparse. One thing that I can say that I enjoyed thoroughly was the dessert. Our server allowed us to try all three that were on the the menu this evening. My favourite was the Creme Caramel. Delish.  I will give this restaurant a second shot however as it's my hope that the poor food service was due to a slow night. (perhaps on a busier evening it will wow me a bit more). Maybe I just really want to like this place... maybe I'm just a sucker for a cozy environment.~steak caramel. 
I first heard about this place after landing at Queen and Broadview and, having to wait for a bit for my friends to arrive, popped into a drink at the Citizen (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-citizen-toronto), a very cool retro-50s style restaurant.  In talking with the bar staff they told me about their sister restaurant, Rosebud.  It wasn't until the next day that I walked by Rosebud in the heart of Queen West and then smacked my head as to why they called it that (It's a "Citizen Kane" reference and you too should be ashamed for not seeing it).  When I tried Rosebud, we showed up unannounced and unreserved and took the last table in the place.  A nice wine list and a breadth of great-looking Italian dishes are the fare.  For starters, we took the warmed black olives.  It sounds simple and they are simply delicious.  The secondi and pastas that we split were, well, great.  Gnocchi, which I don't typically go for, tasted spectacular and the steak was tender, tasty, and bloody the way a rare steak should be.  The fact that both Citizen and Rosebud share the same chef tells you that you're probably assured the same quality dishes from either kitchen.  You'd think that the chef'd get tired from running between the two.~steak steak 
We came to Rosebud last night after an unsuccessful attempt to get a table at Czehoski jwhich was packed (just before 7 pm) and the few vacant tables were reserved..... Note to self, make a reservation for Czehoski for a Saturday night.  We walked into Rosebud which was completely EMPTY!!!  First clue!  Supposedly the restaurant was completely reserved in the next half hour or so.  But the waitress was able to find a table for 2, so down we sat.  She explained the specials (food and wine) and the menu itself looked good.  Then we looked at the wine list.  Quite extensive white wine selection in a variety of price ranges.  The red however was quite short and VERY expensive with the majority of wines in the $100 range.  NOT!  We got the scoop from the waitress..... seems the owner is busy with other projects and his wife is pregnant.  And there's no manager at the restaurant.... so no one's ordering wine.  OR as we contemplated later.... is it that cash flow is so bad, they can't purchase wine???  The waitress offered us a bottle of wine at a discount, but at this point we were wondering if the owner/manager was ignoring the wine, were they also ignoring the food?  And the waitress also mentioned she'd only been there 2 weeks.... so are they also ignoring the restaurant and the staff are clueing in they may be working on a sinking ship?  So, we decided to cut our losses and leave.  Too bad really, as this was supposed to be a great restaurant at one time.~white 
Ass ass ass. I can't believe they feel justified charging $35 (on a summerlicious menu no less) for such boring food. I had the mussel appetizer. Mussels were bloated/exploded in some kind of boring tomato sauce. Main course was some boring salmon sitting on top of an equally boring vegetable medley. There was no flavour to be had ANYWHERE. I wanted to stab a fork into my eye. The creme brule was pretty good but I'm not sure I've ever had a creme brule I didn't like. My date's rhubarb cobbler was pretty delicious.  The atmosphere in the place was equally uninspired. I liked the painting of the dog with the cone collar though.~tomato salmon date rhubarb 
I must have walked by this place more than a dozen times but I never saw it.  Some things are kept secret from you by the universe until you are ready for them.  I must be ready for Rosebud. I love the decor:  oldy-worldy wood, stained glass etc.  But what about the food?  Well, the menu changes all the time so what I review today probably won't be there when you go.  There were no mussels, no gnocchi and no rhubarb cobbler.  In fact, the menu was not Italian at all but Brit inspired (complete with minted peas and creamed corn...I recommend both).  There were deviled eggs (perfect with all gin drinks) and salmon cakes for starters. And my main was a bacon wrapped Halibut with a fried egg.  My friends had Lamb Faggots with Deviled Kidneys which may not be everyones cup of tea but if you are a fan of offal then you would be in heaven.   Our server was top shelf, kept on top of our drinks, knew the menu very well and the chef came out to make sure everyone was enjoying their food.  This is what I like in a resto. Oh, and the desserts were divine:  Potted lemon curd, burnt cream and chocolate pate...I'm drooling again thinking about it all.~rhubarb peas corn... salmon bacon egg. lamb tea lemon 
After a failed experience at another restaurant down the road, we walked into Rosebud at 8:15 with no reservation.  There were two servers, and the female waitress set us up even though it was practically full.  Call ahead for reservations Fri and Sat nights!  The menu is always changing. Both the servers were way too busy, but apparently it one the guy's first day on the job!  So, it took a while, but we finally ordered drinks and food.  Highlights:  Mussels in a cream sauce. This is the creamiest sauce I've ever seen, and the other part is the grilled bread served on the side that soaks up said cream sauce like a sponge! So good.  Fries that come with the lobster.  Areas for improvement:  Lobster was slightly soft, ?overcooked? The vegetarian risotto was made with pearl-like buds of rice/barley. It was too dark to tell, but I think it could have used something else. Lots of hazelnuts, celeriac, and pear, but still it didn't quite come together.  We needed to head out before dessert, but they looked delicious on the menu.  I totally didn't mind the slow service, but I think it was just that night, too.  I'll be back for the dark candle-lit environment, and grilled bread in mussel juice.~fries pear, 
I work steps away from Rosebud and after 5 years decided to finally step inside.  Have been there twice in less than a month, my new fav local restaurant!  They are offering a $20 price fix 3 course meal, everyone I have gone with has had minimal complaints (the first time my friend said his duck was dry and last time someone didn't love the creme caramel).   The service isn't super fast but it's a small place and I can't see how they could possibly squeeze another staff member in there, just 2 working the front of the house works and they are very attentive.  It's been busy both times I have been there (once with no reservation and once with) and last time Neve Campbell was sitting at the table next to us.~caramel) 
I've been here twice and don't think I'll be back a third time unless by force. Both times I've gotten slow service from the bartenders despite the bar being nearly empty. The regular clientele at the bar are creepy old men who spent the entire duration of my visit staring at me and my group. I wouldn't feel comfortable bringing a date here. The drinks were okay, the place was relatively clean, but with all the great bars on the Euclid/Cleveland border, there really isn't any reason to come here. Aside from being here for a million years, there's nothing that makes BGs unique.~date 
We love coming to this fair every year, and yes of course everything is overpriced but the nostalgia of the fair and all that it entails excites my son. I must admit I love this particular fair for a totally different reason......the grilled corn on the cob, which is reason enough for me to attend:-)~corn 
Geeze, I can't remember the last time I've been to a county fair. They are still as awesome as I remember...plenty of games and rides to keep adults and children entertained for hours. I had a fabulous time!   But I'm dedicating this review to what I consider to be the best part of the fair....Funnel Cakes. Yep. That's no a typo I meant that fried doughy goodness is one of the main reasons I went to the fair....don't judge me!    I'm going to put it to you like this whoever created the funnel cake is a genius! I mean fried dough is already awesome but top it with powder sugar and it's nothing shy of a piece of heaven on a plate. Yum. My only regret...I should have gotten two...haha  Yep. Totally coming back again! It's definitely worth a visit.~cake 
Where else can you watch racing pigs, feed a camel, and eat fried oreos, corn dogs, and turkey legs.   KC & I decided to head to the fair. We arrived around 1:30 on Saturday afternoon. It took about 45 minutes just to pull into the fair grounds parking lot. WHOA! So busy... The traffic situation was a bit off-putting and they could have done a better job to manage the traffic. We got lucky and got to park in the first parking lot (parking is free). Admission was free from 1-3pm that day but is usually $7 for adults. Check their website as they offer different gate specials.  There was plenty to see and do for people of all ages. I especially enjoyed seeing all the animals and the feeding zoo. We didn't eat anything, as we were saving our appetites for the Greek fest, but there were plenty of fried, fair options. Funnel cakes, corn dogs, spiral cut potatoes, turkey legs, fried candy bars, roasted corn... I was tempted to fill my face with fair food but I exercised will power.  The midway area had lots of rides and games. It was busy but the lines weren't bad and traffic flowed pretty well.  The highlight of the visit, Robinson's Racing Pigs & Paddling Porkers!! Yes, racing and swimming pigs... Loved them! Go early to get a good seat.   A few tips for maximum enjoyment...  Cash only - Bring cash with you. You'll need it for everything! There are ATMs onsite but you can save yourself from extra fees if you plan ahead.   Don't forget sunscreen - The exhibit halls are in air conditioned buildings which was really nice on the hot day, but the pig racing and midway are outside.   Don't play the ping pong goldfish game - It may seem fun to have a goldfish but it's not... It's really just cruel and inhumane. Go win a stuffed animal instead.~corn corn potatoes, corn... 
I had the opportunity to go to Cabarrus County Fair this year and I must say that over all we had very good experience. I took my daughter and my niece and they had best time. Both of them wants to go back again next year.   I decided to go to the fair in the afternoon because I knew that by the evening time, the whole place will be pack and every single rides will have huge lines to get in. So we enter the parking lot and first parking lot was already full. We had to park in the back. We walked straight up to the gate we were lucky enough to be the second on the window to pay for entry fee.   Once we got in, we decided to use the bathroom before hand that way it's easier to hop on rides one after another. Than, we headed straight to the ticket booth where we either buy the wrist band if we want to ride all/most of the ride or we can buy tickets. Next, we decided to scan through the whole fair to make sure which rides we wanted to get on and started going one after another.   The whole fair was very well planned, all the security were in right place. Ticket booths were on multiple locations and all the food/drink stalls were almost everywhere. The other thing I really liked was the fact that the toddler rides were all put together (near by) so it was easy to get all small kids ride done in one area before you get on the big boys. They even had lot of other games kids can play in the middle section but those games required cash meaning they were not included in the whole wrist band pass. I think there were few selected rides as well which required cash and they were not taking tickets or wrist band.   We ran out of cash and I had to use ATM to get more cash, I remembered seeing cashpoint in the parking lot so I asked the security folks at the gate if they could let me go to the ATM and let me back in. I had to make sure otherwise I would have to pay the entrance fee again. Those two ladies were kind enough to let us go. By the time we came back, the ladies we had talk to were gone so quickly I scanned the parking lot and we were able to spot them. We called them up to talk to the security folks at the gate for re-entry.   We went back inside with extra cash which we spent well on the games which were in the middle row. They also had pretty good lemonade, I think it was bit too pricy but we expected at these type of festivity.   All in all, I would defiantly recommend it for kids, adults and I think it's even good spot for a date!~date! 
Tacos, burritos, and quesadillas, those aren't the things that you're going to find at Mr Amigos. Wait what? Yup. This restaurant is run by Asians offering French food with a bit of their own touch. The food might not be the most authentic but their food will certainly bring you back.   Starting with the service, pretty standard except for one time where we were served by a little kid. He was trying to be too polite and things got quickly awkward in a certain way. Regardless of that, the food is carefully cooked. I was surprised at how tender most of the meats were. The cook certainly has talent and he isn't afraid to show it.   Mrs. Amigos has to be among the best restaurants in Brossard in my opinion. If you live nearby and haven't been there, do yourself a favor and treat yourself a meal at Mrs. Amigos.~tacos, burritos, 
Good but far from Great.  Not sure if it's the Persian style but the food here just doesnt compare to my usual middle eastern eateries.  On the plus side the Hummus is quite possibly the BEST HUMMUS i've ever had. If i could i would buy a 16oz drink cup size of it and suck it through a straw.  The number 13 Shredded Beef and Lamb specialty plate is reasonably priced at 8.99, one of the few lamb dishes to remain the same cost from the to go menu to the main board.   On the side you get a small mixed green salad, a wedge of lemon, a glop of hummus (soo good..), a dolmeh, a small container of yogurt with cucumber sauce, and your...i guess it was a wrap.   The dolmeh was good but when paired with the yogurt sauce whoa that was something.   The wrap itself left something to be desired. I did enjoy the taftoon bread, it had a nice freshness to it and was different from the pita i'm used to. The meat was seasoned a little too well. Near the end of my meal i could hardly recall if there was any lamb in it seeing as the spices were so heavy it masked any individual taste of the meat itself. What little hummus and cucumber yogurt i had left were thrown on the wrap and it did improve the taste. Toward the end i reached for a bottle of franks red hot to liven things up a bit.   Also ordered a Lamb & Beef Gyro. I missed the lunch special by an hour so instead of 3.99 for gyro only i had to pay the standard price for the entire meal. Not really a problem.  Ali at Kebab Korner has spoiled me. Even when he tried to singe my taste buds by making his famous super gyro 'burn my ass' (his actual words to his staff "one super gyro, super spicy! BURN HIS ASS!!') with it's level of spiciness it just made me want more.  This gyro is extremely mellow, the meat was a bit dry and inside covered with yogurt cucumber sauce. It was good but it to me it just tasted shallow and empty compared to Kebab Korner.  Being considerably closer than Kebab Korner i might consider coming back a few time to take advantage of the lunch specials.~beef lamb lamb salad, lemon, cucumber lamb cucumber lamb & beef cucumber 
I tried there 2 kabob special 1 lamb 1 beef it was the worst I ever had the rice even taste horrible first time in my life I threw away that much food. It wasn't even worth taking home . Don't eat there~kabob lamb beef 
Flame Kabob is en fuego!!  The new Spring Valley location of Flame Kabob doesn't disappoint.  The interior is outfitted in brick, lusciously hand-painted ethereal wisps of detail, and a few beautiful oil paintings in regal brass frames.  It's bright, clean, and refreshing, much like the flavors you'll find in the authentic Persian cuisine.  I went with the Schawarma (beef and lamb).  It came wrapped in a wonderful Taftoon Bread (Persian pita, but better)  The bread was rolled out from the dough, and cooked in a clay oven right before my eyes.  Cue the 70's porn music...(bow-chicka-bow-wow!)    Also accompanying this huge Persian pleasure feast was some tomato, seasoned onion, lettuce, Tahini, fresh hummus, and dolmeh.  Dolmeh is Persian Dolmades for those of you familiar with Greek food.  It is a grape leaves stuffed with rice, onion, oil, saffron, and other fantastic flavors I couldn't figure out.  I finished this one, and immediately regretted not ordering more.  It was as satisfying as pizza rolls were when you were 12, or pizza rolls now if you're a kid at heart.    The schawarma itself was light in flavor, yet filling.  I had trouble finishing the meal and I was starving.  Notes of lemon, good olive oil, and the lamb and beef danced around beautifully with each bite I took.  I tried it with both the hummus and the tahini, but honestly, neither were needed, the flavor profile was perfect.  I would recommend ordering an extra side of the Taftoon Bread and dip your face off (nicholas cage movie reference anyone?)    This is a family run vacation from the greasy, typical, and always disappointing.  I feel bad even using these words in the review, this place is great and you need to get your Perzh-on!~kabob kabob beef lamb) tomato, onion, lettuce, grape leaves onion, pizza pizza lemon, olive lamb beef 
The food here is pretty delicious.  We got a beef kabob, and a chicken kabob this time, and they were both awesome.  Very juicy, and flavorful  The fresh flat bread they make there is really good as well. The interior is nice, and clean, and the service is great.  My only complaint with Flame Kabob used to be that their prices were a bit high, but that's not as much of an issue anymore.  They have $3.99 lunch specials on weekdays 11-3, and that's pretty damn reasonable.~beef kabob, chicken kabob kabob 
Got a to-go order today. I got the #4, Tenderloin Beef Shish Kabob. The kabob was flavorful and really hit the spot. The food was great! The food is also halal (muslim kosher).   Awesome that they have a location on West Side of town now.   The interior is immaculate and the food prep area is set up so that you can watch what is going on.   They are offering a coupon for a free kabob (ground beef only ) with the purchase of any entree. The coupon expires on 4/30/2011 is is for dine in only.   Will definitely be frequenting this place on an on-going basis.~beef kabob. kabob kabob ( beef 
I have worked with Sean and his team on a couple different projects including business cards and various marketing materials.  I've also started to discuss signage and vehicle wraps with him.  I've been very impressed with their ability to not only design but complete the work.  They are very personable, professional and provide a great level of service.  I recommend them highly for your print, advertising, signage, and vehicle wrap needs.  Thank you AZCA!~wraps 
No tartar sauce or corn. French fries tasted old. The fish and cole slaw tasted good, but who goes to a fish place and doesn't use tartar sauce. It was very disappointing.~corn. french fries 
Worst LJS we've ever visited. The guy at the window (customer service) was great I must say. We didn't get everything we ordered, and what we did get the Chicken and Fish were way over cooked and tasted like yesterday's left overs,  lucky if you got a full small hand full of fries which were also nasty!!! We live a good 20 minutes away from this location, which unfortunately is the closest to us...we'll never go back again!!! It's in with a Taco Bell...hope the Taco Bell is better than the Long John Silver's...~chicken fries taco bell... taco bell 
This is by far my favorite place to stay in Montreal.  It is an absolutely unique and charming B&B that serves some of the best breakfast food I've ever had.  It's located two blocks off of Sainte-Catherine, so you are right next to one of the larger touristy areas without having to worry about being kept up all night due to the drunken revelry taking place on said touristy areas.  The rooms are color themed (personally I love the white room as it has a hot tub that is at least as big as my queen-sized bed, as well as a really nice porch) and the place is crawling with art.  In addition to this, they also have free wi-fi, and the last time I went, our room actually came -with- a computer to utilize said wi-fi.  Seriously, if you are willing to spend a little more, this is absolutely one of the best B&Bs you will find anywhere. The staff is awesome, the rooms are awesome, the breakfasts are beyond reproach.    I wish I could live there.~white 
I've never been to a B&B before, but this experience made me want to go to one every time I travel.  Our hostess was hilarious (although I could easily see someone taking offense to her sense of humor) and made an amazing breakfast.    Our room was more beautiful than I could have imagined.  The pictures on the website give only a tiny glimpse to the beauty of the design! We were in the Blue room and we had a large sleigh bed with comfy blankets and pillows, a wall mounted CD stereo, a wall mounted television with built-in DVD player, a phone with directory, a mini-fridge with bottled water, a HUGE bathtub big enough for two, and our own fireplace.  They gave us one log for the fireplace, which was plenty for the night we were there. I think if you want more its like 5 bucks or something. Parking was scarce and we had to park in the back for an additional charge a night.   In the living room area there is a shelf full of DVDs, CDs and games to borrow.  The hostess also helped us find a place to order pizza, gave us directions to a store to get some sodas, and answered all of Chris' political questions: P    I didn't pay (thank you, dearest), but it's down one star for being a tad expensive.~pizza 
Maybe it was a blessing in disguise:  I arrived yesterday and tried to call to see when my room would be ready - phone goes straight to voicemail and the mailbox is full so I can't leave a message.   I arrived at the b&b exactly at check-in time stated in the email I received and no one answered the door after repeated rings of the bell and knocks on the window. I waited outside for over an hour hoping someone would arrive. No one ever did, and it was getting very hot outside so I left.   I am currently staying at another hotel now and still have not heard from anyone at Petit Prince- either to ask why I haven't checked in or in response to the many emails I have sent them requesting immediate response. The phone is still full and there is no other number to call. And they already charged me for my first night!   ---  Update: THE OWNER WENT ON VACATION! Thanks for totally forgetting that you had a booking, not leaving a message on your voicemail, and causing me to spend a fortune on another hotel last-minute since every other hotel was fully booked. Still no response in any way.   Depending on how all of this is resolved, I'll be posting more on this later.~bell 
Not a bad place to have a break in the mall. Coffee is a little expensive, but it includes a comfy seat, and wifi. I like this place.~coffee 
The flavour of the foamed milk atop the cappuccino resembles what I imagine styrofoam would taste like. After mixing the foam to combine it into the drink, it was not as styrofoam-like. I have not tried anything else here but will not be purchasing their cappuccino again unless the company reformulates.~milk 
Timothy's World Coffee is located at the lower level right outside of Walmart in Scarborough Town Centre.  Great place to meet up with your friends or people watching (I am not sure if the people here are too interesting though).  Pretty spacious with plenty of seating.  The most important is the WIFI sign always so strong and stable, the best hotspot in the Mall!~coffee 
Their cappucino's excellent paired with freshly baked butter croissant. Service is superb!~butter 
Uhm I bought a can of coke (355 ml) and a small generic bottle of apple juice here for $4.20. The bottle of apple juice is exactly the same size as the smaller ones in the dollar store. It wasn't organic or anything special. I asked for a receipt to see the price break down, never got one. I will never be back at this location.~coke ( apple apple 
My experience here has been nothing short of bad.  1) In line for 10 minutes. As soon as it's my turn, they close the cash register on me and tell me to go to another line...not even asking a fellow cashier to take me first. This happened at least 3 times to me before I quit going there.  2) During coupon promotion...friday night...supper rush at 7pm...only 1 cash opened. But of course, there's nobody telling the customers that, so the lobby is jammed-packed with people standing randomly all over the place and we don't know where to lineup. No crowd control.  3) They don't respond to complaints. My friends and I have written numerous times and even asked for a follow up. No such luck. McDonald's head office sends them the feedback but that's as far as it goes. This is a privately-owned franchise that couldn't give a rat's ass.  4) Not the cleanest lobby either. Saturday night at 10pm, there are burger wrappers, ketchup stains, and fries on the floor.  If you're a Brossard-er that really needs a McDonald's fix, then there is a new one at Dix30 and another one in the C-Section near the highway (behind Maxi). Those are likely better options. Wal-mart one is good too, but has a limited menu.~burger fries 
This MacDonald's is:  24 hours Has a drive through  That makes is a winner in my book.  This, along with Como's pizza and a&w la prairie are my go-to midnight food haunts in Brossard.~pizza 
This place happens to be attached to my office, so I come here semi-regularly. As is often my custom, I've only ever ordered one dish, the "spicy" Pad Thai. It has never one been spicy, but it's always been delicious.  Not amazing food, but good portions and reasonable prices.~thai. 
Eating at this restaurant is the only thing I miss about working in the Financial District. Okay, maybe getting a steady paycheque too. But other than that, I dearly miss not being able to enjoy their food on a regular basis.  If you want good Cantonese meals, come here. Be advised that the lunch hour is the most chaotic time. Expect a line up of people waiting to be seated from 11:45am to 1:30pm, respectively. But the restaurant does a great job at keeping the flow moving so you never have to wait long for a table.   If you prefer to eat outside or bring the food back to your desk, they have take-out.   The majority of the patrons are suits but don't let this deter you from going. It has a very relaxing atmosphere, and you get a variety of people who work in the area who want to enjoy a simple meal when not in Chinatown.  My friend and I would always share a plate of deep-fried squid (the best I think in the city), and stir-fried veggies. With a complimentary green tea and a pop, our order came up to $20. Also, their curry chicken dish and crispy noodles are excellent.   Try this place, you won't be disappointed.~tea chicken 
Nice station. Always clean, with very friendly staff. My husband regularly stops here for coffee and a snack on his way to work. They have a car wash, and there is a Redbox out front. PLEASE be careful pulling in and out of this location, however. The entrance drive is just not wide enough, and people turn in and out fairly far toward the middle. This leaves you open to being hit even if you are actually in your lane. Just a heads up.~coffee 
It's a brand new Circle K gas station right in front of Bi Lo. It's a very convent location right off of prosperity church rd. They keep it really clean/spotless. They have huge coffee bar in side with gigantic wall full of cooler where you would find varieties of soft drinks, energy drink, beers etc. They also have lottery and cigarettes. The lady at the counter was very friendly. I only stop by to get me some G on my way to volleyball on Saturday.~coffee 
Seit es den Junior Whopper gibt, ist jede Diskussion über Pro und Kontra Burger King sowieso hinfällig. Trotzdem ein paar warme Worte über die Filiale am Marienplatz:  - sehr gute Lage (vor allem nach zehn Bier in Treff bei Anna ist es sehr geschickt, sich hier noch eine Zwischengrundlage fürs Weiterziehen zu sichern)  - traumhafte Burger  - moderne, saubere Einrichtung  - mit Fenster für den Straßenverkauf In der Fressmeile Böblinger Straße gibt es jetzt einen Big Player  Hoons, aufgepaßt!~burger burger 
Man muss sich schon Fragen, ob die Angestellten in dieser Burger King Filiale zur Familie der Helicoidea (Landschnecken) gehören oder einfach nur starke Kiffer sind. Es dauert einfach ewig, auch wenn nichts los ist. Ansonsten gewohnte Burger King Qualität.~burger burger 
Ich habe da 2 mal essen bestellt und tatsächlich hat 2 mal was gefehlt , sehr ergerlich .und so Super hygienisch kommt es mir da auch nicht vor .ich finde das das Personal nicht richtig geschult ist . Es ekelt mich schon ein wenig an wenn ich nur dran vorbei laufe. Ich persönlich mag ab und zu Burger King oder Mc Donald aber in diese Filiale geh ich nicht mehr.~burger 
Für 3,99 € der King des Monats ist schon fast unschlagbar günstig. Long Chicken, große Pommes und 0,5 ltr Softdrink. Das Thekenpersonal hat uns fix bedient, alles auf sehr sauberen Niveau.~chicken, 
I only go to Applebee's for the less than 550 calorie meals.  The asiago peppercorn steak dinner is my favorite.~steak 
Terrible food. Straight from a Sysco freezer truck to the deep fryer to our table.  Nothing fresh at all.  The waitress tried getting us out as fast as she could even though the place was empty on a Wednesday night at 6 pm. Had the lime aid and was not aware that refills were not free. Barely one star!!~lime 
Holy Shrimp - I'm not sure if it's becuase Mardi Gras or because we're coming up to Lent, but there were 6 "new" shrimp options on the menu.  I didn't eat any of them, & this place was really no different than any other Applebees (except that someone opened the door upon arrival & closed it behind us).  They also had a nice touch to the "shamrock MD purchase" in that they advertised help for 1 specific boy & had pictures of him on the wall.~shrimp - shrimp 
This is not the best restaurant that I have been to the food was salty and the dessert was so big we couldn't eat it all and the food was done very sloppy. We came here on a Sunday night and there was nobody in the restaurant at all. We ordered 2 hot chocolates and somebody spilled it all. Then there was the soup. We ordered the french onion soup and it was horrible! I'm going to stop you there because the rest is the same. Way to much salt on some dishes and others were extremely bland.~onion 
We arrived February 11th at 6:00 and despite a moderate crowd, we had to wait a few minutes to be seated.  Not a big deal at first but turned out to be a good indication of what was to come:  server took awhile to get drink orders, and every step of the process was abysmal!  Waiter seemed to be totally inexperienced!  :(   soup finally came out cold but my wife had to walk it back because waiter never came to check on how it was!   And we had to ask where soup was cause it was supposed to come before the dinner.   Even getting the check was a hassle.  My wife had to find the waitervto get our bill!   The experience almost ruined the night for taking so long and ended up at McDonalds for coffee and dessert instead of here.   Food was otherwise not too bad.  Tomato basil soup, on 2nd try, was at least a full bowl (1st was maybe half full in small bowls) but tasty.  I had 550 cal sizzling chili chicken, (very small) side order of rice and beans which was at leasr cheap and wife had low cal chichen dish which she said was ok other than not liking how broccoli was cooked (too much of the garlic seasoning).  All in all: $50 was grossly too much to pay for the food and even moreso for horrendous service.   It took over an hour, maybe hour & 15 minutes!   STAY AWAY at least for dinner.   My wife works in Solon and has enjoyed quick lunch service at this location.~coffee tomato chicken, broccoli garlic 
A trend in reviews and comments I have heard in the restaurant.....bad food.  I like Applebees as a chain, but I've decided to not go to this one any longer.  I've had a few meals here with friends and family.  Almost always a meal is sent back because things are under or over cooked or very bland.  Cold shrimp, soggy fried shrimp and stale items on salads are just a few reasons I won't go here again.  Also, my last visit we did not send anything back to the kitchen, but two tables around us did.  Just not up to the standards that Applebees should be expecting.~shrimp, shrimp salads 
My buddy was DJing on Saturday night at Cin Cin so I headed out with some friends.  I had already ate so just got some drinks which were poured very kindly.  One of my friends got a penne pasta with chicken and chipotle sauce that he said was good and very spicy.  There was a decent crowd all night then at 2am a huge amount of people came in and it was really going for about an hour and a half till closing time.  Overall a cool little restaurant/club.~pasta chicken 
The only reason I gave this place 3 stars is a friend of a friend is part owner, and I respect that.   It's not my scene, and that I know, but decided to check it out since I was offered discounted drinks and food. How can you turn that down even in Old Town?  Still suffering from a hang over from the night before I order a gin and tonic, which is a sign I feel like shit. The drinks were nicely pored, and I can't say that's a norm, because I sorta had a connection here. I was a little hungry and split a chicken quesadilla with my friend, it was mediocre and boring. No flare, just straight up bland looking.  I immediately thought, "why not throw a little diced cilantro and red bell pepper on top for color?"  The crowd here is what you expect in old town, and the music is just rap and hip hop. I mean, this place can be cool, I think they should shoot for a lounge feeling with cool jazz and mellow music, and let the clubs do the club thing I think this is a starter place for most Scottsdillians prior to hitting Old Town and it's very small and quaint, so one douchebag can ruin the entire place.   I can see the potential of this place, and respect it, however it's truly not my thing.~chicken cilantro bell pepper 
is it a restaurant or a bar? i am not sure. we went there late night because we asked around and it was one of the few places that still advertised having a kitchen open, it seemed like over 70% of the menu was "sold out"......sold out form last week? we looked around the restaurant to see what everyone one was eating and it looked like food from everywhere in old town except cin cin kitchen. Joe's pizza looked good 2 guests were enjoying it and another table was eating cheesesteaks so we went to Philly Sandwich and wrote that place off as a huge waste of time.   attn. owner- spend less on the bouncing staff (gorillas) and put the money into keeping your kitchen stocked, would have loved to try the food....... if there was any....i can get a 9 dollar G&T any where in oldtown~pizza sandwich 
Cin Cin pronounced CHIN CHIN which means cheers in Italian!  This is a great little bistro type lounge. It is a posh little lounge with unique little decorations and a small patio great for small groups.  The food here is excellent the service is good and this place is never real busy so it is a nice place to enjoy a quick bite before you do the club scene so you don't get extremely wasted on an empty stomach, a great little starter place for you and some friends.  The location is great too, right across from the W and and down the street from Axis N Radius, Suede, and PCL. This is definitely a good spot to meet at for before binge drinking in old town.   I got a bottle of Pelgrino water and the stuff portabello mushroom, with the vinaigrette spinach. This was excellent probably one of the better portabello mushroom meals I have eaten around the valley.~mushroom, spinach. mushroom 
A great Brampton find for Italian food! I had my first visit earlier this week and I can't wait to go again.  Decor is a little outdated There is no bar area, or draft beer  Service was a little sparse at times But the food was great  We came here on a recommendation and we were told to just order off the specials board. And trust that you can find something for anyone on the board, including lots and lots of seafood! I was surprised it was so busy for a weekday night.  For apps we ordered: Spicy scallops and Portabello mushrooms  Scallops were perfection, loved the sauce and easy on the spice. Scallops were mixed with onions and beans with a side of greens. Definitely loved the beans for the different textures Wasn't too crazy about the cheese sauce the mushrooms were in though. I love mushrooms but wouldn't order this again.  Entrees were: Lobster linguini and Seafood risotto  Pasta was good, good portion. Personally I would've loved more lobster, but who wouldn't? Risotto was awesome. Came out super hot and had a generous portion of seafood (squid, scallops, mussels and shrimp) yum!~mushrooms greens. cheese mushrooms mushrooms pasta shrimp) 
My sibling had her birthday here on the weekend.  It looked like everyone else did too.  The place was jammed to capacity for the evening.  Very family friendly and very nice staff putting up with (specifically my family) customers and their orders/questions.  Too many specials to name - chalkboards are littered all over the restaurant to help you find something if you can't narrow down a meal on the menu.  To say the portions are large is an understatement.  I started with Spicy Scallops and the vessel was packed with spicy goodness.  Scallops had little flavour but the bean/spice mixture more than made up for that.  My pops ordered the 3" Osso Bucco (I luckily stuck with the 2") and the serving was the size of a small person's head: no lie.  Your choice of side (pasta, veggies or risotto) is equal to if not larger than the main. It was almost comical.  But crazy cheap for your portion size - you could easily eat three times with what you get.  The actual shank was not bad.    No beers on draft, but they carry Moretti.  They do have a wine selection, but not much of a bar.~pasta, 
Amazing food amazing service.. best Italian restaurant I have ever been to. Plates/Bowls are huge. Olive oil and bread on the table .. very nice.   The only Italian food that is better is my mother in laws real home made pasta and pepper sauce.~olive pasta 
Petsmart located in Woodbine/Hwy 7 is the usual location where I pick up some toys, some treats and some can food for my dog.  I really enjoy shopping there because the store is spacious so all dogs are welcome to drop in with their owners. Nothing beat a wet, snowy day when your dog has been indoors from all these time to go out and socialize with other people and dogs and shopping at the same time!  They do carry a few decent brand of dog food that I don't mind getting.. e.g Blue Buffalo (http://www.bluebuff.com/) and they have the oven baked cookies treats too...  Make sure you get the free Pet Perks card so you will get specials pricing for some of the products and they will mail you $5 off coupons once in awhile too!~cookies 
This shop offers a hodge podge of services/items.  They offer body wraps, 3 levels of UV tanning, and spray tanning.  When you walk into the lobby, there's a a shelf of tanning lotions and tanning related products as well as a sunglass tower and purses hanging on the wall.  The staff that works here is friendly and extremely casual....which is good and bad.  It's good that they remember your name and seem pleased to see you, but it's bad that they assume you don't mind waiting for them to finish a personal phone conversation before they assist you.  I've been tanning in their level 1 UV beds and am pleased with the results.  They only have two beds, but I've never had to wait too long.  They don't offer any of the "modern conveniences" of other tanning salons like stickers or built in radios, but the beds get you tan so what else can you ask for?!~wraps, 
The food was disgusting, waited 45 mins to even get our waters,  and my pas thai tasted like it came frozen out of a carton from trader Joe's.  Not good.~thai 
Lunch may be crowded and a bit slow as they get organized, but at dinnertime last Saturday, the restaurant was empty.  I've eaten here twice now and think it's a great find.  We had the sushi boat.  There was more than enough for two and all of it was super-fresh and delicious.  Park right around the corner on the side street.  .~sushi 
This gem just opened up a month ago. Sister restaurant to the one in Oakland (I've never been).   We both ordered Pad Thai (8 spicey) and Tom Yum Soup. FANTASTIC! Love seeing amazing food at very affordable prices, but even better to see it so close to where we live downtown.   A few things people may have contention with: the sushi bar is currently closed (but it's a Thai restaurant sooo...who cares?) and it is BYOB, which is fine because I have plenty of B I don't mind B'ing. That was really just a PSA for those who would like to know. If it changes I will update.   My recommendation: Don't pass this place up. It has a bit of class, and a whole lot of flavor!  (Just kidding about the "who cares" . Could always use another sushi bar, but it doesn't affect my score one bit!)~thai ( sushi thai sushi 
I ordered Red Curry with beef from the lunch specials.  It had lots of fresh vegetables, good quality beef, and a delicious red curry sauce that was just the right level of spicy (I ordered a 6 on a scale of 1 to 10).  My friend had chicken pad thai (spicy = 9), which she said was very good.  The space is pleasant and clean, and there are lots of booths.  My only issue is that with a fairly busy (not packed) dining room, there seemed to be only one waitress and she was quite busy.  We had a bit of a delay in getting our check.  Hopefully they will increase the staffing a bit to account for the downtown lunch rush.~beef beef, chicken thai ( 
I have had this place on my "must try" list for a while now and decided today was the day. When I walked through the door my first impression was "Wow, it's a lot larger on the inside than I thought it was." There was a bit of a crowd and at first I was going to wait to be seated but then I noticed that there was nobody at the bar so I parked myself there. I should add right here that yes, Thai Hana does have a bar but they do not stock it with any alcohol or beer. That was fine by me since I was on my lunch break and wasn't planning on drinking anything stronger than water anyway.  I was attended to right away with a menu and a glass of water with a lemon slice. A few moments later I ordered the Chicken Pad Woon Sen. It didn't take long afterwards for a salad to be placed in front of me. The salad consisted of some lettuce, cabbage and carrot strips dressed in a flavorful, slightly spicy, slightly vinegary, pasty texture dressing. I really liked the salad, the veggies were very fresh and crisp. Included on the side of the salad was one lone crisp on the outside, warm on the inside, crab ragoon.   I suppose it took about five or six minutes for the Pad Woon Sen to be served. It was a healthy portion that was visually appealing with a flower shaped carrot on the side. The spices, heat and flavors blended well with each other.  All said it was a very tasty lunch.   The bill came to $9.01 including tax, minus tip. As I was walking back to the office afterwards I was trying to determine if I thought that this place was as good as Nicky's Thai a few blocks away. They are both Thai cuisine and similar in that regard, but there were subtle differences between them such as the salad dressing, the presentation of the food, the overall layout and decor of the restaurant, etc.. I'm going to call it a Thai for now and say that you'd be happy with either choice. Maybe after a few more visits to each I'll come up with a clear and defined winner.~thai lemon chicken salad salad lettuce, cabbage carrot salad, salad carrot thai thai salad thai 
Relaxing!! Okay, so I admit.... I have had my fair share of facials, chemical peels, ipls, laser hair removal -- you name it I've probably done it!! So my friend refereed me to go here and it was my day off so what the hell? I'll gave it a shot...   Results?? AMAZING! Their esthetician is new to the office but doesn't seem new to the industry - She was knowledgeable with a very natural caring nature. I got the Pumpkin Peel Facial and not only was I in heaven over the massage but my skin was glowing when I left her office! Thanks Avea!   Also, she runs the front desk and the back room... kind of a nice change where I can sneak in and sneak out without a crowd full of people staring at my face with no make up on.. (not always the prettiest sight ha)   I purchased the sale 3 for $185.00 and I look forward to coming back for another pumpkin! She had mentioned that they also have two other locations that offer laser service as well as the Hydrafacial...that I hear... have not tried it yet... has amazing results! Its like a microderm with all kinds of moisturizing serums so my skin will leave feeling refreshed and renewed.. instead of dried and flaky like a normal micro.  All-in-all: Avea I will see you in 3 weeks time!  ********So Fresh and so Clean-Clean ;0)**********~pumpkin pumpkin! 
Nice local stop for breakfast or lunch. Inventive sandwich selections for those whose tastes run beyond the average meat and cheese on white. Yummy baked goods too!    As for the prices, I do find this a bit odd. Sandwich alone - 5.95, with a side (a few  chips, salad or soup) - 8.95.  Bag of chips beside register - 1.25 (a larger servings than the official side).  You do the math there. Honestly, I don't think 8.95 is too much for a combo lunch of this quality - not at all, I just think their pricing is a little off. They should maybe up the plain sandwich charge to around $7 (it would be worth it) and give you the side of chips free - and up charge for the other sides. But who am I to question?   Either way, Two on Earth is worth a stop.~sandwich cheese white. sandwich chips, salad chips sandwich chips 
We hit this spot at least once a month as I work down the street.  I have explored most of the sandwiches and I'm rarely disappointed.  Here is a tip, they will make any sandwich a panini.  I had the turkey sandwich on ciabatta and found it good but too bready, so the next time I asked if they could do it hot and viola...it's delicious as a panini.  Go for the sammies.....stay for the cupcakes.  The straight vanilla can't be beat.  Service is always pleasant.  This is a great gem in Pineville.  The only thing I can't get behind is the carrots. They are just odd.  Maybe pickled.  I dunno.  I sub it out with the pasta salad which is yummy.~sandwich sandwich cupcakes. pasta salad 
I really like the ambiance of Two on Earth and it is a place I'll go back to. However, the sandwich I got was totally not worth the money. My friend ordered a breakfast sandwich and it was bigger than my sandwich yet mine was twice the price. The quality of my sandwich was okay, not very tasty because there was hardly anything on the bread - hardly any meat, cheese or other fixings. I expect at least a little more than that for my money.  I really should have returned it. I know they were not trying to rip me off but that's the way I felt. When I go back I will order one of their bakery or breakfast items because they are a better value.   I saw an employee eating while she was preparing food. That is a huge "no no". I wanted to say something to the manager but I didn't. I really should have because my guess is that he/she would have wanted to know there is an employee doing that.~sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich cheese 
I wish every restaurant that had a change in ownership was required to post a sign to that effect on their front door. When the woman at the register proudly told me there was a new owner I suspected I was in trouble and unfortunately I was correct. The food which was previously terrific was mediocre at best. Unfortunately I got a couple of pastries to take home and they were not even mediocre. Unfortunately I'm gonna have to take this place off my list.~pastries 
Disappointed.  They try hard with healthier food options. Prices reflect that.  Had a coupon for a free beverage with item purchase.  As others mentioned food is microwaved.  Ordered a sausage, egg, cheese croissant.  Some of it was tasty, the rest ended up in the garbage. Overdone egg and...  The Charlotte Checkers called: they wanted their hockey pucks back. (i.e. stupid hard sausage.)  First time back in a couple years. Unsure of a return.~sausage, egg, cheese egg sausage. 
Got a groupon voucher for this restaurant, and they can always be hit or miss. Had never had thali food before so it was a new experience for us. We ordered two mains - chicken jalfrezi and tikka, and they came on two large trays surrounded by small dishes of different sides. Service was quick but the place was empty apart from 1 other table. Food was alright, nothing to rave about. I felt that the chicken wasn't of a particularly high quality so that was a bit of a let down. The pakora starter was alright as was the peshwari naan. The lentil and chickpea sides were nice. Wouldn't pay the recommended retail price of £40 a plate for this place. Our voucher was £16 for two and with a few extras on the night we paid about £25 - wouldn't pay much more for this meal.~chicken chicken 
Exceptional Indian food. Good service. Proportions just right. Good variety of starter, Nans, seafood, chicken and lamb. Disappointing the only Gin was Gordon's, wanted Bombay Saphire.  Exceptional Indian food, fair price, good proportions, good service. Delicious sea food, chicken, lamb dishes and sppetizers. Only disappointment is they only had Gordon's Gin, wanted Beefeaters or Bombay Saphire. Highly recommended.~chicken lamb. chicken, lamb 
Some friends and I came across Suruchi after an exam in the nearby Adam House.  We were all starving, tired and just fancied relaxing with a tasty meal.  Thankfully we found this place which offers great service and delicious, authentic Indian food at reasonable prices. The restaurant isn't the biggest and it has a really friendly, chilled out atmosphere with clean, neatly laid out tables.  The staff are all pleasant and they seem to take no time to get your food out the kitchen. I had the Butter Chicken with boiled rice and a naan bread which cost only about £10.  It tasted amazing when it arrived and we all agreed that we'd come here again any day.~butter chicken 
Suruchi is a friendly, and serious Indian restaurant with some fun Scottish twists on their menu.  I came here on my first night in Edinburgh in search of vegetarian fare - two other veggie places right down the street didn't pan out for various reasons, and Indian food is always a safe bet. I had an excellent Kafta Makahi dish, and when ordered with the spice level "as you would have it, please - I like spicy foods" - I was not dissatisfied. It was perfectly spicy without being overwhelming, and the flavor was excellent all around. Service was quick and pleasant, and the cook checked to see how everything was.  Price paid for a main dish, drink (Irn-Bru), and garlic nann was 13,00£  If you're looking for great Indian food at a reasonable price, and/or a wide selection of vegetarian options (including veggie haggis fritters.. what!) then give Suruchi a shot.~garlic 
I ate lunch here today, and I actually couldn't wait to get home and review it. Whether you see that as an indication of how good this place is, or of how sad I am is up to you... but you should definitely eat there before you decide.  We went for their 2-Course lunch deal for £5.95, as we just happened to be walking past and were given a flyer. We did not regret it... although I am now extremely full!  I usually steer clear of indian restaurants as I often find the food can be very greasy and stodgy, and very often it all tastes the same. None of that is true about this place: the starter is automatically brought to you (you don't get to choose it yourself), although the waiter did ask us if we were vegetarians first. He brought us thinly sliced potatoes which had been fried in a lovely combination of spices until crispy, although I'm not going to pretend for a second that I know what they were. Alongside these we each got a huge chunk of tandoori grilled chicken and an equally massive chunk of chicken marinated in their own unique spice blend, with a side salad and home-made raita.  I'm not sure if it was the selection of mains or my boyfriend's almond and saffron lassi which was the ultimate winner, but the mains definitely played a huge part in it: there was a buffet with 4 different curry dishes - a tadka dal, a tandoori lamb curry, a veggie sweet potato & spinach curry and the best one of all... chicken cooked with cashew nut paste, roast tomatoes, garlic and green chillies. Oh. Yes.  Of course, this all came with an unlimited supply of green salad, home-made mango chutney, 2 flavours of home-made poppadums and as much home-made naan bread as you can eat. As for the lassi, you need to go and try that for yourself - at £1.75 it's an absolute steal.  The best thing about all this was the bill. For two of us to eat more than, in all probability, was healthy for that time of the day, a lassi, a beer and large bottle of mineral water we paid just £17.  If you like indian food, or even think you might do but you're still not sure, I can't recommend this place highly enough.~chicken chicken salad almond lassi lamb sweet potato 
I think I might have to give this place another chance - I will provide my experience here, but I can't say if this is the norm.  Basically, I arrived before the rest of my fellow diners.  I didn't know if there would be four of five people in total, which apparently wasn't useful to the staff member, who instead of giving me a table which could potentially seat five, made me sit by the door until everyone else arrived.  It took a while for our waiter to take our orders, and when we finally received our food, I was not particularly impressed with what arrived, especially considering the prices.  I ordered the Navratan Kofta, and pretty sure I got the Palak Kofta Makhani instead...by the time we got our food, though, I was too hungry to send it back.  The dumplings were absurdly salty, to the point where I almost couldn't eat them.  On the other hand, my dining companions seemed to enjoy their dishes, including some tandoori shrimp.    After we finished eating, we wanted to order some desserts, but after waiting over 45 minutes to have our plates cleared (and even then we had to hail a waiter down to do that) we didn't have enough time, and just left.  I think I'll stick with the Red Fort around the corner from here.~shrimp. 
Average Indian Restaurant, I have both eaten here and had home delivery, and the food and service are both fine.  Most recently I had a Goats Cheese dish and Lamb Kadai with Garlic Nan, the 2 curry dishes should have been hot and spicy, they were medium hot - I think this is another Indian restaurant where they are afraid of making their dishes too hot - probably because the average British palate cant handle it - though I'm make assumptions here.  Price wise its fine also, I was £15 including tip - I can get cheaper closer to home, and of similar quality. I know Indian and Pakistani people who said this used to be a good Indian, so maybe they have changed ownership, or just taken their foot off the gas??~cheese lamb garlic 
If you are ever in the mood for a decent Indian meal, Suruchi is the place to go.  Situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, Suruchi is just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square and is a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach.  The restaurant looks pretty small from the outside, but inside it stretches back quite far and is able to accommodate a lot of customers.   Suruchi's menu offers a wide selection of authentic Indian cuisine and I ordered the seafood soup to start which was truly amazing - made with really fresh ingredients and tasted super fresh - yummy! I then had the butter chicken for my main which was equally as amazing and the chicken was cooked perfectly and there was no excess layer of oil on the sauce which I sometimes find with Indian dishes. There are warnings on the menu indicating which dishes are mild and which are hot which always gets a big thumbs up from me as you won't get your head blown off by an unexpected chili.   The prices are really reasonable here with most main meal curry's costing about six pounds, and there is a lunch deal available too where a two course meal costs £6 - what a bargain! Suruchi is a really great Indian restaurant serving beautiful food and it is definitely worth a visit.~butter chicken chicken 
I've been using this place ever since I moved to Edinburgh 4 years ago. It doesn't like much from the outside, in fact the entire shope is squeezed into one tiny little room, but it's definitely a case of quality over quantity.  I come here to get my cartridges refilled; I always knew it was cheaper to refill than buy new ones, but I never realised how cheap until I used Capital Cartridges - I paid £9.50 in total for both my colour and my black and white, and the guy can't have taken more than 5 minutes to do it.   While he was doing that, I had a (quick!) browse and although I'm no computer expert it would seem that this place stocks literally every possible accessory you could ever need for you computer. They had everything from the most bling, sequin-encrusted mouse I have ever seen (I'm fairly sure if Jordan could work a computer she'd have one of these), to at least 15 different types of A4 printing paper, and everything in between. I think I'll be popping back in soon to get myself a webcam, they  had some great value ones in that I spotted on my last visit.  If you're a student, take you're snapfax - you'll get 50% discount on your first visit and 25% discount after that. Although it's such good value anyway you'll almost feel a bit mean asking for it!~white, 
This small unassuming takeaway (there is a dining space however there are no facilities) produces some tasty Indian food and the portions are generous. I particularly like the tandoori chicken biryani (the chicken in this is cooked fresh when you order), though the curries are also flavorful, if fairly standard Indian fair.  In the area you can't go far wrong with Taj Express, the food is tasty and there is plenty of it.~chicken biryani ( chicken 
i received a leaflet under my door from Taj Express, and normally I just throw them away because I hate junk mail, but I hadn't had an Indian for ages and the temptation got the best of me and I am so glad it did!  Taj Express offer a wonderful, tasty curry at very respectable prices. I ordered a chicken balti, which was delicious and you get a generous serving. I also ordered naan bread which was cooked to perfection, and not too greasy, unlike most Indian restaurants.  What's more is that if you spend over £15 you get free delivery which is great, the delivery time was quite long at 40 minutes, but the quality of the food more than made up for this.~chicken 
The positives: the chicken pita and fries were great The negatives: the tables, chairs and ledge next to the window were disgustingly dirty The host was too into the game to seat us. "Pick a booth" my family and I were told. The waitress forgot my drink and got the kids' drinks wrong.  2 stars is generous. Other Arahovas were better.~chicken fries 
I buy gifts from here for birthdays, Mother's Day, Easter, and home decor. This store carries a wide variety of items for all ages. There's even a selection of fancy shaver sets for men, plus more. I buy Bbq sauces for gifts, and the reviews are yummy. There's jams, pasta and teas + in the back of this cute shop. There's so much to look at when you enter this place. Bring your piggy bank 'cause you gonna spend! It's pricy but worth it.  Parking in the back and walking to this place is going to be about 3 minutes. I never pay for parking when I go during the day time when people are working, just make sure you check the signs.   There's lots to do in this area so enjoy. The Tea Room across the street is THE PLACE, so check it: Robinson Bray.~pasta tea 
I would like to start off by saying that I'm not a typical yelp blogger.  This is actually by first but surely you'll understand by the time in done,  why I felt the need to write this review.    I went into Dr.  Bartells office today to let him know I'd no longer be his patient after finding out that the hormone therapy he had me on was literally turning me into a man.  I'm a 33yr old woman who had a hysterectomy ands sought out hormone treatment.  Dr.  Bartells assured me he knew exactly what I needed.  I've been on testosterone for nine months and never once did he bother to monitor me despite complaints that I wasn't feeling well.  I found out after selling a second opinion and blood work,  that I am post menopausal and have zero estrogen.  I've suffered physically , mentally and emotionally.  Today, as I stated,  I went in to speak with the doctor and my mom and sister came with me for support.  After asking politely,  twice to see him,  the police showed up to his office and escorted the three of us out and threatened to arrest us because the women at the desk told them we were yelling and screaming and causing problems.  The only thing that saved us was the fact that we knew we'd have some issue so we recorded everything from the moment we walked in till the police left.  After questioning the lying group of women who work for the doctor,  the police decided to questing the patients that were waiting and one woman let them know that the staff had flat out lied.   Needless to say,  the doctor never came out nor did his office manager who made the call to the police,  despite not having even been there to witness any of this.   Just a side note.  I am a black woman as are my mother and sister and when asked by the office staff why we were there,  were treated as sub standard people.  The police were no different until we showed the video to them.  I strongly feel had we been three white women,  Dr Bartells and his staff would never have done that.  People make it known everyday that racism is very much alive and well.~white 
Schöner Raum, schönes Licht, interessante, etwas versteckte Lage. Immerhin dürfte auch das Interieur noch von PO MO Architekt James Stirling gestaltet worden sein. Hier kann man sich nachmittags mit jemandem treffen und sich ungestört unterhalten, das gibt es so zentral selten. Das Parken des Tesla Roadster ist schwierig und teuer. Einmal kam ich im Sommer nachts vorbei, da gab es leidenschaftlichenTango Tanz draussen. Oder war es Salsa ? Jedenfalls Riesen Andrang junger Paare und  atmosphärische Stimmung im Halbdunkel. LEIDER hat das Restaurant seit Juni 2013 einen NEUEN Pächter: Das Essen ist seither sehr durchschnittlich und einfallslos. Der Innenraum wurde muffig provinziell modifiziert. Bauernschrank, Omas Küchenherd und unzählige alte Keksdosen verschandeln den attraktiven post-modernen Raum. Was Architekt James Stirling wohl hierzu sagen würde ?~salsa ? 
This place just opened a few months, I was so impressed by Zen's buffet in Chandler,  a few friends and I decided to check this out also. At a glance, it is pretty typical of another Chinese super buffet; large varieties of everything, very good selection. However, when compare to the one in Chandler, This Zen is definitely two steps behind.  Since this is new, it is clean, it is expected.  I've noticed many dishes are "deep fried" rather than "Stir fried", I also noticed, many dishes are SOAK - BATH in oil. Far more so than other Chinese buffets I've been to ( greasy, that's the word I was looking for). Other than too GREASEEEY, it is pretty much the same as other Chinese buffets. I ate heavenly on the Salad and desert section, it is very fresh - no grease.  Over all its not too bad, just don't set your expectation hi, don't look for anything new,  or exciting.   What you will find is  a typical Chinese buffet  food.~salad 
If you are looking for a QUICK Chinese buffet, then check out ZEN. If you are expecting fancy, gourmet Chinese food, then go to PF Changs.  They transformed the former Bill Johnson's building into a lovely nine-station Chinese Buffet restaurant with SUPER friendly service. The staff (and customers I kept bumping into) were all very nice and cordial.  The food is not authentic Chinese...I would say more American-Chinese tasting. Zen is your typical, average Chinese buffet place.    There is a variety of the more popular Chinese dishes, a dessert station, all fruit station, sushi station, and soups, etc... There are MANY fried foods too.  I'm very leery about eating at Buffets (esp Chinese Buffets). It was pretty busy during a weekday lunch hour and the foods were at their proper temperatures. Clean restroom (a good sign).~sushi 
It felt like it took this place forever to open. When it did, I was disappointed in the very bland atmosphere; it looks like there was a garage sale with awkward and mismatched paint and outdated dining sets. And the music? Well, there was none. It was almost uncomfortable just being there! The food wasn't bad, but it was by no means on the high side of good. I prefer Shanghai Buffet, which is just a little further East on Bell; it has better food and a MUCH better atmosphere! Sorry Zen!!!~bell; 
I am generally not a fan of buffets. I tend to eat more than I need. We drive by this location several times a week and decided to see what it was like. I was surprised. I sampled small proportions of most of what was offered. I started with the sushi. The Ahi and Salmon was tender and tasty. The pieces were small. Remember this is a buffet not a sushi restaurant. The quality of the sushi was surprisingly good. Now for the rest of the food. It was hot, plentiful, and tasted good. They have a good variety, from frog legs to pizza. The restaurant was clean and everyone was exceptionally nice. If your glass started to get low someone was there to fill it. Dirty plates were picked up quickly.  If you are into buffets I don't see how you could be disappointed. Would I recommend? Yes. Would I go back. Yes. Most people go to a buffet to eat lots of food. Zen Buffet has that. Lots of food and quality was good.  So why did I give it 3 stars and not 4? I will never be a fan of a buffet.~sushi. salmon sushi sushi pizza 
Rihanna pumps out of the sound system all day long. Loud, filled with Concordia students, and always warm, this is my perfect study environment.   It's joined with a sushi shop at the other end of the room, great for when the sushi cravings hit mid study. The baristas look like they should be working in a bar, and for some reason the bathroom is always out of order. Lots of tables, plugs, the ambience is great although they do close fairly early compared to other cares in the area.~sushi sushi 
Stopped in for a frozen frappé on a hot day. My raspberry with lime was a little artificial tasting, but it was certainly refreshing (~5$).   There's a TV blasting current events.  People could definitely spend some time here working on the basic tables. It's not particularly comfy, but there's plenty of seating.~lime 
Fail.  Came here for iced tea. Why is it so difficult to find iced tea? Anyways, I asked specifically if they can make an iced tea, was told yes. So after telling them the two teas and sizes I needed, they brewed them in their appropriate hot cups and then handed them to me. I asked if there was ice for them "ohh yes!"  So she pulls out this tiny little plastic cup, maybe MAYBE half the size of what the hot cup was and said "this is all we have for iced tea" it was literally a sip. So it being all hot and steamy i just said fine, and watched as she poured all of the tea down the sink to put just a little in these tiny cups.   Anyways, the rest of the cafe seems like a nice place to hang out in.  I think i am all set unless its hot tea.~tea. tea? tea, tea" tea tea. 
Aya & Peilas is new in the sense that they have re-opened since 1988.  It is on the corner of 17th Ave and Van Buren, just west of the the Circle K.  A stack of menus were hand delivered by the family who owns Aya & Peilas to my office building just down the street and we went and tried it out.  We did take out, but they do phone orders and dine in.  There are about 2 booths and 2 tables in there, it's small and warm but very clean.  There were state employees inside ordering lunch to go just like we were.  A & P has some good deals on the lunch combos.  They are only $4.95.  I got the taco, enchilada and tostada.  Not bad, pretty good and for less than $5, can't beat it!  It is a glorified 'ertos type restaurant.  The family owners and employees seem very nice.    Other workies got some lunch too and they were happy with it.  It's nice to have a new spot to grab some grub while at work!  Oh and they have navajo tacos and Indian fry bread on the menu---- YUMMMM!~taco, tacos 
Standing in the suicide lane I contemplated if it was worth risking my life to walk to this place for lunch.  The menu here is a bit more eclectic than the average betero's. It has burgers, fish n' chips and even hot dogs on the menu.  I went with a more original item, a cactus burrito. the staff was nice enough to let me know that the usual red sauce had meat init and they left that out. I ordered some chips with my meal too.  It was the best cactus burrito I ever had, and the only, it is supposedly healthy and not too bad. (4.25) The chips were wonderful  but a bit pricey at $1.25.  Drinks are limited to cans and bottles so getting you food to go and getting a drink at the adjacent circle K is recommended.  There were a few homeless people enjoying a High gravity malt liquor' out on the patio, but that just comes with the territory don't let that scare you away.~burgers, chips hot dogs burrito. chips burrito chips 
UPDATE*** I went here last night for my favorites, and I'm sad to say its has closed down. :( Hopefully they are moving and planning to reopen.  I loved this little place. It is one of those little places that you might never even notice, but once you go there, you'll love it. Great little wine list, and amazing French food. I had the Onion soup, which was perfect. Then The escargot. I loved it.  and then the cheese plate which came with 3 or 4 cheeses and some fruit. Also very good. I will be going back for sure. And the owner was very friendly and actually took our order himself. I highly recommend it if you like French food.~onion cheese 
Bonjour Bistro which used to be Bonjour, a causal french restaurant is now in the shopping center anchored by Las Vegas Athletic Club. Do not let the meat market workout place detour you from a fantastic meal at this family owned spot. Walk in to this place and I feel far away from the chain restaurants of Las Vegas and comfortably at home eating all the wonderful things a casual French bistro has to offer. I always order a Ricard (a Provencal drink, one of my favorites, from my days in Paris), or the cheese for dessert. Eat here, eat here often!!!~cheese 
We ate here for the first time today, and what a great experience!!!!    The owner (Bernard) is a very laid back guy, and he chatted with us for over 15 minutes.  The place is very kid friendly, and my 15-month old loved all of our food.  The wine list is very small, but we had a great bottle of wine for less than $40--try finding that at a similar resto on the strip!    The vibe here is very laid back, and the food was excellent:  * The crab cakes were very good, and the portion size was huge.  * The spinach salad was very good (I love it when they cut the stems off the spinach leaves).  The goat cheese and dressing on the salad complemented each other very well.  * The country pate was good, although a minor demerit for not serving toasted bread with pate.  (Their regular bread is great, however).  * The filet and the pork were very tender and cooked perfectly--didn't even need our steak knives.  We can't wait to go back once the weather cools off to take advantage of their awesome patio!~spinach salad spinach cheese salad pork steak 
Dining here was a great experience.  Like other reviewers have said, this place is easy to miss. But once you have been there it is impossible to forget!  I had the French onion soup, which was wonderful. The escargot was delicious, and the cheese plate did not disappoint. For dessert we had the profiteroles, and they were super yummy too!  Everyone was very friendly, and it was overall a great experience. I definitely recommend this restaurant!~onion cheese 
Met today at the Commercial Center for a meet/networking luncheon to encourage NV small business owners. Already knew the once previously dilapidated shopping ctr where one goes for really good thai food (but the name escapes me at the moment). anyway. We went to give a shout out to the LGBT community and other alternative lifestyles that could utilize the business im in (wch is IVF,in vitro fertilization and other ways to help conceive) aka helping people have wanted babies. 12 bucks and alot of business cards in hand paid for a decent meal provided by the local restaurant. I also learned alot about the long forgotten (but still active and lively) arts district who is so instrumental in preserving the OLD las vegas everyone comes to see but may have been imploded b4 their last visit. This is strictly a review of the mtg, not the restaurant, nor those who showed up. In all, if you're an author, sculptor, or small business owner and want the forum to actually have the mike long enough to say something to promote your business and talk about what you have to offer, this is is a great forum to do so AND meet people one-on-one who could easily send clients your way. Annual membership runs around 85 bucks, but don't quote me.  But the lunch price of 12 dollars goes along way toward promoting your business and makes you really feel like you you're really welcome and belong to the vegas community of "locals".  P.S. added bonus! Frank Marino and his mom were present along with one of the all-time premier Elvis impersonators. All in all, a productive, power-packed $12 lunch. P.S.S. choices of food were shrimp fajitas, beef quesadilla, chicken salad, had the quesadilla, actually came out en masse but served hot, salsa with chips was mild at best, but think this place also doubles as a salsa dancing club 2x/week. If you want more info, yelp pm me. who knew, i was pleasantly surprised at the 200+ turnout. our table filled up quickly. translation that was not lost on me: there are alot of hungry vegas entrepeneurs out there whose one song is to bring vegas back to what it once was.~thai shrimp beef chicken salad, salsa chips salsa 
This is the BEST pool and spa service in the Valley! I got their info from NPS, and gave the a call to get a quote on a new heater installation and salt water conversion as well as monthly service. His price was better than anyone elses, and he always kept us up to date on the installation schedule.   We had a full backyard makeover and he worked with the other contractors to make sure his portion was completed on schedule. His work was great, and made sure he cleaned up after himself and explained how each of the systems worked. We did run into problems with another contractor doing work at the same and he went above and beyond to make sure it was taken care of.   Such a great company to work with...they WILL give you the highest level of service available-- no questions asked.~date 
For a place that is labeled Asian Fusion, the General Tao I was given on the lunch menu certainly lacked a fusion of flavor! Sure the texture of the meat was OK but the sauce was off and held no zest or impact to my taste buds. It felt I was served food that somehow lost its purpose once it got into the cook's hands.  Perhaps it was my mistake to take the General Tao and should have went with the sushi but the sushi prices are pretty stiff going, 5 pieces of sushi for $12? No thanks. $2 more and I can go AYCE elsewhere. Maybe they excel in Sushi and just have the generic Quebec stir-fry options that people around these parts tend to go for. The lunch menu wasn't overly exciting.  Service was very slow and my lunch consisted of a soup, main dish and jasmine tea. The soup was their generic chicken broth (won ton was $2 more... really??) and I can't comment on the jasmine tea, I never got it since we didn't see the waitress the last 20 minutes and had to rush back to work.  No thanks.~sushi sushi sushi sushi jasmine tea. chicken jasmine tea, 
never really had sushi at this restaurant before but for some reason, everything else is great especially their Sizzling Filet Mignon which caught many wonderful curious attentions. The whole restaurant draw their eyes on the smokes of the plate as it was coming to my table which was really kool. The setting was nice and warm. The service was very welcoming. Most definitely coming back soon and also bring your own wine.~sushi 
Good and quality Asian dishes!  Great portion and very tasty! I personally love their sushis and I always have to get their lemon grass soup. It's also a bring your own wine restaurant, perfect for dinner but they also do take outs!~lemon 
I came here with fellow Yelper Jason (the unofficial crowned King "la roi de Laval" ). It's an honour and pleasure of dining with his highness the right venerable King of Vimont. You see boys and girls if you need a restaurant recommendation Jason is your pimp daddy as he has hundreds of bookmarks in Laval. PM him with questions as I'm a mere amateur in understanding of food establishments in the fair sister city of Laval.    Sorry for the detour......back to the review.   They did have a lunch menu. Lunch here as either sushi or noodles? Based on a quick review of their menu I decided to go with a Chicken Pad Thai. The lunch came with a fairly typical light soup with veg and noodles. It was okay. For the main course was a fairly generous serving, minimal amount of chicken and veg and I'd concur it was closer to Quebec stir fry than a tangy tamarind based Pad Thai. It's really hard to find a good PT in Montreal and Quebec. Bangkok in the Fauborg downtown probably does the best version. Otherwise many places do their own stir fry and call it Pad Thai. Not to sound like a Willy Nilly.....but spicy fragrant, flavorful Thai food is nearly non existent in this province. Most places call them selves Asian fusion but it's more mixed menu dishes/ QC stir fry then Asian fusion in my mind.   Decor of the restaurant was clean, comfortable with nice large windows. I ask myself would I come here again? My answer is possibly......but I wouldn't rush here because of a developed craving. It's a shade above mediocre in my mind.   Service was a tad slow based on one server only being present at lunch hour. It wasn't terrible but not overly attentive. Overall a so-so experience.~sushi chicken thai. chicken tamarind thai. thai. thai 
Overpricy, the food wasnt that good, the avocado were expired and the waitresse was alone for 20 tables... Not a good experience.~avocado 
This place is one of the cleanest Filipino restaurants I have seen in Toronto. This place serves food that epitomizes homestyle Filipino cooking, and they do this consstently well. My favourites include:  Beef calderetta - a thick rich beef stew that features chunks of beef gently simmered in a luscious tomato based sauce.  Pork barbecue Filipino style - pork chunks on a bamboo skewer is marinated in a sweet-salty-spicy-tangy blend and grilled to juicy perfection! Absolutely deelish with a side rder of rice and the grilled eggplant salad. Binagoongan - chunks of pork cooked in a blend of garlic, to ate, salted shrimps and soy sauce. Ths ain't diet food baby! Halo halo - dessert that defies description. This is the perfect treat on a hot summer day. Fresh Lumpia - lightly sautéed, savoury, crisp-tender vegetables wrapped in an oh-so-tender crepe, bathed in a delightful garlic based sauce. Very similar to Malaysian Poh-Pia.  Turin - imagine this: sweet ripe plantain slices and sweet jackfruit slivers wrapped in spring roll wrapper, lightly kissed with brown sugar and deep fried to a crispy, sticky, caramelized perfection! This is a traditionalafternoon snack and at Kapit Bahay, is always sold out by 5 pm. Very reasonable prices and friendly service.~beef beef beef tomato pork pork salad. pork garlic, shrimps soy sauce. garlic plantain jackfruit brown 
We live about a 5 minute drive from this place, it's very handy. The food is very good when we don't have time to cook, or want to grab a side of something. We love their "turon" banana fritters especially when they're still hot. They catered our daughter's birthday party, and the food was a hit with the guests.~banana 
- great find. cafeteria style dining with pre-made magical goodness with a tiny grocery section for filipino import items - they have about 12 to 15 different choices... lots of PORK!!!! also have plenty of chicken and veggie options. - very friendly owners with recommendations for the folks who need the direction - is quite a steal @ rice + 2 sides for $6.99 (includes a drink) - chicken adobo is great... pak siw (pork belly braised in a sweet sauce) is even better. oh man. i'm so going back.~pork! chicken chicken pork 
Based on Yelp reviews and the sheer proximity to home ground, I decided to make an impromptu stop at Kapit Bahay for some take out.  I picked up some pancit, beef adobo, the baby squid in vinegar sauce and one other pork dish I can't recall.  I have to say that I've only had Filipino food at one other place (Bella's Lechon) so I am by no means an expert in this cuisine.  With that said, the pancit was very good.  I find the use of both thick and thin noodles used for this dish quite interesting.  I'm definitely a noodle lover whether fried or in soup.  Kapit Bahay's pancit was well fried with all the ingredients mixed in without lumpiness.  The mildly flavourful noodles were right up my alley and I will definitely come back for these babies.    Then there were everything else.  The beef adobo was very ho- hum at best.  I tasted too much sweetness (is it supposed to be like that?) in the slightly spicy thick tomato based sauce with the chunks of beef (too much gristle for my liking) along with carrots, potatoes..etc.    The baby squid in vinegar sauce was too vinegary.  I know, I know....it is supposed to be in a vinegar sauce.  But I'm making an honest comparison to the same dish I had over at Bella's Lechon and I have to say, Kapit Bahay's version was too vinegary for me.  Bella's Lechon makes the same dish that tasted more pleasant, almost like the baby squids were cooked in their ink.  I will return to Bella's Lechon if I wanted to have the squid dish not to Kapit Bahay.  The pork dish....was, well, just oily.  There was a pretty think layer of oil by the time we got home to eat it.  Don't get me wrong, I heart pork belly as much as the next guy/gal but staring at that think layer of artery clogging oleaginous liquid....I couldn't bring myself to eat more than just one piece.  To be honest, I can't even tell you what it tasted like.    All in all, I liked one dish out of the four we took home so I think 2 stars is pretty fair.  Oh, and we did take 2 chicken patties to go and they were also too sweet.  Again, I'm not sure if they're supposed to taste like that but if so, I guess I wouldn't be ordering them again.~beef pork beef tomato beef ( potatoes.. pork pork chicken 
POSITIVE FEEDBACK: - FOOD:  It is actually good. Not the best I've had since the best Filipino cook I know is my mother, but yeah they are good enough. My fave picks would be their Bicol Express (spicy, coconut milk and shrimp paste based stew, garlicy, gingery and porky goodness) and their Kare Kare (peanut sauce based stew, sweet and balanced with salty fermented shrimp paste, with morsels of meat and pieces of veggies) - LOCATION: It is so close to my house!  RANT: - I do not understand this particular ideology and ethic of running a food joint and this is notorious among a lot of Filipino cafeteria style restaurants I know, except for COFFEE IN (which is definitely my favourite).   I really do not understand why they SKIMP on the portions of their food. In Tagalog, "Nagtitipid". I do not understand it at all. I always poke fun of the way they carefully count the amount of morsels of pork they put in your takeout container or how much rice they put. It's like they have Parkinson's Disease or something when they scoop the food into your container, shaking constantly, nervous that they might put too much. For the amount they charge too, they have the nerve to do this.   I was going to give this place at least 3 stars, but the whole deprived acting ways and desperate ways to cut food costs is just so embarrassing and really bad. And PORK does not even cost a lot compared to any other meats, so I do not understand where the desperate cost saving stinjyness is coming from.   //Rant over.  Not coming back. Food taste good, but no. Not coming back,~coconut milk shrimp shrimp coffee pork pork 
I was really excited when this nail salon opened up so close to my house. I booked an appointment for 11am (opening time) today (Saturday May 5 2015). I showed up a few minutes early and waited a few more minutes past 11am but it doesn't look like someone is gonna show up.  I called the salon's number and a woman picked up (I assume she's the owner) and I told her I have an appointment at 11am but it doesn't look like the place is open. She said "Oh sorry, I told my girl that you'd be there at 11am. It seems like she's gonna be a bit late, the subway isn't running or something." which rather vague and nonchalant especially when you know you have an appointment right at opening time.  I told her I understand that things happen but the area that we're in, there is NO WHERE I could go to kill time. I asked how long she will and she said maybe 30 mins. I said what am I supposed to do for 30 mins (There's not even a coffee shop close by...if you know the area you know what I'm talking about).  She said she's sorry and she's gonna call her 'girl'  now and will call me back in 2 mins. I said ok and waited about 5 more minutes but feel really uncomfortable just standing there in front of the salon and walked home.  She never called back.  Look, I understand shit happens but when you said you'd call back, I expect you to; even if just to tell me you can't reach your person but will call me when she's actually at the salon.  Unforeseen events are part of doing business. It's not so much the situation as much as how you deal with it. I can't really rate their actual nail service because I'll never know. What a shame because I could have easily been a repeat business.~coffee 
Stumbled on this little Gem on the Danforth. Cozy & clean with a friendly Staff that spoke English. Big bright windows and the Free Wifi was a Bonus! Got a Free Coffee on my way out the door...  It had a "Cheers" - Where everyone knows your name" kind of feeling. I'll be repeating.~coffee 
I visited  Toronto last week and came across this new place! Got my nails done and scored some free coffee too! The workers were super friendly and the salon is very clean and sleek! Wouldn't hesitate to go back.~coffee 
Love a quick smoked meat sandwich on Layover in Montreal. My Grandpa would be proud. He always said the best meat is in Montreal.~sandwich 
Went here a while back and will never go again.  I ordered an onion soup, which tasted like liquid charcoal and when I mentioned this to the waiter I got a shrug & a mumbled "sorry you didn't like it" and with that he was gone (like a disinterested ninja), worse thing is is that our table already paid (One of the "disadvantages" of arriving late to a large group of friendly people that decided to pay for us) so there wasn't much leverage for me to get some more acknowledgement for my issue.   So since I like tasty food and decent service I have to come to the conclusion that I severely dislike this place.~onion 
I love Moe's. It's one of my favourite places to eat, especially during the summer, sitting outside in the sun on their big terrace.  The beer is good and inexpensive. Try out their smoked meat, in my opinion it's better than Schwartz's (which is overrated anyway).  Great selection of food, from angel hair pasta to pizza, to their Moe's burger.  Seating is comfortable, your choice between booths and regular tables. Sit near a screen and watch the hockey game!  Bring some friends and enjoy!~pasta pizza burger. 
This review is for the airport location which to a non-native Montrealer is probably awful, but for someone from Wash DC whose first introduction to smoked meat was at Moe's in the airport....this place will always be great.  I know it's probably not as good as "real" smoked meat from one of the authentic deli's in town, but when I crave smoke meat this is what I think of since it was my first experience.  I'm pretty sure I offended all of Quebec when I described my first sandwich as being like a shaved hot dog after my first bite, but since then a Moe's smoked meat sandwich has almost become reason enough to but a roundtrip ticket from DCA to YUL.  If you've never been to YUL and have 30 minutes to kill, go here and order the smoked meat sandwich and you'll probably understand.~sandwich hot dog sandwich sandwich 
I came here on my way to the Jardin Botaniques after reading Gen. M's review. My girlfriend and I had tried (and loved) Schwartz's and I decided to see if it really was better. We ordered their medium smoked meat sandwiches (she ordered the normal and I got the jumbo fatty size) with water. The plates were packed with goodies. My plate had two giant stack of meat with two sad little pieces of bread, trying to hold it all in, some home-style fries and coleslaw with half a pickle and a picked pepper wedge. The other plate was exactly the same, only with a bit less meat. It's hard to say if it was better than (or as good as) Schwartz's because we were famished, but I think it was quite respectable. If I go back to the Jardin Botanique and crave some smoked meat, this place would do the trick just fine. Don't come here expecting the same ambiance as the other place, you'll be disappointed, but if you're looking for more room, more time (you're not rushed out the door once you finish) and a bit more ambiance, this place might be for you. I think the bill came to 30$ for both of our meals all in.~fries 
I work nights so I typically will find this place convenient.  I'll avoid this McDonald's at night.  Ice cream machine is always broken in the evening/late night so no milkshakes.  ALWAYS BROKEN.  They seem to have some of the slowest service too.  The cashier is fast though.  They're cheap in the fries.  I don't expect overflowing but at least fill the container with the "normal" amount.  If I wanted a small fries I would have asked for that.  Don't come here between 330am and 430am because their "system" has to come down for maintenance.  They only take cash and I don't trust them enough to provide the right price.~ice cream fries. fries 
Overview: This McDonald's is the closest McDonald's to the Charlotte Douglas Airport and the most convenient fast-food restaurant (tied with Wendy's next door) to eat or wait before or after an airport pickup. It offers both drive-through and dine-in options, and prepares your food faster than you can count the change to pay for your meal.  The Establishment: This McDonald's does not have a playpen but is very clean and has plenty of seating. I have never had to wait for a table, and the lines move very quickly. Good amount of parking, and close to a streetlight for easy an easy exit to back to the airport.  The Food: The same sloppy McDonald's assembly, but gosh I do love how the burgers taste. I always get some kind of burger variant (Big Mac, double-cheeseburger, etc) and I am never disappointed. The quality control between individual McDonald's chains makes it a safe bet if you actually enjoy McDonald's food. Pricing is on-par with other North Carolina McDonalds' and cheaper than anything you can find at the airport.  The Service: Slightly disgruntled looking employees but that food comes out so darn fast it doesn't matter.  Overview: This McDonald's is clean, in a great location close to the CLT airport, and has good prices. While my aunt was sad that they don't have regional specials like the double-jalapeno cheeseburger, I cannot fault McDonald's for their taste. It's processed flour, ultra-processed meat, and high starch goodness.~burgers burger jalapeno 
I have seen better and I can't say that I've seen worse. This is a very small McD's with only a few tables inside and a couple outside. Watching the crew for a bit, they seemed to be taking quite a while to get orders together and get people out the door. I wouldn't recommend this one if you're in a rush.  It has the usual stuff of McDonald's - a Coke fountain, ice tea urns and napkin dispensers but ketchup only in packets. Credit card machines have the touchless sensors if your card supports that.  On the plus side, the dining room is open 24 hours and they have three power outlets next to bolted-down tables and chairs. The wifi works well and the parking lot is well lit. There is a TV but it wasn't on when I was here.~coke tea 
Hola, Bienvenido a McDonald's.  This is the absolute WORST McDonald's that I have EVER been to in my LIFE!   First off, the health grade never seems to be better than a 94 (http://mecklenburg.digitalhealthdepartment.com/facilities.cfm?facilityID=316649.)  Don't even bother ordering anything that will differ from the way the employees are trained to make it - forget about extra pickles, hold the onions, no ketchup, add mustard - it WILL NOT HAPPEN AT THIS MCDONALD'S!!!  One day, a man ahead of me at the counter simply wanted a PLAIN cheeseburger - JUST CHEESE AND MEAT!  He sent it back 2 times because they kept making it wrong.  Really?  Bread, cheese, meat - that's it.  How hard can it be??  When my simple little ole iced coffee came out wrong (after they had overcharged for it!) that same man smiled at me and said "Good luck with THAT!"   As for the drive-thru?  I've had to jump out of it too many times to count because after I had placed my order at the speaker, we never seemed to move along.  If the car at the pick-up window is waiting on something that is taking an extra long time, YOU will have to wait also.  They don't have that car pull out of line for an employee to bring them their item(s) when ready.  OH NO!!!   EVERYBODY in line has to wait!!     Don't bother calling any 800 # about this McDonald's - it's useless.  One would think that the owner of this location would be more proactive in making it a better McDonald's, but after more than 6 years of the same kind of service (or lack thereof!)  I guess not.  The only reason I ever went to this location was because it is close to my work, and options are pretty limited.  But now?  I can't even go back because it's such a waste of time & money.~pickles, cheese cheese, coffee 
We pull up to the drive thru of the McDonalds that's open 24 hours and wait five plus minutes because they were having a "shift change" and then they tell us it's cash only and then they tell us the have no quarter pounder beef! Crazy. We should have gone to Wendy's across the street. But don't worry about me I'm just hangry over here.~beef! 
We only went through the drive-thru and the service was pretty quick with not many cars to serve. My breakfast burritos had hard corners like were bad or cooked to long. They were also folded kind of weird, like all four corners under instead of bottom, left, and right, and like some effort was actually put into them. It's also kind of shabby they offer water at the same price and a regular drink. I'm not looking for free, but at least half the price of drink that have to be ordered and delivered. We are talking about water here, simply water. The ice coffees on the other hand were at least made with a generous amount of flavor. The were yummy and definitely worth my dollar. The staff should also work on communication, instead seemed a bit aggressive and not very personable.~burritos 
The ice cream machine is Always broken after 9pm AMAZING, this is 6 out of 6 attempts AMAZING.  This is at the McDonald's at the entrance to the airport, really the Ice-cream machine is Always broken after 9?~ice cream 
Of course I got in line behind someone who wanted a detailed explanation of the price difference between a la carte or a meal. Believe it or not, the supervisor noticed the line forming behind me and had another cashier open her register.  The coffee was hot, if only I had checked he bag before I left to see if the creamers I asked for where in there, all would have been good.  As mentioned by others, this location is right by the airport.~coffee 
I've popped in here a bunch of times recently and am increasingly a fan of this place, mostly because I love the friendly vibe and the super nice folks who work here. They seem like a family, they sell homemade empanadas, they know many of their customers by name, all of this is my favourite. There is a fridge of very fresh looking marinated meats and sausages ready for the bbq which I will sample soon as I get my bbq fixed, and the sliced meats are fairly priced and seem high quality. You can get fresh corn tortillas here and a small range of other groceries and freezer items. Good little spot for meats and smiles on Beaubien.~corn 
Really great prices for steaks and sliced meats. Their empanadas are also pretty good, it would be awesome if they had ready prepared meals we could take away  This place specializes in south american items that might be hard to find elsewhere.  Very convenient, but I wish they could stay open later.  Only downside is limited variety (no bread, not many cheeses, olives, or nuts),  but it's just nitpicking,~steaks 
What has been formally known as Fox Sports Grill has now been renewed into The Canyon Club - "Where music meets the soul."  This venue transforms nicely into the goals of The Canyon Club.  Three 10 foot projection screens, extremely large bar area, ample seating, as well as an area for live music, enables The Canyon Club to cater to it's mission on bringing live music, sport event viewing, and great food to Scottsdale.    Their menu boasts a nice selection of appetizers, along with sandwiches, burgers, salads, and complete entrees.   Happy Hour is available Monday-Friday from 3-6 p.m.   Their grilled chicken sandwich is made to your liking with toppings of your choosing, besides their standard fare.  Most of their menu items come with your choice of cole slaw, French fries or sweet potato fries.  For an additional charge, you can substitute the side for a salad or soup of the day.  The grilled chicken sandwich is tasteful and of large size on a soft Kaiser roll.    If you crave more meat, their Prime Rib Dip on onion bread is a stomach pleaser, complete with caramelized onions and plenty of juicy beef!  The Canyon Club has a bright future ahead here in Scottsdale.  Two California locations have already performed successfully, and now they aim to please here in Scottsdale.  With live music and televisions enough for any sports fan, The Canyon Club will be able to cater to most anyone's interests, be it sporting or music.  I look forward to seeing what live acts come into The Canyon Club in the future, as well as sampling the rest of their menu!  Continue reading on Examiner.com Live music, watch sports, find both at The Canyon Club - Scottsdale restaurant | Examiner.com http://www.examiner.com/restaurant-in-scottsdale/live-music-a-place-to-watch-sports-events-find-both-at-the-canyon-club-review#ixzz1UCcOODBs~sport appetizers, burgers, salads, chicken sandwich french fries 
So, perhaps I enjoyed Circle Bar because it was 5am, my girlfriend and I had been invited for a drink by a hooker, and this guy kept sending over lemon drops....BUT, all that aside, Circle Bar is fun to grab a drink and watch the dancers, or pregame/post game Body English.... Strong drinks, fun bar tenders, and a comical atmosphere at 5am....~lemon 
This is the main bar at HRH where most everyone hangs out to drink. Located right in the middle of the casino as you walk-in and near the registration desk. Its the mecca for people watching or mingling. Bartenders kinda arrogant and not consistent  ,one charged me $3 for a soda the next one doesn't and so forth for four days. That always bothers me when you go to bar and the bartenders aren't on the same page. Anyway its cool bar never the less if you like to watch and hangout. Its where the ladies go to look for coke(not the soda) for Vanity.     I want to say so Read very carefully the HR Hotel do not sell Coke( not even the soda) nor does anyone from the HRH condone that kind of illegal activity , but a lot of there customers do. Honestly I thought there security was terrible too. I watched a girl harass at least 10 different people at the bar and tables asking for cocaine and then telling them to fuck off after they told her no right in front of security and hosts. If i smoke pot they kick me out and charge my room but bother customers for cocaine no problem. I really hope the new management takes care of these issues. It really has gone down hill compared to the other hotels in Vegas and other HR Hotels. I calls it like I see it.~coke( 
Working was the Bald guy on Wednesday night. My husband asked for a cocktail menu, bartender took five minutes to find the one cocktail menu they had on hand. We ordered three drinks that took twenty minutes to make. Two cherry bombs and one Japanese whiskey that he mixed (the Japanese was mixed with well vodka) all these drinks were supposed to be high end liquor. 20 minutes we were waiting! No one else was there! We were the only ones, besides the two waitresses, and tall young, brown haired bar tender. My husband then presents his travel zoo. Once again we are god damned lepers for having a coupon. Bald guys says they are not valid for high end liquor ( he didn't mention he poured in the well vodka to mix with  Japanese whiskey drink). NEVER  does the voucher mention there is a stipulation on high end liquor, check yourself, but  Okay fine, my husband just wants to get out of there so he says  " okay just give us six doubles that are comparable to the ones we ordered" the bald bartender sarcastically says" nothing on this is comparable to what you just ordered" what?! Well drinks that you thought you slyly passed off?! Hey guys fuck you! We spent $120 dollars on shanangins! Shame to the two bartenders who didn't think we'd notice your slight of hand, you're amature magicians at best.~cherry brown 
This place was fun and reasonably priced for a hotel bar in Vegas. I ordered a jamo and ginger ale bartender had a heavy hand and it was a nice pour.~ginger 
we like this bar as a meeting point. BUT: hookers hang out there too... Some douchebags of bartenders work there... so if you are Local I wouldnt hang out there too much....  Other than that, its a fun place. There is funner, like Johnny Smalls or Pink Taco.~taco. 
A friend recommended the apple idoc to me and at first I thought it was great. $100 to get a new screen seemed fair and he would come to my work and fix it right there? Sounds great. He came to my work the day after I called him and fixed my phone within 15 minutes. I paid him and he left and i thought that would be it.   I was wrong. Not even a week after he "fixed" my phone, the screen went haywire. Everything was random colors, the entire screen was pixilated to the point that I couldn't see anything and sometimes the screen was totally black even if my phone was on. The screen was hardly ever responsive to my touch anymore. At least when it was cracked I could still use it!   I called him and told him what had happened and he told me he would meet me the next day and take a look. No call and no show. I am a very persistent person so after two weeks... Yes TWO WEEKS of constant calling and texting him, he finally came to my house to look at it. He told me that the LCD wasn't fastened properly or something like that (I know nothing about this kind of stuff). He fixed it and left and my phone was working again and I was so happy that my $100 was finally worth it!!!!  Wrong again. Two days later the same exact thing started happening again. I didn't even think it was worth it this time to call this guy for weeks and weeks to have him come fix my phone for a couple days so what did I do? I had to buy a completely new phone.   Maybe it was the fact that he didn't fix my phone after I had paid him. Or maybe it was the fact that it took me so long to get him to come fix HIS mistake. All I know is that I will never be using his business again and I will tell everyone I know to steer clear of the apple idoc.~apple apple 
I texted several mobile iPhone screen repair companies and apple Idoc was the ONLY one to respond in a timely manner and bent over backwards to fix my screen. Super professional, great prices, SO FAST. They took card which was awesome AND it comes with a 90 day warranty. I definitely recommend using them over other local companies.~apple 
Customer service all the way! Thank you so much for fixing my phone and being a stand up business. Don't look any further than The Apple iDoc! You will not be disappointed! Thanks again for caring about your customers!~apple 
Well my phone shattered and I didn't know what to do. I perused Craigslist and got excited when I found Apple idoc. For $90 they drive to your location, wherever you are, and replace your screen! They even have a 90 day warranty. Seemed awesome and convenient. Now I don't have the technical issues that everybody else I've read has. It has been about 2 weeks and all of a sudden I have a crack in my screen! I haven't dropped it or thrown it around or anything of the sort. Yet a crack on my screen popped out of nowhere not 10 minutes after my phone had ran out of battery life. If they sell screens that are legit and supposedly made by the same company that makes apple's screens, how come they can't handle an iPhone's heat?  When I spoke with the guy who replaced my screen, his was response was that he has a replacement screen on his phone and has never heard of a phone screen cracking due to heat and if that happens then it's a problem with the phone.... It is a known fact that iPhones get really hot! My original iPhone screen didn't crack due to heat so it is obviously a problem with the glass. He also offered a replacement screen for 69$...  How he handled things was not cool nor would I recommend this company to anybody!~apple apple 
The Royale is one of those places you want to root for. The little guy who is a bit on the edge, a bit quirky and rough around the edges. I just hope there is enough of an audience to allow this place to survive.  Like a few other Yelpers, my boyfriend and I ended up at the Royale after a Yelp event and were shown Dale and Tucker Vs. Evil. This was just the kind of movie you want to see in a place like this - independent, funny ad weird. The type of movie you'd never hear about otherwise. They had some great movie choices on the upcoming calendar as well.  The theater itself is pretty small. If they had a popular movie it would sell out fast. The seating was a little odd - the seats were raised on a platform that they obviously built themselves. I was a little afraid I was going to fall off the back but of course the seats were bolted down so I was okay :) They offer sodas and some candy and microwave popcorn - no popcorn machine. Maybe someday??  You could tell the people who worked there enjoyed it which always helps make an experience better. I'd like to see Rocky Horror here one weekend. It seems like it would be a great place for it.~popcorn - popcorn 
What can you say about The Royale? It's Arizona's equivalent to the Alamo Drafthouse by way of The Cinefamily and New Beverly Cinema. Every week they screen a first-run indepdent feature, everything from Hobo with a Shotgun, to Trollhunter and Conan O'Brien Can't Wait. But by night, they do specialized programming tracks. Everything from Cult Classics, specializing in movies like RoboCop and Army of Darkness, to VHS rarities with Video Dungeon, where old VHS movies are projected digitally with trippy and funny preshows.   The Royale doesn't have a liquor license, so they have a super-expansive soft drink menu, featuring only glass bottled sugar versions of Coca Cola and Pepsi, Dr, Pepper etc. and drinks from all-over like Ramune, Coconut sodas, every energy drink under the sun, Jones Soda and much more. Their concessions have stuff like pokky and yan yan and gourmet cupcakes.  Also of note is their lobby. There is a big art gallery space when you walk up (the place used to be a department store in the 50's so the front has a trippy layout, the art space has a ton of original paintings available for sale including a huge Clockwork Orange and Shining painting. The inner lobby has japanese film fanzines for sale, a mini arcade with games from 70's and 80's including a trippy table-top Pac-Man and tons of framed autographed film posters. The counters have tons of stickers and fliers from every show theyve done, so it has a trippy punk rock vintage vibe to it down to its funky logo.   The seating in the main auditorium is on raised platforms and the seats lean pretty far back which is cool if you want to stretch out but takes a little getting used to. It has a pretty huge screen and the film is projected digitally but its super clear and the sound system is pretty bumping. Its located ina  funky area of Mesa across from a rock concert venue and located between 2 comic book shops. The lobby has a huge old projection TV that constantly plays old movies on VHS - there's some seating around the table top Donkey Kong and a couple rows of movie seats in front of the big TV if you feel like dropping in and just sitting there since you can watch stuff there for free tho the volume on that is kept way low.  Tickets are 8 bucks and way worth a pit stop if you feel like catching an indie movie in the Phoenix area.~coconut cupcakes. 
Okay...so we stopped by two weekends in a row recently...My friend is going with my mom tonight to see Centipede 2.. ( really scary)  Anyway I thought the place was cool has great potential. I hope they take advantage of this time of year when they can get a lot of publicity as (a place to be) I would advise contacting as many valley publications and even news channels, since in October they are always looking for scary things to talk about. Discount coupons trade offs with places like monster land museum would probably benefit both businesses. Take better advantage of your store front window, that is your billboard and will lure people in. There are some great horror or comic artist who would probably love to display their props or art .and create a whole freaky scene and darken it a bit with creepy lighting. This could also be a great place to take a date because of its intimacy. I hope someone will sell them an old popcorn machine cheap because the smell of wefting popcorn adds.~date popcorn popcorn 
I agree with Jenn C's review that it is not worth the trip out to Outremont just to visit this shop, as there are plenty of other excellent cheese shops in Montreal. I got a box of plain curds and one with pesto. I found them to be not particularly special, as they are essentially the same as the kind you can get at the supermarket (and then you would be able to control the amount of pesto you add, as I found the amount of pesto to be too heavyhanded in the pesto curds and got a sick feeling from them after just a few bites). I tried the grilled cheese sandwiches with cheddar fort: one with the fried egg, and the other with pesto. Both were quite unremarkable -- I can make better ones at home. The egg one in particular was completely bland. Worst of all, the female owner was rude and unfriendly. I will not be returning to this shop.~cheese cheese egg, egg 
I love cheese, especially the variety of cheeses that you can get in Quebec. I'd always heard awesome things about La Maison du Cheddar, but getting to the Outremont area is a challenge for me, so I never had the chance to go until the last time I was back in Montreal. I'd heard that they have awesome fresh cheese curds (one of my fave cheeses!), including sundried-tomato and pesto versions. We went on a sunny September Saturday afternoon after hitting up Lesters (review to be posted soon). The shop itself it really cute, lots of cheese, cheese products, and accompaniments (like olives and jams) for sale. They have a small take-out/eat-in? counter at the back. They also only had one employee working, possibly the owner. Unfortunately, there were two people ahead of us, and they both wanted to taste-test a variety of cheeses. Now, I think it's really cool that they let you do that. BUT, as a customer, could you maybe not be so selfish and realize that you are completely hogging the single employee's attention?? She tried probably about 5-6 different cheeses, taking up probably 15 minutes. All I wanted to do was buy cheese curds. Ugh! Anyway, when she finally left, I ordered a small carton of cheese curds (about $5) and the employee went to go get a fresh bag for me. Turns out that this is the exact same kind of cheese curds that you can buy at Metro (the one in Westmount anyway) - I know this because my mother-in-law once bought us the same bag from there! Felt a little ripped-off, but at least now I know that I can get the same quality fresh cheese curds at a much more accessible location. On the plus side, La Maison du Cheddar does carry this fabulous cheese, 14 Arpents, that supposedly has won several awards. It is delicious - creamy like brie but with a very unique taste - I highly recommend it. Anyway, all in all, while I did like La Maison du Cheddar, my experience there was meh - there are so many places that sell cheese in Montreal that I don't feel that I need to go back there.  P.S. They do accept credit cards as payment. Always a bonus.~cheese, cheese tomato cheese, cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese cheese, cheese 
Before visiting Montreal, I had searched extensively on-line for delicious cheese shops. I was not disappointed when I made my way out to Outremont and discovered Maison du Cheddar. Immediately after walking into the store, I was greeted by a friendly lady who offered me an espresso. I wandered around the store for a bit pondering all the delicious cheese options and decided to order their acclaimed grilled cheese sandwich. They have several varieties of grilled cheddar sandwiches include cheddar fort (strong) and cheddar doux (sweet). I opted for the latter. While the sandwich is rather small, it is reasonably priced and served up with three delicious cheese curds: one pesto, one tomato and one plain as well as a few gerkins. Super delicious! I was so pleased I made the trip out to Outremont. The friendly lady who greeted me also was helpful when I told her I was visiting from out of town and looking for other shops in the area. She recommended some other streets for me to explore in the area. I was so pleased with this place. I'll definitely come back next time I am in Montreal. Vive le fromage!~cheese cheese cheese sandwich 
I work in Outremont and for some reason, had never stopped by here until today. I was lured in by the promise of a yummy grilled cheese sandwich and the place did not disappoint! I had the cheddar fort with a small bowl of cauliflower/cheese soup. I left super full and enjoyed every single bite. Each grilled cheese comes with a few yummy little pickles and samples of their cheese curd (plain, tomato and pesto.) The woman that runs the place is super sweet, knowledgeable and made us feel welcome the second we walked in the door. I love this place!~cheese sandwich 
After not being allowed to eat or drink all night for a procedure. We stopped here to get me some breakfast and coffee. The egg mcmuffin was excepted but the coffee was undrinkable. I asked for 2 creams and 2 splendas. I usually add 1 and 1/4 of splenda. I never expected them to put it in for me. While I'm sure the ppl heading to work at 7....would appreciate this. I did not. I couldn't drink it and it was wasted.~coffee. egg coffee 
Just because it's pretty doesn't mean it's good!   If you don't mind the repeated insulting MONTHLY intrusion of a cleaning inspection than this place is for you!!   I rented here knowing about the apartment inspection thinking , well I'm clean that won't be a problem. Too bad, this process is made to be as difficult as possible and it sucks. This property manager is into intimidation and insults, it doesn't matter how clean you are. She must get a high doing this because it's the same each time even if she knows my apartment will be clean.  I plan on not answering the door next time and when she enters I will ignore her.  The manager runs her hands on your appliances, I'm thinking about putting cooking oil on the appliance surfaces so she runs her hand into it. She threw her hands in the air and asked me if my kitchen sink works then runs the water to be sure just in case I missed that detail, she sniffs loudly enough for you to hear at the kitchen sink, the sink is of poor quality and water stains don't scrub out but she sticks her head in it to see all angles, she gives everything an up and down and up and down look. This behavior comes off as, "What can I take next time I'm in the mood to shop through "my" apartments."   I am laying out my white gloves and getting a magnifying glass from the dollar store for the next inspection. I know that will bring more rude comments and extreme behavior but it will be so much fun to watch her react to it like she tries to get me to react to her quizzes and grotesque moves of intimidation.   I had a visitor have trouble getting in the front door. The manager yells and slammed things around on her desk because my guest needed her help in the door, not once but 4 times. They won't come during the day any longer. I would go to that extreme too. I'll bet she is good at whack a mole because that is also what she has done when I was in her office. She should color code those files so she doesn't loose them while she slams them around.  This is the deal breaker for me. I have tried to avoid her, but I'm not leaving my apartment just so she can be in my apartment alone. I have tried to avoid her by sitting on the couch in the livingroom but now she comes in here and looks at everything in my livingroom up and down, up and down. Not too many people are going to qualify living here and now the clean, pay rent on time, tenants are target for insults and rude behavior. I have never seen more people move out then move in at any apartments where I have lived. After I was here for 2 months I started asking other tenants why is everyone moving out. I was just given head shakes or told "you'll see". I guess they knew I would find out sooner than later.  I think the next inspection I'll tell her that I know she is the meanest, most intimidating apartment manager of all time and I just tremble to think she will be in my apartment. Maybe that will increase the thrill for her.  Too bad you shouldn't have to be insulted and intimidated living anywhere.  If and when things improve this review will come down.~white 
OK your in morningside edinburgh,generally regarded as snob heaven, by outsiders. Well i came to live here 16 years ago. then this bar was the Hermitage, typical working mans spit and sawdust. If you didnt fit you knew it. Now in its next jacket as the morningside glory. A glaswegian owned company. with all the right attitudes. The present chef, has worked culinary wizardry with the menu, He as best he can uses relatively local seasonal produce.  The menu is always excellent , not overpriced, and truly excellent on the eye and the pallet. There is a pleasant dining area to the rear of the bar, where seating is comfortable and tables are at the right height. bar prices are superb for morningside in fact edinburgh. However wine list prices are up there with the rest. as an example. salt and pepper squid, two chicken dishes(one special of the day)the other off the menu. bottle of white rioja, total £37.50. weekends live music in the bar usually folk/pop accoustic. background music and tvs in bar, but noise levels never reach the crescendo. of neighbouring bars when football seasons on. overall a superb bar,superb food, excellent staff.~chicken white 
Die zwei wichtigsten Pluspunkte vorweg: freies W-Lan für Gäste mit eigenem Laptop & mittags eine 2 für 1-Aktion für Sandwiches, Wraps und andere Kleinigkeiten (Stand September 2010).    Die Weinkarte hat eine nette Auswahl internationaler Weine, die ich in Schottland nicht erwartet habe. Man kann den ersten Roten empfehlen (La Murena aus Italien).    Das Bier ist vergleichsweise preiswert, die Preise für andere Getränke entsprechen denen, die man in einer Großstadt in einem Restaurant der guten Mittelklasse erwartet.    Für die Sportbegeisterten eine reichliche Auswahl an Fernsehern, die tagsüber leise in Betrieb sind und erst bei Sportübertragungen laut gestellt werden.    Nachmittägliche Besucher finden auch etwas Süßes (Milkshakes & Kuchenauswahl). Die Wraps und andere Snacks reichen locker für den mittleren Hunger.    Fazit: Für jeden etwas dabei, das Essen ist für einen Pub gut und die Preise bewegen sich in dem Rahmen, den wir in Edinburgh kennengelernt haben.~wraps wraps 
First time visit for sunday brunch. First impressions good. Friendly welcome from the young guy waiting. Decent looking menu. But from then on it went badly downhill. The fish in my (not cheap) fish and chips was literally the smallest I've ever had from any cafe or chippie. Ridiculously small. About the size of the fingers on my hand. And my partner's wrap was wet inside and falling apart. The people at the next table were moaning about their food too.    But worst of all was the manageress's attitude when I helpfully mentioned that the hand drier in the male toilet wasn't working. She blamed me and stalked off, then as we left gave us a sullen glare and no goodbye. Not a place we will ever return. They need to learn the basics of being a service industry first.~chips 
John Leslie drinks here, remember him? Oh and the nachos are quite good...  This is a decent all round boozer, I quite enjoyed my first visit here, and a bit of B-List celebrity spotting made it that little bit more exciting.   Service was good; they were attentive and trusted me to open a tab as soon as I came in. brought menus over quickly. We were in a rush so I just ordered some Chicken Nachos at the Bar. they came within ten minutes and were very good indeed!!  A broad range on the menu also.  The decor is standard, sort of half living room half bar, and they have a couple of TVs showing live sports etc. It was quite busy for a Sunday afternoon and not many spare tables, which is a good sign.  Like I said, it is a good all rounder, nothing amazing but worth a visit if you are in the area. .~chicken 
I came across Morningside Glory only fairly recently because one of my friends who lives near it was always raving about it, but to be honest I wasn't that impressed with it. It serves breakfast every day and the dinner menu has a wide range of options including sandwiches, salads, pizzas and wraps. I had the nachos which were tasty, but nothing that special. The portion sizes were quite substantial and the food is fairly cheap - about £7 for a main meal.   Morningside Glory also offer a full drinks menu, with an exciting cocktail menu including French Martini's and White Russian's for just over £5. However, I found that there was no real atmosphere in the bar and thought it was quite plain. It is cost effective to go to this pub for a meal or for drinks as it is cheap and the food is tasty, but it is unremarkable.~salads, wraps. white 
I visited the Cascal salon in Greens Edinburgh on the 12th of June (a while back now I realise) for the first time. When I called up initially I requested a tint - I was told that I would have a girl who was recently qualified doing my hair  not a problem. When I turned up, I was told I could not have a tint as I had highlights in already  again  not a problem, I just did not realise you couldn't have a tint over highlights which I apologised for. I was then told because we were tight for time I could maybe have a half head and no cut, and possibly no blow dry. I went along with it as I had not booked for the right appointment. Then, the girl took a guy for a cut at my appointment time  no wonder they couldn't fit in a cut for me! After being taken 20 mins late the girl started on my half head of highlights SILENTLY. She pulled my hair to within an inch of it's life, and when I strained my head to relieve the pressure she said 'oham I hurting you?' (which was the most she said the whole time I was there) to which I replied 'Yes, it's just a bit tight?'. She eventually gave my scalp a rest after 45mins of pulling and SILENCE! It was the most uncomfortable and awkward time I've ever had at a hairdresser!!  Once my colour had developed, it was taken off and I was informed that yes, there would be time for a cut  but only a trim. Well! I wish I hadn't bothered! She cut my hair, and in fairness I was happy with it when I left. However, when I went to a different hairdresser last week who coloured my hair (and actually spoke,) she told me that my hair was 1/4" longer on one side than the other. She took a photo for me and it's UNBELIEVABLE. I will definately not be going back to Cascal. Not only did I have a silent experience, but also I had my scalp ripped off and a squint haircut. Poor, poor service  if the newly qualified girl can't cut hair or talk then don't let her loose on customers.~greens 
I can't say I had the best experience here...my hair needed a little TLC so I bought a Groupon voucher for a cut and colour.   I was in hospital for a number of days leading up to the day of my appointment so I called up the salon and told them that I would be 30 minutes late as I hadn't been discharged in time, to which the girl that answered the phone said 'that's fine'.   So a very tired me rocked up to the salon only to be told that I had missed my appointment and that I couldn't rebook as I'd not cancelled in time...so I explained the story and rightfully they apologised and asked if I could come back the next day.  So 3 o'clock the next dayI show up and don't actually get seen for 35minutes! So I sit there like a lemon in the chair whilst the guy first finishes up with someone else then goes and has a conversation with a number of the staff.  I rarely relish a trip to the salon because of the many I've experienced they tend to be quite, how shall I put it, snobby. This place was no different although the guy really was plugging his services for the next time I had to have my hair done which he recommended was something like 4 weeks away and I "really shouldn't leave it any longer". Bog off. I'll get it done when I'm ready to/have time to thank you very much.  My hair cut really wasn't that great either. He did what he wanted with the cut (followed my instructions vaguely) but at least I got to pick out the colour of my own hair :) Yay!~lemon 
Professional service, highest quality products used and great attention to detail. Love the ability to book appointments online and Anna accommodated me to add on a pedicure as the time was no longer available when I tried to add it at a later date through the online booking service. If you want cheap products and mediocre service then this place is not for you...go to the in and out type nail places that are a dime a dozen. If you want exceptional service in a clean, safe environment then Polished is your salon.  I had a pedicure with polish and a CND Shellac manicure (the only real Shellac not imitation like the $20 ones you see at other places) and both look beautiful! Really happy and will be back.~date 
Worst place ever. I've been to other burger kings around the U.S. and this one is the worst. There was food on the floor (French fries, burger buns,etc.) there was way 2 much dirt on the ground. My food was hot and not cold which to me I was surprise from what the first review say. I'm calling corp rite now.~burger french fries 
Typical Burger King, I usually only go for breakfast sandwiches if I'm running late to work.~burger 
Food is generally cold. On the off chance you do get fresh food it will be about as tasty as you'd expect burger king to be.~burger 
The Best Coffee! Have a great roast coffee at old world prices. Maggie can make it as you watch and  offer you a treat to go along with it. Take out or sit in for all that are in the know at Ave and Dav.~coffee! coffee 
Great coffee here!   Just be aware that there is not much seating (only 2 tables).  I imagine that most of their business is take out.   She does have some good pastries that come in daily to enjoy with your coffee and the lemon poppyseed cake was moist and tasty.  Interestingly enough she also had a wide selection of the funniest novelty greeting cards.   So by all means if you want a quick coffee, try out the Havana Coffee Bar!~coffee pastries coffee lemon cake coffee, coffee 
Great little coffee shop at Avenue and Davenport.  I always try to stop in when I'm in the area as they have one of the best Americanos in the city.    If you're there early enough be sure to grab a croissant. I don't know where they come from but they are absolulely delicious.~coffee 
Working in the area, affordable snacks and coffee are hard to find. They outsource their fresh croissants and sandwiches, always delicious!~coffee 
This place was always eluded moi as it was mostly closed when I was in the area or my mind was made up for 7 Grams nearby. I always thought with a name like that they would serve Cuban coffee but nope not sold here. They just have your mainstream cafe items. I went with a cappuccino and dc ordered an iced coffee drink Both were dismal.  Here is the verdict on the cappuccino Espresso:Weak Crema': OK Milk froth: Below Average Latte Art: N/A With 7 grams right around the corner at similar price point why would one bother coming here.~coffee coffee milk 
It's Eat 'n Park folks!  A good ol' fashioned reiliable.  It's a place you go to when you want comfort food or a decent lunch.    It's also the perfect place to stop at after an autumn morning's hike.  My girlfriends and I did just that, figuring we wanted some soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.  I figured some soup and a BLT with some coffee would just hit the spot.  Saturday's soup was cream of broccoli.  Gack--I don't really like cream soups but the chicken noodle was just right.  My BLT was as always as reliable as ever.  And Eat 'n Park still has some of the best coffee around.~salads, coffee broccoli. chicken coffee 
Yes, it is a "chain" but you basically can't go wrong with a meal at Eat N Park.  You won't get gourmet food and wonderfully plated items, but the food is tasty.  This was my first visit to this location.  I was waiting at the host stand for a few minutes with several staff fluttering around and finally had to ask if someone was going to seat me.  When they finally did, we had somewhat decent service.  Our server was attentive and friendly, but it seemed to take a great deal of time between asking for something and actually receiving it.    They have a new special for several of their entrees - $9.99 including the salad bar and one side.  Most of their dinners are under $10 and portion sizes are decent.  I had the buffalo chicken macaroni and cheese.  It was creamy and delicious!  The only down side is that the chicken pieces were very large, long strips.  I wish the pieces were cut up more, but that is not something I couldn't remedy on my own.  The salad bar was constantly restocked and fresh and everything i tried was tasty.    Don't leave Eat N Park without trying a Smiley Cookie!  Right now they have jack o lantern smiley.  They are tasty and, well, can't help but make you smile.~salad chicken cheese. chicken salad 
We've been to this Eat N Park several times and have always had a pretty good experience.  I love the soup and salad bar.  The wait staff is generally really friendly and nice to my children.~salad 
My mother and father started going here in 1952.  This was when they brought your food to your car and you ate in your car. It wasn't this exact location but it was eat n park. They both think the Cod is their favorite dish fixed any way. My mother loves the poached eggs.  The coffee is excellent. They do not like the strawberry pie. It has  gelee on it and crust is terrible. It's a great place for them to go when  you don't know what  to eat. It's great for retired people who are on a budget.  Prices have gone up and they don't go as much but they understand it happens. They often split a dinner and its handled nicely and they never feel awkward.~coffee pie. 
Ok, as I noted I am reviewing this place again. Seems as though every time they change the menu my favorites are gone and I end up paying more money for stuff that doesn't appeal to me.  Say goodbye to the turkey on a pretzel bun. That was one of my favorites. Now the burgers are grouped. You can even pick one with your choice of toppings and cheese including the famous garden burger. I liked that burger with lettuce, tomato, and honey mustard but now you have to "settle" for one of their toppings. They will take the cheese off if you don't want it but that doesn't lessen the price.  Service is still good but now the menu looks so lackluster that I may have to just settle for the salad bar when I go in and even that may not always be the greatest.  I just wish places like this will learn to keep what has been a good sandwich or entree and stick with it. I may not be visiting this place much longer.~burgers cheese burger. burger lettuce, tomato, honey cheese salad sandwich 
I came from out of town visiting PA for a family vacation. I came in welcomed by the nicest girl i have met in a very long time. She had this big smile on her face that was so welcoming and asked how my day was; that made me smile. She said it was her first day and i was so surprised because she did a great job. The cookies are also sooooooo good!!!! I definitely will go back again when i visit Murrysville.~cookies 
An historic little mall!  This little shopping area is over a century old. It looks like it. It looks like a time in Charlotte's history before cars ruled the roads. Down the center of the public space, a pedestrian street takes you past local ethnic restaurants. You can get Chinese, Italian, Scandinavian, and many other foreign cuisines. There are a few offices and barber shops in here as well. I really enjoyed the fact that all the shops are local businesses. No chains in the entire place. Yum! Parking is easy, it has a parking garage right next to the place.  The place is quite nice, beautifully decorated, and a fun walk.  I enjoyed checking out the old pictures of Charlotte by the entrance on Tryon Street. They date back almost as far as the Latta Arcade.~date 
My wife and I ended our chocolate tour at Lickety Splits. We got to talking with the owner, Naomi. She was incredibly knowledgeable about all candies and candy makers native to the U.K., as well as the differences from candy made with cane & beet sugar. We kept her there well after the shop would normally have closed, but Naomi was unperturbed. She also gave us information about the town and some of the locals, as well as the various eats in the area. The jewelry she makes is unique and beautiful. We bought a necklace and LOTS of candy. Would recommend stopping by for anyone going to Edinburgh.~beet 
This place is a wee gem, on Jeffrey Street, just off the Mile and easily missed.   It's a modern take on ye olde worlde sweetie shops that I loved from my childhood.  I love that they have rows of sweets in jars and the pick n mix of what was,  in my day at least, penny sweeties. Inflation over the last *cough three cough cough* decades means they are now a wee bit more expensive but then I do have more than 50p a week pocket money to spend on my sugar fix these days too!  There's all the sweets I remember, some that I don't, reinventions & new fangled sweeties.   Everything a sweet tooth could crave, by the bucket - or jar - full. What's that little tub in the corner - cremola foam anyone? Flying saucers, yum. Sweetie bracelets & necklaces that make your teeth tingle.   So much choice I stood there like my five year old self in years gone by, trying to pick. I couldn't decide so I bought a lot (strawberry bob bons, penny chews, chocolate cups, milk bottles, sherbet lemons & midget gems) & promised my wallet & my waistline that I'd ration them out over the coming weeks as a reward for every gym visit/run I complete. (I'm not sure how successful that tack will be but here's hoping I refrain from gorging them all in one sitting when I get home!)  But that's not all. They also have fab gift/sparkly things made out of maps and scrabble tiles. Very kitsch & cool. I easily managed to tick a load of names of my Christmas shopping list here in this shop & it's local. & I'll be dropping some hints to the OH for my Santa list too.   Now I've found you, I'll be back :)~milk 
Nerds and flumps and Jazz chocolate discs -oh my! When the lovely Louise C brought me here to have a wee nosey at some of the sweeties they had on offer, I thought it would just be a wee sweetie store. Not quite.  It's wee. And it has sweeties. All the sweeties from my childhood! The ones that probably brought me close to ADD. Fluroescent sweets like Nerds. All the 1p mix sweeties - fried eggs, cola bottles and cherries. But not like the modern-day reproduction ones you'd find at the cinema. This was like stepping back to my first week at Primary school when I showed up every day with a wee plastic bag of 25ps worth of 25 sweeties. My sugar addiction started young.  And the one wee Jazz chocolate disc I had? Only 5p!! Inflation seems to have skipped Lickety Splits! One penny sweets are still a PENNY. Not like the triple-the-price Twix and Toffee Crisp costs of today (day-light robbery I tell you. How much can puffed rice and cheap chocolate have gone up to warrant charging 55p for a Toffee Crisp?!)  Anyway, I digress. Not only does Lickety Splits have all the sweets of my childhood, displayed in an adorable fashion that makes you want to ask for a modest 25p bag rather than a £5.99 striped bag a la Cineworld. It also has a really cute range of jewellery, made in the store with things like maps of Scotland, cute wee owls and scrabble letters as rings, necklaces and charms. As Louise C would say, AH-DOR-AH-BLE!!  I also really liked the cute touch of having childhood photos of the two shop owners on the wall. A wee cherry on the E-number filled sweetie cake!~cherry cake! 
What a cute little sweetie haven, you will be spoilt for choice with all the sugary treats here. It seems that these retro sweet shops are becoming a growing trend and seem to be popping up all over the place. Lickety Splits definitely has a lot more character than most and if it's wedding favours, gifts, childrens party bags or just some sweets for yourself you don't have to look any further.  It's a really nice idea for wedding favours and all you need to do is choose what kind of sweets it is you're after and Lickety Splits will gift wrap everything into little favours, very cute.  The decor is gorgeous with wooden flooring, quirky tables and polka dot patterns, it's very bright and airy and all the sweets are organised in glass tubs on fresh white painted shelves.  My favourite sweeties have to be the little chocolate cups they're so addictive and moreish. I only found out about this place last week but I think I'll be popping in quite a bit now I know it's there, I could go for some fried eggs just now actually.~white 
Like Gavin, I am a bit sick of the sugar filled warehouses that seem to be popping up everywhere, robbing us all £8 for a box of American cereal.  However, this wee shop seems to be a bit more on the original side and cuter than most of the bigger ones which seem very commercialised.  I left here with a wee bag of chocolate nibbles and lemon pips for just under a fiver, which I didn't need but ate all the same. Dentist here I come. The assistants in here are very nice and helpful, which I have actually never found in a retro sweet shop before!  Love this place, and will certainly be back for some soor plooms in the near future!~lemon 
As the name suggests, Lickety Splits is a cute store that specialises in all kinds of lip-licking and tongue teasing sweets. The sign outside advertises Retro Sweets, Scottish Sweets and Traditional Sweets and there's jars of all three lined up inside on brightly painted shelves and cute wooden tables. The staff are friendly and there's all kinds of sugar-rushing treats to choose from lemon sherberts and strawberry bon bons to cola bottles.   Anyone fancy sharing a packet of space dust? Just shaking the packet, I can hear the hiss and crackle...~lemon 
My hubby and I came here on a date night. It's was a Saturday night and they had 2 shows that night. 8 o'clock show and a 10:30 show. We went for the 8oclock and came there late. The staff was really chill about and even gave us a discount because we came in late. It's nothing fancy, they have tables and chair everywhere. You can order drinks while watching the show. After the comedy show we walked next door to their connecting bar.~date 
I went there last weekend and really enjoyed my time. The gentleman who sat us, who I believe is the owner, was really cool and accommodating. Our waitress was a total sweetheart. I had the veal sandwich and it was really good. My wife and I also split some apps, and they were equally tasty. The pricing was decent, considering the fact that it is an entertainment venue, not a bar.  The talent was top notch. They kept the audience going all night. Unfortunately, there was a group sitting up front, obviously, who refused to shut up. They got called out a few times, which lead to some pretty funny comments from the comedians, but it was distracting. I don't want this to turn into a rant about people and their complete lack of manners, so I will end with this; go. You'll have a good time. We did and we will be back.~sandwich 
Mit 15 war ich in England... "Sommerferien sinnvoll nutzen" lautete die elterliche Devise. Eine Sprachschule in England erfüllte alle Kriterien und so verbrachte ich einen Teil der Schulferien ironischerweise mit acht Schulstunden täglich. Allerdings nicht hier, sondern an Englands Südküste. Die Landschaft war wunderschön und Palmen hätte ich dort nicht vermutet. Das Essen war das krasse Gegenteil...   Englische Kochkunst ist im Allgemeinen wirklich keine sehr ruhmvolle Angelegenheit und zu allem Übel war die Gastmutter eine grauenhafte Köchin. Auszüge gefällig?  Fifty Shades of Pfefferminzsauce (oder versehentlich eine Schachtel After Eight mitgekocht?)  Halbrohe Ofenkartoffeln mit einer rauen Menge Butter, Salad Cream und Thunfischmatsch bekleckert...  Und nein, ein Blatt Eisbergsalat, ein Schnitz Paprika und eine Cocktailtomate sind KEIN Salat! Auch nicht, wenn man Salad Cream drüberleert!!   Hätte man mir damals gesagt, dass ich freiwillig ein englisches Geschäft betrete, hätte ich vermutlich den Vogel gezeigt. Letzten Montag habe ich es getan... und sogar freiwillig! Die Zeit heilt bekanntlich viele Wunden und so blieb im Hirn zwar der dezente Grusel zu Pfefferminzsauce und Salad Cream erhalten, aber es kamen auch positive Erinnerungen zutage. Scones zum Beispiel - wahlweise mit Rosinen und gesalzener Butter, oder "Normale" Scones mit Clotted Cream und Erdbeermarmelade... Auch Baked Beans mit Bratkartoffeln sind durchaus lecker.   Ich war eh in Stuttgart und vom Schlossplatz aus läuft man knappe fünf Minuten bis zum Piccadilly, das ein wenig versteckt hinterm Varieté Friedrichsbau liegt. Den Weg kannte ich, das Piccadilly war schnell gefunden. Schon von Ferne gut lesbar prangt der Schriftzug English Shop überm Eingang.   Die Schiebetüren öffnen sich... Wow, Union Jacks überall.. Auf Postern, Tassen, Wänden. Überall. Und Blümchen... Kleine Blümchen, große Blümchen, bunte Blümchen. Überall. Englisch-Kitsch at it's best. Zwischen all dem stehen die ersten beiden Kühlregale - eins mit fifty shades of Cheddar und eines mit fifty shades of ale und beer. Die Union Jacks filtert das Hirn schon nach einer halben Minute völlig aus. Hier im Eingangsbereich finden sich massenweise englische Bücher, englische Zeitschriften und Anglophilen-Devotionalien aller Art.   Ich schleiche vorbei an Teekännchen und Teetässchen mit Blümchenprint und steuere den hinteren Ladenteil an, denn hier gibt es Whisky. Das Angebot ist kolossal! Die gröbste Einteilung ist Scotch und Single Malt, dann ist nach Ländern und schlussendlich nach Herkunftsregionen innerhalb der Länder sortiert. Data Overflow. Unterhalb eines jeden Whiskys ist ein Kärtchen angebracht, das Geschmack und Herkunft en Detail beschreibt. Vor einigen der Preise erstarrt man in Ehrfurcht und stellt die Flasche danach seeeeeehr behutsam ins Regal zurück. Auf Wunsch kann man sich einige der Preziosen auch in kleine Fläschchen zu 2cl, 5cl und 10 cl abfüllen lassen. Ich wähle eine Flasche zwölf Jahre alten Bowmore von der Insel Islay und gucke mich weiter um.  In etlichen Regametern reihen sich allen aneinander, was das Hirn geflissentlich verdrängt hatte. Salad Cream (inklusive Varianten), Mixed Pickles, komische Saucen, Marmite, Vegemite, eigenartige Nudelsnacks und Baked Beans... Letztere ebenfalls in seltsamen Ausführungen (mit Würstchen, Barbecue-Style und tatsächlich auch in der Variante "hundsgewöhlich"). Ein kurzes Grübeln, ein Griff zur Dose. Variante "hundsgewöhnlich" darf mit.   Unsummen englischen Süßkrams reihen sich ebenfalls aneinander. Fifty shades of Shortbread (vulgo auch "Kalorien in Dosen" genannt), massig grauslige Schokolade. Als Mitbringsel für eine Pfefferminzschokoladenbegeisterte greife ich zu Pfefferminz-Luftschokolade, eine weitere Schokolade mit ganzen Nüssen wird ebenfalls eingepackt.   In der Getränkeabteilung gibt es alles von Rang und Namen... Ein Dutzend verschieder Ales, Ciders und Biere wartet auf Abnehmer. Dazu der unvermeidliche Getränkesirup, der, meiner Meinung nach, nach Waschmittel schmeckt und einige englische Limonadensorten in klickibunten Farben. Auch hier ist die Auswahl riesig.   Ich schleiche zur Kasse. Dort steht eine englische Dame, die freimütig während des Kassiervorgangs mit einer Freundin telefoniert. Mit einer Hand wird kassiert, die Bezahlung mit EC getätigt. Bis zum Schluss legt sie nie das Telefon aus der Hand. Das finde ich ein wenig schade... ich habe früher selbst nebenher im Einzelhandel gearbeitet und das gehört sich einfach nicht. Immerhin war das Gespräch ladenpassend in Originalsprache ;)   Für die Telefoniererei gibt es einen Stern Abzug, ansonsten ist der Laden nett und hat eine schöne Auswahl englischer "Köstlichkeiten" parat. Die Whisky-Auswahl ist klasse. Barrierefrei ist der Laden auch und auch Parkplätze gibt es in der Nähe (allerdings kostenpflichtig). Vier Sterne.~butter, salad salad salad butter, salad pickles, 
Seit langen Jahren meine Anlaufstelle für Sandwich Spreads, echte englische Sweets, Tees, Fruchtaufstriche und die eine oder andere gute Flasche Single Malt. Neben den englischsprachigen Büchern natürlich, den Grußkarten und den CD's/Videos.. Parken ist ein bisschen problematisch, obwohl der Store zwei Parkplätze vor dem Haus hat. Der Service ist sehr bemüht und besorgt alles was man sich denken kann und nicht im Laden findet.~sandwich 
This is a nice cozy place to hang out with your friends or study.  They have yummy coffee drinks, desserts, and paninis.  Yum.  Can't wait to stop by again on my next visit.~coffee 
NEVER AGAIN!  I had visited Zephyr a couple of times with a friend after our walks along the canal. It wasn't great (unlike The Coffee Shop, at Joe's Farm, which is wonderful), but it was okay. Until yesterday....  I took another friend of mine there after a walk along the canal with our dogs. This friend is 8+ months pregnant, and after the walk, she wasn't feeling great. I waited outside with our dogs while she went into Zephyr ask for a glass of water. The woman in Zephyr (who is, I believe, the owner or co-owner) was LESS than customer service-oriented. In fact, she was downright rude to my friend. We live in the desert. Someone walks in to ask for a glass of water, you give it to  them, no questions asked! This woman slammed the glass of water down on the counter and treated my friend like she didn't exist.  We had been planning on ordering breakfast and coffee once my friend felt better, but when my friend walked back inside to ask about any fruit that Zephyr might offer (so she could get her blood sugar back up to a safe level), again the woman almost ignored her. Didn't look at her when she spoke. Pointed to the display case and said, "Only apples." My friend asked her if she was having a rough day; the woman responded, "No, I'm not having a rough day. Only apples."  It was embarrassing to me, since I'd recommend this place, but even more, it displayed a HUGE lack of customer service. I'll NEVER return to this coffee shop and, frankly, hope that karma is in full swing for this person. We drove to Joe's Coffee Shop (at Agritopia), had a lovely breakfast and coffee, and were served with more than a smile.  Please don't frequent establishments who treat people in this manner.  Cheryl~coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee, 
This place is amazing! Just off Bell Road (so you don't have to worry about the traffic), it's easy to get to. The teachers are all super nice, and Miss Allison (the director) obviously cares deeply about each child. They have this thing they call the "intergenerational program" where the kids interact with seniors at the adult day center in the building. It's so cute how they call them "gramma" and "grampa"! How many other places teach kids how to treat their elders these days? In my opinion this is the most underrated preschool in the area - a real hidden gem.~bell 
Came here with my buddy after a long long day at the track. After a day with nothing but crappy sandwiches, red bulls, and adrenalin this place just hits the spot.  I had the Shack Sampler which is 10.99 and WOW is it well worth it. Sampler comes with: 1/4 Rack or ribs - Very tender, sauce could have been a little sweeter but that could be just the way i like my sauces 2 jumbo tenders - fried chicken tenders, i ordered them mild and they didnt have much heat to them. one was very dry but the other was perfect. both were pretty big and meaty 1/4 pound of pulled pork - wow just WOW. most places the 'pulled' pork is nothing more then a block of meat that's been separated a bit to give the look that it's been pulled, not here it's actual mound of pulled pork the only clump you'll see are so small they're not worth mentioning and it's all tender as well. Just personal preference but i would have enjoyed it more of the sauce was a bit sweeter or smokier   Sides Sampler came with two sides  Brunswick Stew - tomato based stew with some veggies, also contains a generous amount of pulled pork (every spoon or fork full contains more pork then veggies) and bbq sauce. this was the best side i've ever had with a meal. i wish i ordered a large so i could have poured it over everything Fries - They're fries!! salted the way i like 'em  I wish there were more places like this in the south west...~fried chicken 
Shane's surprised me! I went here with a coupon that I received to try it out and was surprised to find barbecue like I was used to from North Carolina! We had the ribs and pulled pork sandwiches. My kids loved the sandwiches. The ribs were very moist and tender, with just the right amount of seasoning. The sauce didn't overwhelm them, yet enhanced the flavor even more. The cold slaw was delicious. I have to say that I'm a bit particular about BBQ since we take pride in the Carolina BBQ back home, but the pulled pork was right on point! It has a vinegar base like we southern folk gravitate to. The service was excellent, we were catered to graciously (which came in handy with the kids.) I would totally recommend this place to anyone!~pork pork 
I love their pulled pork sandwiches.  My boyfriend was impressed with their ribs, which he is rarely impressed with any restaurant's ribs.  Also, they have good sweet tea.  Prices are reasonable.~pork tea. 
i love shanes! I go at least twice a week..They have great specials! Five bucks gets you a sandwich, drink and a delicious side. My favorite is the bbq chopped chicken sandwich. My son loves their chicken strips. You have to try their sweet peach tea..I crave it..The staff is always welcoming and friendly!~sandwich, chicken sandwich. chicken peach tea.. 
FREE sandwich for your birthday for joining the E-Club!!  I got the "BIG DAD" pork sandwich-pork on texas toast!! Fantastic!! I really like their HOT bbq sauce just the right amount of heaT!  I'm addicted to the Brunswick Stew & of course I had to get some! Sooooo Good!!  It doesnt get any better than FREE and even though this place is in BFE and probably cost $10 in gas it was definitely worth it!!~sandwich pork sandwich- pork 
They have a great selection of BBQ fav's.  I get the combo meal and split it with the wife.  The pulled pork is actually pretty good.    They also have a couple of hotties working here which is a plus.~pork 
I, like Stephen, have a difficult time labeling this a park. There isn't any greenspace or grass yet it's a solid meeting space with some relaxing components.   If you meander into this stone area you'll find a pretty waterfall, plenty of seating and, if you're there around lunch, many a hot dog vendor. I personally appreciate this space much more when it's not so crowded, but hey - different strokes I guess.   On the weekends when Uptown is fairly quiet this plaza is tops. Grab some coffee, hang out and watch the very few people walk by. If you're lucky you may even spot the handful of colorful homeless folk who love to tell you the world is going to end.~hot dog coffee, 
This is a really special area uptown. I like to get food and hang out there to eat. It's good for coffee breaks or lunch breaks or really any kind of break.   There's something special about a park in the middle of a city. Parks are nice anywhere, but these little spots in the middle of a concrete jungle where you can rest, listen to some water, and watch the people hustling by really can seem like an oasis. It's worth finding parking uptown just to go hang out and listen to the waterfalls.~coffee 
I love this place. Bulk sizes of almost anything you could want. Great prices on their produce, meat and dairy but the real prize is when you can catch a massive portion of steak or crate of vegetables on clearance for an amazing price.  Also, the shopping experience here is mellow. Rarely is it loaded with people and the staff is friendly.~steak 
I'm a huge fan of this place!  Great deals throughout the entire store!  Fantastic deal on a 4lb box of 16-20 count shrimp. I've purchased ribs, briskets, inside rounds, top sirloins, prime rib roasts here!  Truly Love this place and try to stop in there when I'm in the vicinity of I-17 & Indian School.  Highly recommended for meats and cheeses.~shrimp. 
This is a smaller no membership Foodservice Warehouse.  They have 7,000 items in the store of dairy, produce,dry goods, already prepared foods and a small amount of restaurant equipment.  They do offer higher quality beef items than from your local grocery chain store.  I didn't notice poultry being sold in this store.  Lots of already prepared foods can be purchased here.  It A-OK and worth a try when your in the area~beef 
First time here, went for a quick bike ride and wanted to grab a easy sandwich. I got the BLT with avocado added and it was DELICIOUS! I love supporting local small businesses and it helps when it's absolutely delicious as well!~sandwich. avocado 
The service is great, the guys are attentive and quick. More importantly the sandwiches are great. Excellent bread (I had pretzel bread), veggies are fresh, a nice selection of dressings, and the meats and cheeses are plentiful. The price is on par with Subway but you get a far superior sandwich. Get them toasted or cold, and they have all the options and upgrades you could ask for. I know the cops in the area like to lunch here, I'll be sending my firefighters as well. We know good food!~sandwich. 
This place is amazing. The sandwich ingredients are fresh and the customer service is beyond compare. It is a family owned sandwich shop that has a New York feel to it. The menu has a mafia theme, love it! The decor on the wall consists of New York memorabilia, fire fighter, and police shirts.   Ultimately, the owners Richard and Georgina are genuine people and will do everything they can to make sure you have a great meal. They also have a punch card available, so your tenth visit can be on the house.   If you have time, sit and talk with the owners. They take the time to get to know their customers.   By the way, the canollis are best I've ever had!!~sandwich sandwich 
Best sub shop hands down!! Everything is fresh unlike every other sub shop. Definitely swing by and grab yourself some delicious subs or salads.~salads. 
This sub shop has the freshest sandwiches around. I like to try a different sub each time and they have been all great with plenty of meat. The bread is also very fresh. The sandwich makers are always friendly and use plenty of fixins. I find myself coming back here every time, even though a subway is much closer.~sandwich 
If you're looking for honest-to-goodness grinders, you'll find them here. Lots of places claim to be New York style. This place really is. I grew up in Connecticut and went to school in New York. These subs are what I used to be able to walk down the street to get.  I've been here a couple of times now and what I've seen is good people who obviously care about what they're doing, and what they're doing is serving great subs and salads with fresh, flavorful ingredients at reasonable prices. I live in south Phoenix, but I'm in the Glendale/Peoria area on many weekends. When I'm there, I'll be making it a point to get lunch at Gatti's and maybe picking up supper there, too. And from what I've seen in the comments on their Facebook page, I need to get a cannoli next time I'm there.~salads 
I usually don't go to these kinds of sub shops. Subway and paradise bakery are my places. Decided to come here after blazing all night. Pretty good food. Had the pastrami which was good. Gf had turkey and bacon which she liked. Ill come here again.~bacon 
This is the best locally owned sandwich place I've ever been to.  They are honest and very kind. The sandwich meat and veggies are quality and taste very fresh. Their bread (which is fresh) is the best bread I've never had in a sandwich anywhere. The place is smaller but that doesn't change a thing. It is more expensive then subway but you pay for what you get and is rather have Gattis any day.  Oh and their cannolis are to die for! Yum!~sandwich sandwich sandwich 
Top Quality fresh ingredients served with a smile. Try the Gatti and add bacon...now that's italian! Service is a bit slow for multiple orders but well worth the wait. Cannoli is made to order and is molto bene! Mangia!!!~bacon... 
I decided to give this place a try after seeing positive reviews, and I have to agree that the subs here are quite good!  What I really liked was that their subs are enormous. I am a guy who can usually eat a lot, but I couldn't finish my foot long sub, and it ended up being just as good leftover. I ordered the signature Gatti and it was delicious. I also ordered some cookies, which were good but nothing special. The prices are a little expensive, but not unreasonable.   The employees were also very friendly, which I really liked. They were pleasant and helpful and it made me want to return!~cookies, 
A new sub shop in a dying shopping center...risky move!  But with the nearest Subway a mile northwest of here, this was probably a great location if they can get the word out about their business.   I'd say the shop is comparable to a combination of Subway and Jimmie John's. The bread was fresh and fluffy, and the vegetables were all crispy and generous.  They don't have peppercini peppers but they do have jalapenos.    And, after telling the owner that our dog had passed away earlier today, he gave my daughter three free cookies, which I thought was a sweet touch.  The prices are on par with Subway, and for the money the quality is there. I had the tuna sandwich, and the tuna was quite fresh.  I'm happy that we have a new local sub shop!~cookies, tuna sandwich, tuna 
By far the best sandwich shop we've been to. So good, it was a Sunday tradition for our family to go to Gatti's for lunch. The owners were like family to us. We were devastated when they decided to close last month.~sandwich 
I almost feel bad writing this review. I sincerely wish our experience would have been more impressive. My husband is the sandwich's biggest fan. Although he's is enamored with Jimmy John's we would rather support local independently owned business. We found this place via Yelp and it looked great especially since a few of the reviews were written by East Coasters. My husband grew up in CT and I lived all over the East Coast for about 5 years prior to moving to PHX. Nothing beats an EC Sub. We found these sandwiched to be very bland and dry. I order their version of an Italian and I wanted "hots" which if you're from the EC you know what those are. They didn't have them nor know what I was talking about. My husband wanted a chicken cutlet, also apparently an EC anomaly, and they accommodated him by leaving the sauce off of a Chicken Parm but it wasn't quite the same.The place is very clean. The prices are good and the staff, who I assume were the owners were very nice. The place is definitely better than subway *barf* but sadly it didn't rock my world.~sandwich chicken chicken 
This place was awesome! Why did they close down? I hope he re-opens some where because he had the best Meatball sandwich and Chicken Parm.~sandwich chicken 
Cute little place great sandwich! I very much enjoyed my Gatti on pretzel bread :-) & the staff was efficient & friendly. I'd recommend it if you're in the neighborhood!~sandwich! 
I love this place! Their subs are awesome.. soo much better than subway. Ingredients r fresh n prices r comparable.  I love going here and supporting a small local business. Him and his wife own and run the shop- small mom and pop op.   They have a punch card too which is better than subway. Ive had the gatti which is good but a lil strong to me. We usually get the turkey ham and bacon. The only reason this isnt five star is cause they really need to work on how their menu is presented. Wayyy easier to look at flyer than it all bunched up on those dry erase boards. The first time i went in, it took a while for me to read and decifer bunched up writing and pricing.  Regardless, service and subs r top notch!~bacon. 
Quirky little sandwich shop in a desolate shopping center.  It's a cross between Subway, Jimmy John's and Mr. Goodcents.  My sandwich tasted "A-ok."  Nothing really spectactular, but I've had much worse too.  The price seemed a little bit high in my opinion.  I went in on a weekday around noon and I was the only one in there.  I think the sandwich I had was called "The Big Gatti" or something like that.  It's similar to Subway's BMT or spicy Italian.  Basically, expect a Subway type sandwich here.~sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich 
We really gave this place a chance but it just failed in so many ways.   First off, I don't know if the guy in charge of house sound is deaf or what but the music was so loud that we were straining our voices trying to talk (yell) to each other. Then the Canadiens game began and it was even louder. For a place trying to serve fancy looking food, the ambiance just sucked because of the noise. It was not a busy night, so I'm not sure why they thought they had to deafen their patrons.  The menu was simple enough but unfortunately so was the waitress. This waitress was just not all there.  She was pleasant, easy on the eyes but that's about it. She took our drink orders, upsold us to the larger portion of salmon tartar and forgot to take our dinner order.   When she came back with the drinks 10 minutes later, she spun on her heels to go do something else and we had to almost grab her to get her to take our orders. We ordered the flank (bavette) steak and she seemed to forget to ask how we would like it cooked. My dinner companion took matters into his own hands and actually chased the waitress down across the restaurant to make SURE she knew to put the order in for medium rare. 20 minutes passed, 30 minutes passed. No tartar, no flank steaks.  Then out came the tartar appetizer at the same time as the steaks... The tartar wasn't particularly inspired, little flavour and served with 6 french fries. We dug into the steaks and, wouldn't you know it, they were well done to the point of being the tenderness of shoe leather and as dry as tree bark. 1-2 bites in we cut the middle of the steaks to see if there was any hopeful hint of pink, but no dice. The waitress didn't ask the basic  question of "is everything ok?" as we began our meal so we tried to flag down the guy in the dress shirt who seemed to be a manager. He didn't see us (or anyone else for that matter) as he just sat down on the bar and fiddled with his iPhone.   We finally managed to get a manager and by that time it was too much for us. It was a very unfortunate experience but at least the manager was kind enough to delete the shoe steaks from the bill. As we headed for the door I doubt our waitress had any idea what had transpired. She was cheerful and looked as if she was pleased to see satisfied customers leaving. Alas, that was clearly not not the case -  Factory was a total failure right from front of house to back.  We left hungry and disappointed, so we went up the street to La Belle Provence to get hot dogs and poutine instead. At least there, they knew what they're doing.~salmon steak steaks. steaks... french fries 
A friend and I came here for drinks and dinner on a Friday night.  Neither of us had been there before so we decided to check it out.  The bar was about halfway full and not too loud.    I decided to get the pork chop.  It was ok, but I have definitely had better food. It was little too dry for me.  The service was pleasant and a change from the usual that is seen on saint laurent.~pork 
As soon as i entered the shop there was someone there to serve and welcome me .Asked if i wanted a tea or coffee and directed me to a seeted waiting area. Although the shop was very busy, the staff never left you in the lurch .You were always informed truthfully as to how long they think you will have to wait .Once taken they were very proffesional and concerned about what you needed .With a good talk thru whilst eye examination was carried out .As for the practitioner Anthony Harry well i could hardly see for tears of laughter after the exam that is . Most relaxing. Also Thanks to steve the assistant manager for keeping me right at every stage of choosing specs.A great bunch of well trained staff .Exellent example of how to treat the public.    Regards D R.~tea coffee 
Fountain Bowl is just what Fountain Hills needs!  I love coming here to play whenever I'm in town, and Sam and Diana are the coolest bowl owners/managers I've ever met.  The decor is nice and I love the remodel work they've done with the bowling alley.  Also a fabulous way to get out of the hot Arizona sun in summer and enjoy some AC while sipping Coke and bowling the afternoon away.~coke 
Diana (one of the owners) is FANTASTIC.  This is one of those best kept secret places.  Really GREAT place.  Smaller - which is a nice change - clean, modern, inviting but yet with a fun retro feel.  All ages feel welcome and comfortable here.  Arcade games and those great grabber stuffed animal machines too!  Only suggestion would be to offer some grilled chicken tenders or something for those needing to be more health conscious (Snacks are typical deep fried or candy bars/chips type).  Diana cares about the business and customers and it shows... and it makes for a great customer experience that is worthy of repeating again and again!~chicken 
Service is good but the food is really good.  If you are looking for something authentic and you want something different than the usual Panda Express and PeiWei this is the place to come.  The orange chicken its cooked different from any other place I've ever been and its really good.  I haven't tried a dish that I didn't like.  Order the dinner for two and you will be very pleased.  Fried rice soup its great too.~chicken fried rice 
This is an update, we have been back numerous times including dining in. Still love this place for a great neighborhood joint with good portions at a reasonable price. The sesame chicken tonight was awesome, but next time I will ask them to add some veggies. We also had the lettuce wraps and bean curd dish. I could do those wraps for lunch often, they are on the appetizer menu. I like the crisp lettuce with warm filling. Very refreshing.~chicken lettuce wraps 
Great mom and pop place in Peoria.  You have to try their Lettuce wraps which are very refreshing and on the light side.  Dumplings are made fresh so if you order them they take 15-20 min to get.  Fried rice is to die for too!!~lettuce wraps 
I have yet to be dissapointed with the service here. When I call or come in I am greeted by name, which just makes everything better from the begining.  The lunch specials are a little more that some places, but not by much and they are well worth it. I don't know if there are any resturant unique items that they have, but they serve the usual Chinese food, just at a better quality. If you are looking for a good lunch, try the Mongolian Beef or Sweet and Sour Chicken.  A must have is their Crab Puffs, these have more flavor here than I can recall having anywhere else. Try them and love them!~beef chicken. 
Great food! My favorites are sizzling rice soup (great when you're sick), poopoo platter, cashew chicken, house lo mein and house fried rice. The staff is very friendly and if you call to pick it up, it usually  takes 10 minutes. You can also find coupons for free lettuce wraps or crab puffs in the mailer ads.~cashew chicken 
This place sounded promising from the yelp reviews.  So we gave it a shot.  We ordered take out and it was ready in 15 minutes.    We ordered: House Lo Mein General Tso's Chicken Egg Rolls Crab Puffs  Everything was just ok.  The flavors were good but nothing made me want to come back.  The General Tso's chicken was pretty spicy and a good flavor but a little bland.  I was left wanting more flavor.   The house LoMein was good as well but a little bland.  The meat was cooked well and tasted good.  The Egg Rolls had good flavor but were a little soggy on the inside.  Crab Puffs were ok as well.  Everything was just 'ok'.    I wouldn't go back here.  I would choose Wong's Jr over this place.  Good China is just that--Good, not Great.  If you're in this area and you're looking for chinese, go to Wong's Jr.~chicken egg chicken egg 
Hot & Sour soup is a favorite of ours and since the old Eddie Chan's closed and sold the name we have searched.  Good China makes a nice one, plus their luncheon menu is well priced, the portions are more than ample and the food is tasty.  The only negative we found were the egg rolls which were very good but soaked up oil.  A much hotter frying oil would crisp them up and rate them up there with the Hot & Sour Soup.  Overall, good, inexpensive lunch with a pleasant atmosphere and nice people.  Try it, we will again.~egg 
First impression. Not bad. It's a clean place. Staff is friendly. They were blasting some 80's music inside. Not my thing but hey... Lol. So I ordered the Kung Pao chicken. The girlfriend got the Sweet and Sour chicken. I'm always on a mission to find some Kung Pao that can beat Chows Asian Bistro in Albuquerque. Sadly it doesn't top Chows. The food was good don't get me wrong. As stated in a review from someone else. It's good not great. My girlfriend also got a Long Island Iced Tea. She said that was awesome. All in all not a bad place. I'd go here again probably.~chicken. chicken. tea. 
I'm always on a quest for General Tso's chicken. You really wouldn't think that Chinese food would be regional in the US but it is really different here than the east coast. If you are from the east coast...do not get the General Tso's chicken here...you will be disappointed. I did find a place that is pretty darn close. Follow me or look at my reviews if you want to know where. Anyway, they have pretty amazing food here. The pepper steak is the best I've found in the West valley. The lettuce wraps are delightful too. Not too crazy about their egg rolls though. They seem to be a bit on the soggy side. I usually get it to go on the way home. Since I don't eat in I couldn't feel good on giving any extra stars. I'll edit my review if I ever dine in. Suffice it to say that the food is pretty good here and I've never been unsatisfied.~chicken. chicken steak lettuce wraps 
Ugh. This Starbucks is not one of my favourites. The product and staff deserve more than 2 stars--the coffee and friendliness is usually great, however this is one of the dirtier locations I've ever set foot in. The bathroom was unusably dirty when I was there today and every free table was covered in trash or a mess...~coffee 
I was forced to show my face at a Starbucks out of necessity for wi-fi. Feeling super douchey, I walked in an ordered a small raspberry iced tea, which was admittedly really good. The girl taking my order was super chatty and peppy. THE WI-FI WAS COMPLETE GARBAGE, and that's what's giving the most weight to my review. It took me about 20 minutes to even get connected, and it was painfully slow thereafter. Boo.~tea, 
I've been to better locations than this one and I would say this is so far the worse one I've been to.  They have signs all around the store promoting their new summer drinks and encouraging customers to go purchase it. So we went to order the mango black tea lemonade and they told us it was sold out! REALLY?! On a hot summer weekend, while this drink is on promotion all around the restaurant, inside and outside, you don't stock up enough inventory to make this drink?! I felt very disappointed!   So we ordered the sparkling passion tango tea pineapple which they suggested that was really good too but we requested with less ice. As we got our drink, we were disappointed! It was super sweet like drinking sugar water with not much flavour because the sweetness overrides everything. And less ice? We got totally NO ICE at all!! Which was extremely disappointing because on a hot summer day in the afternoon when it's 30 degrees outside, all I want is a cold, refreshing drink to cool me down, not a room temperature sugar water which I pay $5 for!!! And it's suppose to be sparkling, not even close, tastes like pop that you have opened for over 2 hours sitting in the heat. I'm pretty sure you know what I'm talking about!  Think the drink was disappointing enough, guess again, the washroom was WORSE!! Once I walk in, it was a messy disaster!! There's shredded toilet paper all over the floor, zero toilet paper, floor was dirty and messy, felt like I walked into a port-a-potty. DISGUSTING x 100000  I will never want to ever step into this location ever again!!~mango tea tea pineapple 
A pleasant break from the madness of Las Vegas, the Chuck Jones Experience is worth a quick visit for any fan of vintage animation.  The "Experience" is a small walk-through museum featuring a replica of Chuck Jones drawing room and library, some larger-than-life dioramas of famous characters, original sketches and artwork, and a collection of awards, letters and telegrams.  The colors and architectural design make it feel as if you are stepping into your very own cartoon.  The exhibit is somewhat hard to find due to minimal signage and the enormity of Circus Circus.  (It is closer to the adventure dome than the circus midway.) Retail vendors at Circus Circus shopping areas tended to be a bit too enthusiastic for my taste as I walked the gauntlet from the parking lot to the exhibit.  At nearly $20 for adults and $15 for kids, I felt the experience was somewhat overpriced, especially for a family.    As a museum that pays tribute to an important animator, the exhibitors would have done better to include more historical information for adults.  As a big fan of animation, I would have appreciated a guidebook, placards, or even QR codes to explain in more detail the stories behind many of the pieces on display. While there were some interactive elements for children, there should have been a few more hands-on elements to hold their interest. It was a treat to see original Bugs Bunny, Road Runner, White Seal and Grinch illustrations, but the Tom and Jerry years were conspicuously absent.~white 
I'm a huge Chuck Jones fan, as this artist and director was behind so many memorable Looney Tunes shorts like "One Froggy Evening" (that introduced us to Michigan J. Frog), the "Rabbit of Seville" (where Elmer Fudd gets a "haircut" he will never forget), and the surreal "Duck Amuck" (where an animator with two long ears and a bushy tail torments Daffy Duck).   So the prospect of a museum dedicated to this man and his work, the Chuck Jones Experience at Circus Circus, had me writhing in anticipation from the moment I heard about it.  That anticipation dragged on for a few months, as every time a new opening date was announced, it was pushed back a month later, again and again. The Chuck Jones Experience just wasn't ready yet.  Unfortunately, now that it finally is in full operation, it still feels unfinished and unready, and my initial excitement has quickly turned into disappointment. The exhibit opens up with a small movie theatre that introduces you to Chuck Jones and his work through a number of film clips that seemed a bit grainy and dithered on the screen they were projected upon. It then leads you into his office where you can get a peek at his desk and peruse the bookshelf and the books that inspired him; this was one of the more interesting parts of the exhibit as I wondered how books like "Cosmos" by Carl Sagan, Francois Truffaut's interviews with "Hitchcock", and several books by Mark Twain might have influenced him throughout his career.  The next room explores how some of the more famous characters were designed and the "rules" animators needed to follow to ensure continuity. While there was a lot to see and absorb in this very small room, I started feeling a bit of dread as I was already halfway through this very short exhibit and had barely been in there 10 minutes.  The experience continues into one of its larger rooms that features scale models of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner. While this room offers nothing more than a fun photo opportunity, it will probably be the most appealing to any children you might be dragging along with you, as the room that follows contains more pencil art, some actual scripts, a gallery of paintings, and an impressive wall listing each cartoon Chuck Jones has worked on, which kids will probably stare at for a second and quickly run past.  While this gallery tries to cover the whole body of his work -- from early cartoon ideas, to his work on How the Grinch Stole Christmas, to a number of unique oils -- there are no real explanations as to what you are seeing. There are no cards explaining why Chuck Jones chose to parody Van Gogh's self portrait using a bandaged Wile E., when these painting were made, and whether they were created just for fun or commissioned by someone else. They're just there, hanging on the wall, their colorful and vibrant canvases merely an afterthought.  The next and final room of the experience might also appeal to children, as it tries to explain how cartoons are inked and painted, and how foley and sound effects are added to the soundtrack.This part of the exhibit could have been a lot more interesting and interactive if it followed the model used by the awesome Sounds Dangerous exhibit at Disney's Hollywood Studios in DisneyWorld, which is not much bigger than this exhibit, but so much better organized. Unfortunately, the foley "stage" was nothing more than a couple of computer workstations (equipped with a microphone, maraca and triangle), one of which was already out of order.  Meanwhile, the "ink and paint" station was simply an electronic, on-screen coloring book that allowed you to color in the lines and nothing more, which might only appeal to children three years old and younger. Aside from a working zoetrope machine, this section of the exhibit did not touch upon animation's rich history: how thousands of individual drawings were traced with ink on celluloid, then hand painted, and then photographed one at a time. It fails to offer guests a way to experience that facet of the animation process (either with examples, a short film, or a guide) and appreciate the tools Chuck Jones had available to him in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s, when some of his best cartoons were made.  And that's pretty much the whole tour and "experience". Exit through the gift shop. Eh? What's up with that, doc?  While the curators suggested the museum was still in its infancy and will be growing over the next few months, I would have preferred to wait a bit longer, even a whole year, and experienced something grander instead of being so disappointed by its meager content and slapdash atmosphere. Indeed, in its current state, this exhibit might only appeal to die-hard fans or burgeoning cartoonists who might appreciate some of the the scraggly notations Chuck Jones left on a few drawings and documents.  As Bugs Bunny might say: "I knew I should have taken that left turn at Albuquerque." Maybe I could have avoided this mess.~seville" date 
Me and my hubby ordered a small philly cheesesteak (each) and the amount of meat and veggies they give you is ridiculous!  It's all bread and definitely not worth the price. The chili cheese fries are also small but tasted good.~cheese fries 
I have been here a few times and have not had a bad experience. Their food tastes great although I will mention they are light-handed on the veggies. You will generally only get a few on the cheesesteak sandwich. I have never ordered anything else except cheesesteaks and fries (after all it is Charlie's Philly Steaks). They taste great and the food is cooked right in front of you. The fries are perfectly crispy. I will continue to come back~sandwich. fries ( steaks) fries 
It is such a convenient location for walking around the mall. Easy enough to get to even if you just want a sandwich. I always get the buffalo chicken sandwich. Cooked fast and right in front of you. The french fries are also cooked well and put in the oil right after they are ordered. I have never had a bad meal from there. The sandwiches are priced reasonably for the amount of food that you get!~sandwich. chicken sandwich. french fries 
A complete ripoff. Got a steak and cheese.Paid extra for more mushrooms and got 1 sliver and a half of a mushroom, two slivers of a pepper, and a few slivers of onions. Peppers and mushrooms  were razor thin. When I saw how stingy they were with the vegetables I asked them politely if they could put extra.With the look of disgust,they replied 50 Cent,50cent.For a second I thought the rapper 50 Cent had walked into the food court, but then realized they were just trying to get $.50 more out of me for something I had already paid for. I then told him I had already paid extra and he replied,that's the recipe I can't change it! That's when I looked at him with the same disgusted face that he gave me, and said quite loudly, you are ripping me off, and I want my money back.It was only then, in embarrassment, that he added a slightly bit more of the vegetables that I had already paid for. Is this what it takes to get good service these days?  These so called restaurants are going to need to step up their game and get back to quality and value if they want to get a good review from me or anyone else. Needless to say, I will not be going back to Charlie's Philly steak!!!!!!!!~steak mushrooms mushroom, mushrooms steak! 
For how expensive this meal was ($8 and change) I was really disappointed by how little was given. I got the veggie delight and to my dismay, they didn't use much veggies. My sandwich was mostly bread. I won't be back.~sandwich 
Out shopping with a friend. We each got our own and met in the middle to share. She got the cheesesteak, and won because my meal was horrible. My advice is to NOT eat at the outlet at all, maybe a Starbucks. Then go to Kai or Rawhide. Seriously. Ugh. The cheese steak was edible. Not much on it and the small was SMALL. Still a win over the Wok place next door.~cheese steak 
Very basic ''simple" hamburger shop. I really loved this place.  Small, barely any place to eat, its probably better as a take-out place, but still great.   I liked the burger a lot, the meat was tasty, buns fresh, and fresh crisp vegetables.   For what it is, a great place.~burger 
This closet of a burger joint is definitely worth stopping by for a quick bite. Mean manly grill in the window, deliciously juicy meat patties sizzling on the grill, and freshly chopped up seasoned potatoes tossed on beside the burger.  Its cheap for a good portion and a yummy burger to hit the spot. Most of the staff is really friendly..fellow university students are basically the whole staff. Nothing fancy, just a good cheap burger to fill your tummy. :)~burger burger. burger burger 
I have eaten here on a few occasions in the past. For lunch, before going out at night, and after an evening of drinking... it suits all occasions! You can just pick it up and leave, or sit on the few tables and seats available inside. Cheap eat, succulent burgers, and on rare occasions their grilled potatoes can be disappointing but on most days, they're good!~burgers, 
Awesome simple burgers to end your night. Prep time was a bit long, and I didn't get to try the fries as they were out by 2:30am.~burgers fries 
This may just be my ultimate guilty pleasure. I remember when Buns was a hole in the wall institution, just grease and even greasier dudes, probably high, serving up burgers and potato wedges at 2 am. There's more than one Buns location now, but it's still what I crave on a drunken summer night. The portebella burger is excellent, marinated to perfection, and the bun is just right. The potato wedges are hit or miss, sometimes slightly undercooked, but usually down right delicious. This is drunk food at it's best.~burgers potato burger potato 
Not bad at all. Not really a place to sit at, but is a good alternative to McDonalds.. Burgers are good...Fries, not so much.. Friendly staff, but burgers take FOREVER to be made. All in all, decent place. Oh, and, super cheap! Speaking of which, cash only... at least that was the case the last time I was there!~burgers fries, burgers 
It's theres one thing I've learned from years of watching TV's Gordon Ramsey shout at people and call them cunt faces, it's that the key to running a good restaurant is simplicity. "K'maan Big Boy, fuckin' simple, yes? Simple!" he'd get in their face and holler as they're brazing something over an open fire. If Mr. Ramsey's success in the culinary world is any indication, he knows what he's talking about. Buns, the little burger stand on Saint-Catherine in Montreal, is about the simplest take-out place I've ever seen (save for the homeless fellow who once offered to sell me ham).  The menu is simple, just Hamburgers, Double Hamburgers, grilled Potatoes and cans of pop. The layout is simple, just 1 large grill framed by a giant open window, with 2 or 3 tables in the back. Prices are simple (I believe it was $2 & $3, no penny amounts in sight) even the name and logo design are simple. If Buns were a font, it'd be Helvetica.  I won't say the man behind the grill was simple, because that's mean. He seemed to be enjoying himself and had an uncanny ability to switch between English and French at will, without a trace of accent. I got the hamburger (made into a cheeseburger at no extra cost), it took about 3-4 minutes and it was juicy and delicious. The meat was fresh off the grill and lightly seasoned with steak spice. The veggies were crunchy and crisp, and just the right amount of sauces were added. Oddly enough, for a place called Buns, the bun was probably the worst part (oh, sweet irony!), it was a little bland and crusty for my liking.  Its refreshing to come across a take-out place that does one thing and does it well. I was never offered to turn it into a wrap for 99 cents, or if I'd like pan-seared avocados on top with a glaze made of ostrich egg yolk. No BS. Just simple cheap hamburgers, made efficiently.  Right on, Buns!~burger steak egg 
L'un des meilleurs burger de la ville ! Tout y est simple   Voici les détails - La cuisson est simple et se fait devant vous, - l'intérieur est souvent petit , je dirais même minuscule...et donc simple - Les frites/patates sont parfaites ...et simple - Le prix est super abordable...5 $ pour un burger et 2$ pour les frites.  En tant qu'adepte du proverbre : " La simplicité est la sophistication suprême" par Leonardo Da Vinci. J'approuve !~burger burger 
Supposément les meilleurs burgers à Montréal (selon le sondage du Mirror en 2010). Largement surestimé.  Le prix d'un burger complet (un patty, du fromage, tomates, laitue, ketchup, moutarde, cornichon) est passé à cinq dollars. Un deuxième patty peut être ajouté pour deux dollars de plus. Il y aussi un veggie burger pour $5 et des patates cuites sur la grille à $2. Des boissons sont aussi offerts pour $1 chacun.  Malheureusement, le patty -- dont l'épaisseur n'impressionne pas tellement -- a été cuit si longtemps qu'il est devenu quasiment blanc à l'intérieur et sec comme une semelle de chaussure. Faut bien mastiquer.  En plus de cela, en place de la musique agréable ils nous jouaient une sorte de fracas immonde de nouvelle-techno composée de sons nintendo et de cris percants qui ressemblait au gémissements d'un chat torturé. Affreux.  Le service n'était pas très rapide (en partie parce que les burgers sont laissés si longtemps sur la grille), mais soigné.  Vaut la peine de chercher votre burger ailleurs.~burgers burger burger burgers burger 
So far, one of my favourite burgers! I love the simplicity of the place! a burger is like $5 and if I'm not mistaken, they have a veggie burger! I'm not a big fan of their potatoes though.~burgers! burger burger! 
Horrible. There's a reason its so cheap.  Dry burger, and the guys obviously have no idea how long it takes a potato to cook, because mine were still raw.~burger, potato 
This is a little hole in the wall on St. Catherine's that I think has one of the best burgers in this city. It's hard to find a good burger in Montreal, that's true, but this place REALLY takes the cake. Especially for the insanely great price.  The menu goes like this: Burger $5 Double Burger $8 Fries $2 Drink $1 Vege-Burger $5 Cheese is free. TAX INCLUDED  You go in, order your burger and then you sit and wait till it's ready. There's a fridge you can just grab a drink whenever and then at the very end of your meal before you leave, the cashier will ask how many drinks you've had, you pay and go. I have 2 things I love about this: 1. It's nice seeing that they trust you in the number of drinks you've taken. 2. THERE'S NO TAX! If it's $5, you're paying $5! I LOVE that. So convenient!  Their fries are marinated in oil and Montreal steak peppers and then grilled. They're cut into slices and they're not exactly crispy. I think they're a very original recipe on fries.  That's my opinion, I honestly have no idea why other people are saying it's normal. I think the meat is delicious! It's also seasoned with Montreal steak peppers.  A tip though: The branch on St. Catherine's St. is by far the best tasting, has the best atmosphere and the best music. No idea why that is.~burgers burger cake. burger burger fries burger cheese burger fries steak fries. steak 
3 burgers, 2 sodas, grill fries, and tip for a little under $20 is not bad! The guy making food was really nice, and the place seemed like a pretty busy (though small) burger joint. No complaints about the burger (nothing amazing, but not at all bad) or the buns (unique but pretty good). A nice quick place to refuel.~burgers, fries, burger burger ( 
I disagree with the people below in that I think Buns IS mindblowing.   All dressed with extra cheese and hot sauce, people, come on.    4 dollars of yummmm.~cheese 
The burger is great but don't take the fries, it's like a slimy patato soup it's disgusting, seriously!~burger fries, 
This BUNS location is shared with a falafel type place. You go in, and it looks dirty and there are only places to stand. Ugly pictures of food are painted on the walls.  Then you go to the counter and ask the burger guy to make you your order. He isn't wearing gloves and looks like he just crawled out of a dark alleyway. You pray that all the char and flames on the burger kill the germies under his fingernails. But wait, those same dirty hands put all the toppings on the burger and touch your dirty money that you pay with. Cash only, if you were wondering.  Then you stand around the disgarded furniture and half-put together crap in the room and eat the burger. It tastes pretty good. You think to yourself - thank GOD bacteria and germs have no taste to interfere with this.  Okay look - the burger itself, isolated from the whole place, tastes good. But Jesus Christ, doesn't food inspection come by ever to these little hole in the wall places? It is just disgusting to be touching everything, not washing hands, and not wearing gloves at least. Handling food money and who knows what else is just disgusting. The place itself could use a little tidy up and make over too.  I'm not going back. And if I have diarrhea, I know why.~burger burger burger burger. burger 
I haven't been sick from them so that's a good point. Maybe it's a little long for a burger, though I understand it's something you rush. About the best burger, the meat is great and it pretty much taste like when you grill yourself burgers on a bbq. It's good!  The issue they have in my opinion is they are understaff. For OBVIOUS sanitary reasons, they should always have 2 employee AT ALL TIME. one on the grill and they other one AT THE CASH ONLY! It's a basic concept and if this place closes soon it will only be because on bad sanitary conditions.  I like their cheeseburger, but in terms of burger they are missing some important stuff for a perfect 5 and here's what it is  1: BACON! Yup, they don't have bacon on their burgers! 2: Cheese variety: I like mozzarella but on a cheeseburger I'd like swiss cheese or REAL slices of fresh cheddar 3: Real Fries! when you ask a Patates, it takes a long moment and most of the time it's not well cooked. Home fries and Onion Rings are important with a burger or some kind of chip.  Buns c'est un burger malade! Vraiment bien assaisonné. De quoi à nous rappeler nos exploits sur le BBQ. Le probleme avec cette place la c'est:  1: faut qu'ils aient plus de staff: au moins 2 en tout temps. 1 a la caisse et 1 sur le grill 2: Plus de condiment, du bacon!!! cristi! du Bacon c'est comme un méga-classique sur un burger. Et si on en mange pas souvent des hamburgers, quand on en mange un, on veut se gâter avec une petite folie comme du bacon, pas vrai!  2: des Vraies frites. Ben oui toi! tu regardes l'espace de travail, tu attends après ton burger et tu cogites sans cesse en  te disant: y me manque quelque chose! Des frites, des vraies frite maison!  Simplement dit, Buns pourrait être une franchise très populaire s'ils avaient une gestion plus solide et un profesionalisme plus éprouvé.  Des vrais frites, du vrai bacon, des condiments frais  du bon fromage et puis le tour est joué!~burger, burger, burgers burger bacon! bacon burgers! cheese mozzarella cheese fries! fries onion rings burger burger bacon! bacon burger. bacon, burger bacon, 
I went here after a few beers and chowed-down on a double cheese burger and a shake - I was not disappointed!  I've decided that I'm off 'fancy' burgers. I'm going to say that if your burger is 'fancy', it's not actually a burger - it's just a trumped-up sandwich.  This burger was made quickly, with good meat patties, a select few toppings (nothing crazy, just the classics), and wasn't expensive.  On their own, I'd probably give this place 3 stars for their burgers, but I gave this place an extra star for their shakes. Mine was plenty chocolatey, and thick as concrete - just the way I like them.~cheese burger 
I love dives, love them. You find the tastiest fast food in those. And someone opened a new one and went to great lengths to NOT make it look like a chain restaurant. They went for the street-food look but indoors. The logo design for Buns is reminiscent of the 70s. All the place need was a few pinball machines and it could have passed for The Hub from That 70s Show.  The place feels like a couple of students got tired of working for McDonald's and opened up this joint to keep working during their studies but I could be terribly wrong. The menu couldn't be simpler. You have Hamburgers, Double-Hamburgers, Roasted Potatoes and Soft-Drinks. And that's it - of course cheese is an option on the burgers and it's free. Everything is prepared on a single fire grill parked in the window display to attract pedestrian traffic indoors, keeping with the street food inspiration.  If you've been keeping up, that's right, no fries but grilled potatoes. And that's a great change from the insane amount of fried potatoes we get to eat in the period of a month. And they are pretty damn tasty and much more filling than fries.  I wish I could be as enthusiastic about the burger though. Sadly there's nothing to be wowed about the BUNS Burger. It's a standard issued dry over-cooked burger you've eaten before at your uncle's poolside BBQ during the summer time. Good filler but a good burger it is not. The meat was dry, unseasoned, bland and very ordinary chuck. The bun was good so were the fixings. But an ordinary burger, nothing to make me understand why everyone in the dive were raving about the burgers? Maybe the patrons are also tired of eating pre-fabs at the food chains and simply enjoy the home-made taste of BUNS and I so get that. But the patty could have used a little imagination to seriously create a demarcation point from your run of the mill burger.~cheese burgers fries potatoes. fries. burger burger. burger burger burger, burgers? burger. 
After passing by and seeing it has won "best burger in Montreal" a good handful of times I had high hopes for this place. I am kind of a burger snob, being from Southern California, the land of In N Out, so I take my burgers seriously. This place was nothing fanastic. Flavorless, like a greyhound bus station burger.  The burger tasted dry; and the price isnt cheap enough for me to look pass the flavorless quality. I prefer patati patata, or l'anecdote, the meat is juicer and the veggis fresher.  Maybe if youre drunk it tastes better; maybe I just had a bad cook that day? Either way, I'm not a fan.~burger burger burgers burger. burger 
The concept at Buns is pretty simple; they serve burgers , fries and pop.  That's pretty much it.  Occasionally they'll have a monthly special such as sausages, bison burgers or sweet potato fries but that's about it.  I'm kind of glad that Buns sticks to what they do best.  The food is inexpensive; 5$ for a beef burger, 4$ for a marinated portabello burger and 2$ for fries and cheese for your burger is always free.  When the bars close, there's always a huge line of drunk people waiting for food.  It's totally worth putting up with drunk idiots to get the food from Buns.  They have THE BEST burgers I think I've ever had.    The decor is done "take-out" style, so it's not amazing.  But the places gets packed during rushes, so they probably don't want you sticking around too long anyways.  If you're looking for some delicious, vegetarian friendly, inexpensive take out food, then this is an amazing choice!~burgers , fries burgers sweet potato 
There are not many good burger places in Montreal. This one is decent good for a cheap bite, but nothing mind blowing.~burger 
I can summarize this review as "decent food, bad service".  We (party of four) walked right in on a Sunday evening and were seated immediately. Only two customers were seated in the restaurant when we came in, and they received their food around the time we placed our orders.   Ordering was difficult because they were out of many things, including goat, ox tail, ginger beer, and a few more things I didn't quite catch (appetizers, etc.)  We finished our order, and after we had waited for twenty minutes, the waitress finally brought out one person's garden salad. Ten minutes later, after the salad was long finished,  she brought out the appetizer we had ordered.  By this point, the couple who had been eating their meal had already left- we were the only people waiting for food.  Another fifteen minutes later, the waitress came to tell us the food would be right out, but then there was ANOTHER ten minute wait before it actually did come out.  Just shy of an hour after we had put in our order, the food reached the table. It was pretty good, but not worth waiting an hour for, especially when we were the only people waiting for food.   I might come back here again to give it a second chance, but my first impression was really lousy. Moderately good food (maybe 3.5 out of 5) matched with inexcusably long wait times. It took them just under an hour to cook four meals with a practically empty house. (Though I guess it's possible that they might have been making takeout meals,  preparing ingredients for the next day, or some other thing that would occupy the kitchen.)~ginger appetizers, salad. salad 
Jerk chicken was good and the hot sauce was really good. I had a jerk or hot shrimp app and it was also good. Make sure your up for an extra long dinner. Nice people and service it's just on island time, madd slow.~chicken shrimp 
SO SLOOOOOOOW.   I really like their jerk chicken. From what I've heard, it's pretty authentic, especially the part where they literally butcher chop the chicken into random pieces. If you order their Jerk Chicken, you can get a leg, or maybe a wing, or maybe a cut of something and something else, or... who knows, it's a surprise. I've never tried ordering a specific part of the chicken, but I bet they would just look at me funny if I did.  But yes, their service is extremely slow. So slow that you would think there is only one person in the back doing the work of 4 people, but I don't think that's the case. I think it's just the culture of the business they run. Go prepared to stay there longer than your typical hour or so because you will be waiting. Expect to repeat things multiple times to the server, who is usually very sweet but also forgetful and unattentive. If you want something, ask for it specifically.   I literally sat there for 2.5 hours one time. I had decent company, so it wasn't that bad, but I was STARVING. I was craving their jerk sauce, so I had just to wait. If you really like a good kick, ask for their homemade hot sauce. I can take some pretty spicy things, and this one is enough to make me cringe. Because it's homemade, ithe hotness does differ from time to time.   I haven't tried anything else there, but if I am waiting an 45-60 mins on average for food, I want to make sure it's the best thing on the menu.~chicken. chicken chicken, chicken, 
On a rainy evening, while in search of this little place, I passed by a shuttered restaurant and saw the dimly lit words " Royal Caribbean" and "Jamaican" and went NOOOOOOOO!!!!! All that traveling halfway through Pittsburgh for this much raved about Jerk Chicken and it ran out of business?  Then I squinted through the rain, looked closer and saw that the place that closed shop was actually called "Islands Tast" (That is not my typo) and that I was actually a block from my real destination.  Calming down slightly from my momentary panic attack, I arrived at The Royal Caribbean and went indoors.  Whoa that interior was small.  You enter and just like that the ordering counter is right in front of you with maybe a few short feet of moving space between you and the wall.  The matronly lady by the counter casually asked me am I new to the place?  With a  nod, I answered yes and went about my business of ordering.  The rice orders comes as either small or large, the large being about $2 more per order.  Thinking that I wanted try more then one selection here, I chose two small orders, assuming it'll be tiny enough to manage. My thought when my orders came was, "Damn if that is the small size, I can't imagine the big one."  The portion size was generous. There was no Homemade Ginger Beer that was very disappointing, and no Cabbage on this Tuesday evening.   My orders:  Jerk Chicken.  This dish must be filled with crack.  It's so moist, juicy, flavorful, and surprisingly had a decent spicy kick to it.  The meat was of the fall of the bone variety and the skin was peppery, well spiced, and slightly soft but not soggy.  The rice with beans that I chose with this order was just as good.The beans infuses the incredibly  soft rice with it's flavor and gives it a slightly sweet taste.  Not that I know what crack is like mind you.  No.. really.  I just assumed that it's like eating this dish. Once I start, I can't stop. Help me... I think it's my new addiction.....  One of the best Jerk Chicken I've had in Pittsburgh.  Curry Goat with a side of salad.  It's pretty tasty if you could get past the gamy taste of this particular type of meat.  The chunks of goat meat were tender if a bit chewy, and pieces of it came with the bones still attached.  The rice this time was infused with the non spicy green curry sauce that smothered the whole dish.  The side salad came in it's own small Styrofoam container.  I was expecting a typical bland salad but this pleasantly surprised me.  The salad was drenched in a light semi sweet dressing and consists of (from my memory) leafy greens, raisins, red peppers, yellow peppers, cucumbers, onions and probably one or two ingredients I don't recall.  I would happily order the larger version of this from the menu if I had to.  I took everything to go.     Luckily, this place is located across the street from  In warmer weather, I suggest taking it to go and eating it nearby.  I think I could understand why that other Jamaican Restaurant had to close down.  It's hard to imagine staying in business with a rival that makes food as fantastic as this place only a mere block away.  Especially  with that Crack Chic... I mean Jerk  Chicken.  ************************************************** **~chicken ginger cabbage chicken. chicken salad. salad salad salad greens, chicken. 
Service was horrendous and the wait was even worse.  Took an hour  for shrimp, a food that takes 6 minutes to cook.  The food was descent but not worth the wait.  I could also hear arguing going on in the kitchen while i was waiting.  Will not be returning and would rather go to Abay next door.~shrimp, 
The curry tofu is delicious.    Our first time there  The owner came out and Gave us free appetizers because they were taking longer than normal to make our meal.  After a dozen times or so,  he came out and made us try his hottest sauce and then shots of very strong rum.   Very good.   They recently added more kitchen staff, so the wait is less than it used to be.   Worth the wait for the food though.  BYOB~tofu appetizers 
If you like "Jerk" style food, they do this well here. If they have it in stock, they also offer exotic items like "Bammy," "Oxtail" and home-made ginger beer. Of course, they didn't have these available when we were there. Sadly, the ginger beer was substituted with "Champagne Kola" which has so much sugar in it (43 g per bottle) that it is more like syrup than a drinkable beverage. I am pretty sure all the regulars here have developed or are about to develop type II diabetes. We saw several tables down these sodas as if they were water.   But back to the food. The plantain appetizer was tasty. My jerk chicken was quite good with just the right amount of kick to it. My dining companions selected the jerk shrimp which they also enjoyed. The service was a bit confusing with various people coming to our table at various times and some confusion regarding our side dishes. The side dishes were not particularly memorable to either me or to my boyfriend. Overall, it was a fine experience but not one I would go out of my way to repeat.~ginger ginger plantain chicken shrimp 
As others have said, this is not fast food.   But damn, I will be dreaming about the jerk shrimp for the next decade.   This is a small restaurant with a cook in the back and a waitress / hostess in the front. I wouldn't be surprised if they're all in the same family.   I wasn't as impressed with the main dishes as the jerk shrimp appetizer. I thought the brown sauce was a little heavy / oily. Unfortunately, I didn't save room for the Jamaican Rum cake but I would love to try it. They were also out of quite a few items including the escovitch fish and ginger beer.   Overall, it's a charming restaurant with friendly staff that are obviously trying their best. They fall short on the speed and keeping all the ingredients in stock, but not on the taste, and that's what's most important.~shrimp shrimp brown cake ginger 
My mom and I went here together after work yesterday. It is a very small restaurant and fairly easy to miss, if you're not looking for it. The interior is also quite small, but has adequate tables in front of a small ordering counter. Although for dine in, the waitress will come to your table.  I ordered the jerk chicken and my mom ordered the goat curry, which they were unfortunately out of. (I had been looking forward to trying that dish, too!) So instead she ordered the brown stewed chicken. For our sides we both selected the rice and beans (which they list as "rice and peas") and mixed vegetables. One small problem: the entrees are supposed to come with two side dishes included. However, apparently the second menu line of sides are upcharged $2.50. There really is no distinction between the lines, so we ended up paying an extra $5 for mixed vegetables (two orders). It's fairly misleading on the menu.  The food however is DELICIOUS. And if I could break the ratings down, I would give them:  Food: 5 stars Service: 3 stars Speed: 2 stars  There was only one lady working (plus the cooks in the back) so it was very slow just to get our order, bill, etc, but I felt bad for her as she really was doing a good job but just had her hands full. I'm wondering if it is usually only her or if they were just short staffed that night.  Anyway, the food was remarkable!! My jerk chicken was spicy, but not excessively so. (But still very spicy! Beware!) Both chicken dishes were extremely tender and juicy, just the way I love meat. Both of the dishes tasted authentic, including the fairly runny juices surrounding them. (And my family used to live in the Caribbean, so they tasted like what we were expecting.) My mom's brown stewed chicken was not excessively salty, which she liked.  The rice and beans were also excellently spiced but not greasy. The mixed vegetables (which included zucchini, cauliflower, onions and carrots) were good, but not that authentic and unfortunately they were out of the greens that night.  I would certainly go back, and I am hoping to return soon in order to try the goat curry! I also want to try the Jamaican rum cake on their dessert menu. If you enjoy adventurous eating (especially in Pittsburgh!) I encourage you to check out Royal Caribbean. :)~chicken brown chicken. peas" chicken chicken brown chicken zucchini, cauliflower, greens cake 
I came here with a group of seven girls, and that makes it very hard for restaurants to serve speedily and efficiently, but I felt like our waitress did a great job considering our group's size, the fact that it was her first day, and that she was the only server in the restaurant!  We brought our own wine, which had a $2.50 fee for the bottle - it's nice when BYOB is free, but $2.50 split between several people is really nothing, so no biggie. She opened the wine for us and brought glasses.  I know that a few people ordered non-alcoholic drinks and did not receive them, but were initially charged for them on the check, so we had to get that fixed.  Minor hassle.  We began with fried green plantains which were hot and crispy - they were served with ketchup, but when we asked if they had any other sauce, she brought us out something more flavorful to try!  I think everyone like their entrees.  I know the flavor of mine was fantastic - the server recommended the BBQ Jerk Chicken, with their homemade BBQ sauce, and it really was great.  I don't think it's too spicy for anybody who can eat Thai and Indian food at a moderate spice level, but it does have heat so I would not recommend it to someone who can't handle that.  Anyway the flavor was great, but there just....wasn't much chicken!  There were 4 pieces but it seemed to be mostly bone/connective tissue - the meat-to-bone ratio was sadly low.  The meat was so juicy, I would've loved a bigger portion, or bigger pieces of meat!  I got black beans and rice/peas for my sides.  Heads up people - "rice and peas" = rice and beans, so don't go blaming the restaurant for getting your side dish wrong.  The sides were very mild in flavor, which was nice because they served to calm the palate after the spicier entree.  We were there for an hour and 45 minutes before we'd all paid, so things did move a bit slowly, but we didn't really mind.  Sounds like other people are saying that the restaurant is often slow, so heads up about that.  The waitress also brought our checks before asking if we wanted dessert, and I know some people wanted cake, so that might be in their best interest to fix!  All in all, a tasty and authentic meal.  I would loooove to up my review to 4-stars, which I would do if I came back and got another great-tasting meal that had a larger portion!~chicken, thai chicken! black beans peas" cake, 
I've never had caribbean food before. So for my first time, I wanted to try it all. I was actually part of a group that was invited to sample the food.  I had all kinds of good appetizers and entrees. I can't remember the name of all of it.  The dishes I remember and liked are the jerk chicken, jerk shrimp, curry goat, curry shrimp, some small fish, Mac and cheese, and brown stewed chicken.  The jerk shrimp had a nice punch of spiciness.  All the chicken and goat was very good.  The meat broke apart when I stuck my fork into it. You definitely can tell everything was well made.  I mention the Mac and cheese because the chef took the liberty to changing it up a bit.  He added some peppers to it. It came out real good.   Out of all the dishes, I loved this small fish but I don't remember the name.  It was so flavorful and good. It was a whole fish, not a filet like most places.  The bone, head, tail was still on.  Many people were surprise to see it like that. But for me, that's how mom and a dad fry fish.    We talk to the the chef, Ben, quite a bit.  He made it clear that his food is real food.  When he buys ingredients, he buys the good stuff. He grows his own peppers, he buys fresh meat locally, and he takes time to create recipes you won't find anywhere else.  I also noticed he was very vocal to his employees.  If something wasn't done right or if something was below average, he had no problem voicing his concern.  The food for the people already there before me definitely took a while to get there but I'm sure it was in great quality.  There was only one waitress and one manager there. They were super nice.  The place is small and it definitely not fancy. But if  you want good caribbean food and a personal touch from the chef, give this  place a try.~appetizers chicken, shrimp, shrimp, mac and cheese 
Food: many authentic Caribbean dishes to chose from, two vegetarian appetizers and two vegetarian entrees, from a strictly vegetarian perspective the food was average at best, the options sounded delicious but tasted barely mediocre, the choices for side dishes were not appealing and weren't too satisfying to eat either, the salad was one of the worst we've ever encountered (only dressing choices were ranch and caeser, at a caribbean restaurant), however the mango-pineapple-carrot ginger beer was one of the best drinks we have ever tasted anywhere and definitely worth the $3.50  Price: very favorable prices across the board, reasonable  Drinks: BYOB  Atmosphere: very small dining room with tables against the wall and one big table in the middle, not good, not bad, very average  Service: the staff was friendly, but we got the feeling our waitress had just started waiting tables that day (as in 15 years old and confused about how to do it), she spoke very fast and was difficult to understand, we both ordered mashed potatoes as sides and after waiting 25 minutes for our entrees she told us they were out of mashed potatoes as we were served the entrees and we had to pick something else, when we went to pick something else we learned they were also out of several other sides narrowing our choices, we ordered rice with peas and when the rice came out it had kidney beans in it instead  (+): nice people, authentic food, small business that appreciates the patronage, fair prices  (-): inexperienced/confused/untimely service, not good for vegetarians, boring atmosphere  Would I go back again? No.  (if I wasn't a vegetarian, I may give it a second chance)~appetizers salad mango- pineapple- carrot ginger peas kidney beans 
I have no idea what authentic Caribbean food is so I'll try to explain what I tasted and you can go from there.  I ordered a homemade ginger beer to go with my water and I have to say it was the best ginger beer I've ever tasted. It wasn't nearly as carbonated as the ones you'd buy in the bottle such as Reeds and was a little sweeter. The ginger was so intense that by the end of the glass I was sweating a little from the spiciness. It was REALLY good and anyone who enjoys the mild tingle of ginger ale should try it at least once.  As an appetizer I had the fried ripe plantains. They came out golden brown and had a kind of soggy consistency. In my head I was thinking of a crisper appetizer but I thought they were delicious. I'm not sure how they are prepared traditionally. The inside was sweet and a bit tangy and surprisingly was not as similar to a banana as I thought it would be. I really liked them and was impressed at their ability to walk the fence between sweet and savory.  I ordered the jerk chicken as my entree and thought it was awesome. The spiciness keeps pace with you as you eat it. It doesn't overwhelm you right off the bat but by the end of your meal you usually are ready to succumb to its spice. The chicken came bone-in which in my opinion is always a good sign. I hate it when people sacrifice flavor for convenience. The sauce around the chicken was abundant and delicious and the jerk rub was proportioned perfectly for me. I had a sign of "rice and peas" which was more like rice and beans, as well as black beans. The rice was fluffy and abundant and the black beans were really good.  For dessert I had the Jamaican rum cake. It came with a small scoop of ice cream and a decorative fanned out piece of soft, sweet mango. I did not care for the rum cake because, once again, being unfamiliar with Caribbean food I was expecting something else. The cake was incredibly dense, moist and seemed to be full of molasses. I am not a huge fan of molasses so I did not care for it as much. All in all the food here was incredible. The waitress was really nice and kept our drinks filled. No one was in the restaurant as is the usual situation with non-chain restaurants in Pittsburgh so don't let the lack of customers deter you.~ginger ginger ginger ginger brown banana chicken chicken chicken peas" black beans. black beans cake. ice cream mango. cake cake molasses. molasses 
I'm wavering between 3 and 4 stars.  It's a little beyond my student budget for a regular place to eat, and I don't know if the portions and overall food quality justify the prices on everything.  The menu looks like it has a lot of the traditional Caribbean dishes and is easy to navigate.   The main courses we got were worth it though.  They were delicious and definitely left us full.  We had curry goat stew and jerk shrimp, each packing its own solid punch.  The goat was tender and not too gamey.  Some people might not like bones, but I think the meat and marrow off the bones are really the most flavorful parts.  The shrimp dish was well-balanced and was spiced enough to be tasty but not hot-spicy (for me at least).  I love shrimp and generally don't like it masked by sauce, but in this case all the ingredients stood out on their own.  The sauce is great -- I couldn't stop finding things to dip in it and absorb the tangy goodness of it all.  I found it funny they specifically mentioned eating it with a slice of mango, but really, it's an awesome combination.  Took me back to eating fruit with chili salt off street vendors in LA and SE Asia.  The sides were okay and went well with the food, but they weren't anything spectacular.  Mashed potatoes work great for absorbing sauce, btw.  The mac and cheese was good in a way I could eat on a regular basis and not feel too rich, but nothing to brag about.  I really like the atmosphere -- it's relaxed, friendly, with a diverse crowd of families, couples, and groups of friends.  Service is a little absent-minded, but the place is pretty homey so I didn't mind it much.  It's a place to sit around and chat all evening rather than run in and run out.  I'll have to try this place again with some other dishes.  For now, it's a thumbs up for me!~shrimp, shrimp shrimp mango, mac and cheese 
Very delicious and tasty food (we had the ox tail and the jerk chicken).  The service was good, the prices decent and a wide variety of people were dining at the restaurant.  Great place. We will be back!!!~chicken) 
Very good food, friendly service.    The curry goat (my fav. dish) was very good and the jerk chicken even better.   To all those complaining about service give me a break.  Have you never been to a West Indian joint before?  Speedy service is rarely an option go to McDonald's if that is your thing.   I'll go back anytime I'm in Pittsburgh.~chicken 
I've been here several times.  Here's a review of my most recent experience last night.  We got there on a Friday night around 7:30.  We were going to try Spoon but we didn't make a reservation and we would have had to wait until 9.  It wasn't too crowded and there were several open tables.  My experience with this place is the service is very spotty.  Servers have always been friendly, but even when there is noone there you have to flag them down.  We had to wait to get water, then waited again to order.  We had to flag the waitress down to get the check.  I would only go here if you want a leisurely meal.  They were out of fresh ginger beer (which they have been the other two times I've been).  Instead I got a grapefruit soda which was good.  The dumplings they gave us were good, as were the fried ripe plantains.  I got the tofu with brown gravy with mashed potatoes and cabbage.  The vegetables were fresh and tasty, but the tofu tasted a little off, and the sauce was good but nothing truly special.   I wish it was spicier and more flavorful.  The cabbage was just alright, and the mashed potatoes were okay.    The food is reasonably priced.  My friend treated me so I don't know the entire check, but I think with a drink, appetizer, and tip it was probably around $20.  I'll go back if I'm in that area and I don't feel like waiting for some of the other places.~ginger grapefruit tofu brown cabbage. tofu cabbage 
This is my first update of a prior review & this place so DESERVES it! The 1st time I ate here, I ordered out & took it next door. This time I wanted the whole experience. It was a Sunday afternoon around 4 pm. There was one other 6 person party there discussing catering options for their upcoming wedding to be catered by Royal Caribbean.  The waitress was super sweet, prompt, made great recommendations & even offered to comp our appetizer if it did not meet her praises.   We started out with the seafood fritters that came with the best homemade remoulade sauce I have EVER had...extra spicy! They were a nice golden brown & the batter had a slightly sweet taste. For our meal, we flipped the menu over & ordered the chicken 3 ways:stewed, jerked & curried. We got 2 sides that were extra BIG! We chose the beans & rice & cabbage. The cabbage had a sweet flavor, but Ben said no sugar in it only a sweet vinegar. The stewed chicken was my Beau's favorite and the jerk was mine. The jerked chicken is made from a homemade mixture that I had to call Ben (owner & chef) out to the table to find out more about. The jerk mixture has 5 different peppers & is the hottest sauce I have ever had...which is a good thing. I loved it so much he gave me a big bowl to go which will be perfect on fish. Then he offered to bring us goat which was AMAZING!  Our total bill was $29.00 for appetizer, chicken 3 ways & the sides...now ....that I can do....the combo platter on the back of the menu is the best value. There are enough sides for 4 people.   On our way out, Ben got us to try 2 of his homemade juices: 1st fresh squeezed mango, carrot & pineapple...delicious...made me want to buy a juicer & 2nd fresh squeezed ginger and pineapple...not my favorite, but Ben swears by it's medicinal qualities for the belly.  This place is definitely a hidden gem!!!~brown & chicken cabbage. cabbage chicken chicken chicken mango, carrot & pineapple... ginger pineapple... 
Last night was my second visit to Royal Caribbean. The service was a bit slow but we enjoyed our meal.   I had the BBQ Jerk Chicken with rice and peas, and black beans. Be prepared, the jerk chicken is spicy! The BBQ sauce was a good addition and gave the chicken a slight bit of sweetness.   My husband had the chicken sampler platter which comes with curry chicken, brown stewed chicken, and jerk chicken. All three were very good and full of flavor. The curry chicken was nothing like Indian or Thai curry - but why would it be? The jerk chicken was a bit too spicy for him, though.  A glass of their homemade ginger beer soda really helps to quench the flames in your mouth from the spicy food - and it's also good for your tummy!  I'm also a big fan of the fried ripe plantains as an appetizer.  Also, there is no bar, but is BYOB.~chicken peas, black beans. chicken chicken chicken chicken, brown chicken, chicken. chicken thai chicken ginger 
Staff at this salon are approachable and friendly. Nice atmosphere (and cool wallpaper lol). Had my textured hair styled by Claudia. This was the first time I ever had a salon style my hair curly so I was a bit nervous. Turns out there was no need for nerves, the style came out AWESOME. I'm really happy with the way she handled my delicate strands. She's a great listener and will be sure you walk out of Kreate a happy client. I will definitely be back.~curly 
I came to Kreate from another studio when Jenn transferred. I have thick, greying, curly Jewish hair, and she has been willing to learn about my hair and collaborate with me on getting it "right". She's given me unfailingly good advice about my color and cut, and whether she diffuses me curly or blows my hair out straight (which takes an HOUR), she nails it every time.   The staff are also very patient with my perpetual slightly-late arrivals, which I appreciate more than I can say.   I'm going to call them right now!~curly curly 
Oh no! I just came here to review this restaurant and am so saddened to hear of its closing. Not that I'll be trucking it over to Scottsdale again anytime soon, but I'm glad that I got the chance to enjoy this incredible restaurant before its death.  Although I can appreciate fine dining for what it is, I'm more the type of girl who wants delicious comfort food that leaves you stuffed at the end of the night. Certainly a far cry from Sea Saw. But Chef Nobu's handiwork truly was amazing, and despite the tiny, tiny portions, it wasn't one of those places where I thought disappointingly as I left, "I paid that much for THAT?" Sea Saw was worth every penny, even if I had to go satiate my appetite with a second dessert afterward.  We decided to order two cold dishes and two hot. Our choices were the hamachi, the tako, the white fish carpaccio, and the sea bass with soba. I thought all of the dishes were rather innovative, especially the tako with tomato and mozzarella, who would have thought? Everything was perfect, my favorite was probably the hamachi. We weren't planning on dessert, but after those four dishes our mouths were watering and we couldn't say no. And okay, I admit our bellies were still growling. Dessert lived up to expectations and perhaps even surpassed them, and I am not a big fan of desserts.  Overall, just an amazing meal. I don't know that I'll ever be back in Arizona, but if I was I'd definitely see what Chef Nobu is up to next.~white tomato mozzarella, 
You must sit at the dining counter.  Chef Nobu is a master at what he does.  He also has a little bit of a devilish look, which I can appreciate.  Or maybe my top was too low cut...hmmm.  The sheer time and care that each dish takes is simply amazing.  Dinner took about 2 hours.  We did the 8 course tasting menu and it was mouthwatering.  Every course built upon another...ending with fois gras.  I'm not a huge fan...but if I liked the texture of chewing on fat, I bet I would have gone bananas for it! :)  The wine list is out of control...it is what I refer to as the wine bible...the most prized bible EVER.  We settled with a  beautiful Pinot and it was excellent with all of the courses.    My favorite dish off  the tasting menu was the white fish carpaccio.  Actually the white fish was tied with the oyster with tomato water.  YUMMY!  Oh and the edamame soup with caviar was delish too!  I seriously dreamt about this place the night that I ate there.  I need to change my "last meal" because Sea Saw is some of the best food I have ever experienced.~white white tomato edamame 
Seasaw is not for everyone, but I think it's a MUST for foodies. I say that's it not for everyone because of the complexity and oddity of a lot of the food - each bite is flavor bonanza, and often an extremely bizarre combination (raw salmon with almond, pecorino, mint, balsamic etc) but it always seems to work. I didn't love everything, there were some ingredients I just don't like (curry, parsley whatever), but everything is exquisitely conceived, prepared and presented. This is the art of food - no question about it. I highly recommend sitting at the bar - watching the work of these chefs is fine entertainment. The minutia is incredible - literally and figuratively - it must be witnessed up close.   And then there is the wine list - OMG. I have never seen anything like it - not anything close, and I've seen more than a few lists/cellars. Hundreds of pages spanning all varietals, regions, makers, and prices (from $22 to $2200). There are thousands of wines offered below $100, and I'm sure hundreds offered above $1000. I will say that the layout of the list is odd and extremely daunting - there seems to be almost no organization - certainly not by grape. In some cases it seems to go by price, but on other pages it is sorted by maker. We had sake because that's what we wanted with our fish - if we had wanted wine, rather than just an incredible read, it might have been a wee bit frustrating since it seemed impossible to know where to look for any given type. But it is an incredible collection - shockingly so - unlike anything I have ever seen.   The only negative was one of the servers - she was oddly clueless - everyone else was impeccable, but she didn't really seem to get it (didn't even tell us there was a tasting menu, we had to ask about it, she took silverware and didn't bring any to replace it, got an order wrong, didn't notice empty water glasses etc). But the other folks there were awesome, and there were enough of them that the service didn't suffer much at all.   And I wasn't thrilled with the cheap wooden chopsticks - they changed the flavors of the subtle foods a little bit, so I used the silverware - seemed a weird oversight for a restaurant that seems so focused on flavor precision, but no biggie.   Sea Saw will be a MUST visit for me every time I'm in the PHX area.~salmon almond, parsley 
quick update and adding some cam-phone pics, if they turned out in the low light...  It has been awhile since I've been blessed with the time or cash to partake of Sea Saw. Wow. Amazing. And they're mixing things up.    FOOD-WISE: I like to start with a Sparkling Cosmo (believe it or not, i'm straight), then we nurse liquid heaven: Jouzen Mizu no Gotoshi sake. It's like flower water from heaven, that makes your pants fall off later.  New stuff! They started making a fried focaccia bread, similar to the bread that accompanies the White Fish Carpacio, but it's fluffy and golden. This is for making sammiches! And the first sandwich out the door is Softshell Crab. If you're thinking "oh-great-greasy-softshell-crab-roll-at crappy-sushi-joint", STOP right there. It's heaven. Like something you'd get in New Orleans at a 5-star French joint. Light, but crunchy and savory. Not greasy at all. Hints of spicy aioli and mild red onion. Yes, mild red onion.  The big eye tuna sashimi always seems better than the last time. And a special hirame sashimi with a citrus zest - chili paste (yuzu kosho) topper was the perfect ender.  More sandwiches and a late-night menu are on the way. Part of that late night menu will be steamed buns (think momofuku) stuffed with savories like pork belly and short ribs.    OTHER CHANGES: Probably gonna be closed a day or two (sun and/or mon) soon, but adding some late-night offerings as mentioned above.  Indefinitely, no move across the street into the weird no man's land along the canal.  All this is hearsay at this point, but it sounds promising as it was coming from Jeff and Nobu. We can't wait!~white sandwich sushi- onion. onion. tuna pork 
The food is very tasty (the tempura squash was exquisite), but it's a little on the expensive side for what you get. Took my dad there for Father's Day, and he and my mom liked it and were full when we left. My wife and I were still hungry, and dropped in on a Burger King near my folks' house to whet our appetite. We didn't get the wine pairings, though my wife and I did get drinks. Over $200 for about 8 courses. They were all very tasty, but small (had to get 2 of the tempura squash plates -- $8/squash is a little ridiculous, and I appreciate fine dining)~burger 
After hearing that Sea Saw was closing I was in a panic. Although I have never eaten here and I always was planing on it, I was devastated. So the first thing I had to do was call my buddy Clifford who I know enjoys good food as much as I do to pay our respects.   We arrived thinking that it was going to be a mad house of people. Especially with the special price of 35 per person and a banquet style feast. I have to say it was as good and anyone would say it is. Some of the dishes were not as great as I would have assumed but that could just be from my sushi experiences.   The dishes made by Nobu were above and beyond expectations. The steamed pork bun is that of something to be found in a upscale place in New York, or the roasted peppers amazing.   The flavors are wonderful and the signature dishes like the crab sandwich are unforgettable. I do have to agree that this place is not for everyone. A experience that one has to take in with an open mind and willingness to eat with thier taste buds first and not their opinions or mind.   Hopefully Nobu's next restaurant opens very soon as I am already craving the pork buns.~sushi pork sandwich pork 
I really enjoyed Sea Saw.  We were lucky b/c we didn't have dinner reservations but we went there early and they had room for us at the bar (which was even better b/c we could watch the chef's in the kitchen).    If you have the time and the money, I'd recommend just going for the Omakase.  We went with a few a la carte dishes.  We started out w/ the Hamachi which was a beautiful slice of hamachi over a piece of grapefruit and avocado.  Tako and Tomato was next and that might have been my favorite.  They grilled the tako, put it over home-made mozzarella on top of a piece of tomato all topped w/ wasabi oil.  It was so flavorful and had a great consistency.   We then tried the Soft Shell Shrimp Fry which was ok but I didn't think that special.  We then moved on to the White Fish Carpaccio which was thinly sliced fish cooked in garlic oil.  This was very good, very unique, and surprisingly not greasy.  This dish was also served w/ some homemade bread to dip in the oil.    I think I could have kept eating everything on the menu but we moved onto dessert which was a great ending.  I tried the tofu chocolate dessert which was very good and very thick.  I was lucky enough to try the banana dessert as well which, even if you don't like banana desserts... you should try because it was that good.    When you go, don't forget to try the mixed drinks... I'd recommend the sparkling sake one.  If you're in the mood for wine though, they have an amazing wine list.  Overall, I thought it was a great experience.~grapefruit avocado. tomato mozzarella tomato shrimp white garlic tofu banana banana 
Beautiful presentation, delicately simple flavors, and a superb chef.  We ordered one each of the seasonal omakase (which you have to reserve in advance since the ingredients are hand selected by Chef Nubuo and prepared by him only on the nights he is in house) and the regular omakase with wine pairing.    First of all, I thought I was going to be out by the end of the meal after drinking so much wine and I'm not a huge fan of wine, but the pairings really were spectacular.  There's also a list of a few thousand wines available if you are so daring to read through the whole thing.  I was pleasantly full after the meal which included such dishes as seared octopus over tomato and fresh mozzarella, oyster uni shooter (my personal fav), mushroom melange, lamb chop, etc. etc. etc. Also, the last dish of the regular omakase... the foie gras was so melty, smooth, and rich that I almost cried... I literally had to hold back the tears from pure culinary ecstasy...    The dessert assortment at the end was a nice finish-- banana creme brulee, assortment of ice creams, green tea custard.  Chef Nubuo is not only creative, but incredibly kind and attentive to his customers.  Not the typical stuck-up sushi chef....  The hostess was a bit snotty since we were sharing omakase meals, but we ordered a bunch of a la carte items and drinks as well.  The total for four of us still came out to be over $400... so why she was giving us the glare from time to time I have no idea.  If the chef is fine with it, the hostess should care less.    So aside from the annoying hostess, all was well in Sea Saw land.  It was a truly fantastic experience and one I would recommend you to try, but be willing to open your wallet for the pleasure.~tomato mozzarella, mushroom lamb banana tea sushi 
Horry crap.   Only "con" of the night was the inattentive staff...but after my waiter explained that the head chef had to run out for an emergency that afternoon and also graciously comped my drink, there was literally nothing to complain about.  Cozy, charming, and DELICIOUS. You get to watch all your food get made right in front of you, and boy do they deliver.   Definitely get the hamachi...grapefruits and yellowtail are two of my most favoritest things in life, and tonight they came to me united on a silver platter (well, white actually). The saikyo yaki (black cod) was melt-in-your-mouth amazing, so you must order this as well.  My other plates weren't so amazing...but were still in the realm of yummy. I had the sashimi of the day, which was a Korean hirame (flounder). Can't really blame them much for the shortcomings here, as the fish is just naturally chewy and kinda tough. My dessert was "chocolate tofu" (aka mousse) with green tea and candied blood oranges...not too great of a mixture if you ask me, but I get excited whenever anyone says blood orange, so I couldn't help myself.   Anyway. Great food, great staff, great setup. Bravo.~white tofu" tea oranges... blood orange, 
Sea Saw is a tease, and I mean that in the most flattering way. Everything we ate was outstanding (extra kudos to the soft shell crab sandwich) but when that miniscule taste of heaven is gone, and the plate whisked away, over and over and over again, you are left feeling hot and bothered and definitely wanting more.   This is seriously good food given in *seriously* small doses. When I realized our plates were about to stop coming out, I felt like a junkie trying to figure out where I could score some more cash to keep the whole thing going a little longer.~sandwich) 
Don't let my 3 stars deceive you.  Sea Saw's food is unbelievably delicious, but I'm not just rating the taste of the food.  If that were the case, this place would definitely get 5 stars.    I went last Friday night with my boyfriend to meet my friend and her fiance for dinner.  It was all of our first times dining there so we didn't know what to expect.  I had checked out the menu ahead of time, but I didn't know much more than that.  We decided to dine a la carte as opposed to Omikase so you should know what you want to do before calling for reservations.    We asked if it was small portions, which the waitress said it would be.  She said that the four of us could share each individual dish.  We ordered 7 dishes:    * Hamachi - sliced yellowtail on top of grapefruit and avocado with        ponzu sauce    * Seared Tuna Tataki - with Pinot Noir reduction and roasted beet        puree    * Cool Duck - Pan seared breast, chilled, in a soy zinfinadel        reduction    * Lamb - Curry Coconut milk and peanut sauce marinade, grilled       with red pepper coulis    * Shinshu Mushi - Steamed sea bass, green tea soba noodles,       ume-shiso scented mushroom broth    * White fish carpaccio - thinly sliced with ginger, sesame seeds,        yuzu juice and roasted garlic oil    *  Japanese Mushroom Melange - assorted mushrooms baked       in parchment paper  As I stated above, each dish was delicious.  They all garnered "mmm" and "ooooh", but what we didn't like was that in between each dish, it took about 15-20 minutes.  The portions are miniscule so we finished eating the dish within a minute, but had to wait forever while we starved for the next dish.  The nice thing was that a different chef or on occasion the waitress, would bring the dish and explain exactly how it's prepared.  These 7 delectable, yet teeny tiny, miniscule, need-a-magnifying-glass-to-see dishes took us 3 hours to get through.  We also decided to get all 3 of the desserts on the menu since we knew they would be small.  One was a dark chocolate tofu mousse, which was really good, but it had more of a consistency of pudding.  I can't remember the other 2 desserts that well since I wasn't crazy about them, but i remember one had banana ice cream on it and the other was like small fried profiterole/doughnuts.  The chocolate mousse was my fave, but my boyfriend and my friends enjoyed the other desserts more.  During the whole dinner we were saying that we'll probably have to go elsewhere to eat more afterwards because we were not full.  Our bill, including the bottle of sake was over $200.  I don't usually complain about portion size and price when the food is so delicious, but we were still hungry and didn't feel like sitting around for another 3 hours to get 7 more dishes that still wouldn't fill us up.  My favorite sushi-and-more restaurant in LA is Katsuya.  Their portions are not huge, either, but they fill you up.  My boyfriend and I eat there for about $200 and we're stuffed beyond belief by the time we're done and we're done in half the time it took at Sea Saw.    Once again, I do think the food at Sea Saw is mouth-watering and the service is impeccable, but prepare to sit for a long long dinner.  Eat beforehand, too.  If you're starving, here is not the place to eat unless you want to drop $400 each to dine.  I may eat here again the next time I'm in Scottsdale, but I would probably do Omikase instead.~grapefruit avocado tuna beet lamb - coconut milk tea mushroom white ginger, garlic mushroom mushrooms tofu banana ice cream sushi- 
Sea Saw, oh how I wanted to love you. I really did. Unfortunately, it was a love not meant to be. I frankly found the restaurant to not live up to expectations, which, given the gourmandic pedigree, were quite high. Our dining companions, Sea Saw regulars, raved about the food. I found a few of the dishes to be a little contrived (it is such a fine line between pushing the envelope and trying too hard), or worse, over cooked in the case of a noodle dish. Some items were downright delightful, including the mushrooms and duck. Complicating matters was a very clueless waitress and convoluted rules that made ordering quite an ordeal.   My take away -- don't believe the hype. It is a very good restaurant, doing very interesting things, but, and I loathe to use this dreaded qualifier, by Phoenix standards. I will give Sea Saw a chance to redeem itself in the future, but for the money this foodie has a shortlist and this place ain't on it.~mushrooms 
Is it possible to go to the desert and have the best sushi ever? I kept asking myself that same question on Saturday night while I enjoyed every plate of sashimi that was served.    We didn't have resos, so I thought if we showed up early they would seat us.  We were lucky and grabbed 2 seats at the bar, so we could watch the preparation of everything wonderful we were about to experience.  Our waiter suggested that we order about 4-6 dishes and we started out with 4 and of course, ordered more later:)   Hamachi with citrus to start was perfect- just enough  grapefruit to perfectly offset the hamachi with avocado and cilantro. Tako and tomato- was such a pleasant surprise!  Who would have thought fresh mozzarella, octopus and an organic tomato would be such a great mix? Big Eye Tuna sashimi- I could have ordered another 5 plates of this!  It was completely delicious and smooth at the same time.   Saikyo Yaki- Miso cooked cod- How can you resist? You can't!  The best quality about Sea Saw is fresh wasabi!  I've only seen wasabi made once and that was on Martha Stewart Show.    It's such a treat to have this tiny restaurant take all the extra steps to make your dinner so good and so special.  I'll definitely be back. Chef Nobu and his team made such an impression and everything was so wonderful.  Yes, this is the best sushi and yes, I did travel to the desert for it!~sushi grapefruit avocado cilantro. mozzarella, tomato tuna miso sushi 
A five star experience all the way. My gf found Sea Saw on Yelp during our annual July 4th trip to Scottsdale, and man do I have to thank her for that. I have to say this was one of the best dining experiences I have had. First thing to note is this is not a sushi bar; it is a Japanese restaurant which serves delicious and precisely prepared avaunt dishes by Nobu the chef.  Our host, Arnold met us at the door and seated us at the requested bar area--we like to watch the food prep and we had just walked in--save the tables for the folks with reservations. The menu was neatly divided into cold and hot dishes and it was recommended that we order 4-6 plates as the servings are meant to be eaten family style.  Now to the food. We had the Tako and Tomato; two sashimi plate specials--big eye tuna and I cannot remember the name of the white fish--the baked cod, the hamachi and then Nobu turned us onto the White Fish carpaccio and a uni and oyster concoction that was out of this world. All the flavors were fresh, and each dish was superb in taste and presentation. I wanted to cancel our reservations at Elements the next night so we could go back!  Wine list--think back to your college binder full of notes from that damn upper division History class--yeah I am not kidding. I read through a bit of it, found it amusing and thorough, then asked for a Sancerre under $100--cut to the chase I always say.  The restaurant is small so making reservations or dropping by early is a great idea. Do not miss this place--it is worth every cent.~sushi tomato; tuna white white 
If you truly appreciate the purity and Zen-line qualities of sushi, then you're in for the best upscale ethnic experience the Valley has to offer.    I'm by no means a foodie or culinary expert.  Take me to a fancy French restaurant and I'm lost.  Bring me to Sea Saw and everything just makes perfect sense.  One gets the impression that painstaking care went into each dish that comes out.  It's hard to take a bite that doesn't leave you pondering the reasoning that went into the ingredients chosen... the multi-layered sensory overload that comes from the layers of taste... the absolute artistic genius that brings the flavor together to create a near Japanese masterpiece.  This Old Town space is small so make sure to reserve at least a week or two in advance.  Be prepared to spend some money -- tasting w/ wine is $125 (yet very highly recommended!).  For the past 3 years the tasting has been my birthday dinner.  This year I'm headed to The French Laundry and until then (and maybe after), this restaurant ranks as my world favorite.~sushi, 
Omakase Menu  Hassan - 3 tastes - Kumamoto Oyster wth Uni, Edamame puree with veggie caviar, octopus suction cups with mushrooms and bonito Sashimi Platter - 4 tastes - salmon, hamachi, kampachi, very fresh octopus - all very different and excellent.  Love Kampachi. Softshell Shrimp - 3 crispy shrimp with curried green papay (Awesome flavors on this one) Whitefish Carpacio - covered at the last second with sizzling hot oil, soy sauce, etc.  (we used to do a dish like this where I cooked and this one was the dish I enjoyed the least - but still enjoyed) Tuna Tataki Mushrooms - en pappillote - great umami Lamb chops - red pepper sauce and curry - this one rocked as well Foie Gras - with pears Dessert was extra but comp'd.  Good but I was full.  Excellent dining experience.  Choose the Omakase or Seasonal Tasting and you can sit at the counter.  I know that Chef Fukuda has been getting a lot of raves but we had no trouble getting a reservation for Saturday night calling in the same week. The food was excellent and well prepared.  Very thoughtful flavor combinations and good use of non-Japanese elements to tie the flavors together.  Fresh local vegetables and herbs. We started at 6:30 and essentially had Chef Nobu, his sous-chef and two others to ourselves.  We asked a lot of questions and they were all very informative, hospitable and professional.  Things picked up as the night progressed but we felt very welcome and it did not detract from the interactions.  Two small groups were having Chef Nobu's seasonal tasting menu which I will try next time.  I'm not sure what it runs from a price perspective but based on the volume and breadth of what he was putting out, I gather it was much, much more than the Omakase.  The Omakase menu was $90 without wine and $125 with win.  We chose the pairing and the wines were well chosen.  Cons - several people were turned away as walkins so make that reservation if you want to eat here.  If you are looking for dining on the cheap, this is not the place for you.  If you are looking for large portion sized, nope.  Pros - several people were turned away as walkins.  Kept the cooking at an even pace throughout.  Excellent food and ambiance.  Great flavors, execution and pace.  Sitting at the counter and the interactive experience.~edamame mushrooms salmon, shrimp - shrimp soy sauce, tuna mushrooms - lamb 
they did not take my visa which is a culture shock for me. most businesses in the u.s. do if they take credit card. food's pretty good but i feel like i paid $7 for more rice than red tofu curry. if my bike were here i wouldn't care but a little annoyed especially since i just discovered it's a franchise. still the service was fast and the cashier made sure i was ok.~tofu 
Ordered food for 10 people and the restaurant completely messed up the order despite calling ahead and ordering well in advance. It's not even an honest mix-up in the order, 3 of the 10 boxes of noodles were given to us without any sauce on them at all. Dry noodles and tofu. Whoever packaged this order could obviously see the noodles were missing sauce but gave it to me anyway. Not cool.~tofu. 
Ce petit resto franchisé est l'endroit parfait  pour manger rapidement et à prix plus que modiques. Je n'ai que rarement mangé un pad thaï au tofu aussi gros pour moins de 8$... Normalement on me sert ce genre de plat avec 4 ou 5 decevants morceaux de tofu, mais cet etablissement a très bien compris mon grand besoin de protéines!  L'endroit est propre avec un décor design et aseptisé de franchise.   Dans ce genre, on ne fait pas mieux.~tofu tofu, 
This place is a Franchise and everyone of them are pretty ok for the price. The whole point with that restaurant is to get something to eat ASAP for your 30 minutes lunch break.  I like the General Thai (which is a version of General Tao). There is plenty of chicken, rice is well cooked and sticky and the sauce is pretty good too. The way i see it his in 30 minutes, in that joint of the city, you have very few choice and this one will get you filled up for 10$ max! The Spring Roll are ok too. Pretty cheap and massive (maybe a little too massive; tough to eat it properly).  They take interact and credit card.  I'd rather eat there then Mcdonald.~thai ( chicken, 
Plaza de Anaya is a family for local belly dancers.  Its ran by two of the greatest ladies Kim and Tiff, who support the local dancers and put on great shows to showcase local dancers. You couldn't ask for a better place to learn to dance they keep it exciting and new with the different classes they offer. There is always a chance to learn the basics of belly dance, cabaret belly dance, tribal belly dance, ATS, hip hop, Polynesian, Bollywood, Poi, Fire Arts, Skirt, Sword the list can go on. I highly recommend checking out the studio.  I would also suggest stopping in just to shop not only do they have some of the best belly dance wear out there, the jewelry case is  brimming with pretties that everyone can wear.~poi, 
You can't help but feel welcomed at Plaza de Anaya.  It's THE best studio for bellydance.  And Kimberly & Tiffany are the BOMB!!  All the instructors are fantastic.  Great classes.  Plenty of opportunity to learn different styles of bellydance as well as other classes such as Bollywood, Hip Hop, and Poi, from time to time.  There are performances from student recitals to professional dancers. And various workshops lead by not only local instructors, but world renowned instructors.  You definately want to check this place out!~poi, 
Kelly's Cajun used to be my number 2 favorite fast food in the valley. I'd regularly pick up a Blackened Chicken /  Honey Lemon Chicken combo after a long night evening in the lab at ASU. It was quick, the portions were extremely generous, and the Asian family that ran it was always friendly and acted like they were old friends whenever I'd drop by.   Unfortunately the family that ran it is gone and the food has suffered for it.   What was once a delectably spicy Cajun flavor on the blackened chicken, is now scaled back severely and is mild by comparision.  The garlic noodles were once actually garlicky are now just slippery and greasy. The Honey Lemon chicken is now overcooked and has lost nearly all of it's unique sweetness. The most egregious difference is that the new ownership has entirely removed the Cajun potatoes from the selection of sides available.  If I were to write this review a year ago, I would have agreed with the other review by W. It was a hidden gem in Arizona Mills mall. It's now just meh. I'm now looking for another spot to get my Cajun fix. Any suggestions?~chicken / honey lemon chicken chicken, garlic honey lemon chicken 
I just love, love, love the blackened chicken here. Most times I just buy the chicken (no sides) to go.  If you go on a weekday, the food court isn't as crazy insane as on the weekends.~chicken chicken ( 
This place is going through an identity crisis. Obviously owned by the Suki Hana next door, there's just a few things here that are really scream Cajun. Blackened fish? Check. Bourbon Chicken? Check. But chow mein and steamed vegetables in soy sauce? Um no. Being served by an entire staff of Chinese people doesn't fool me neither.   Now the bourbon chicken tasted good enough and you pay about $6 a plate. But their Asiatic version of black bean rice was flat. They should try to create some side dishes to go with the main course meat that you know, are actually Cajun. Like French bread, pea soup, jambalaya rice, Cuban soup or even stuffed peppers. At least the meat was thoroughly cooked and not too greasy.   The seating is horrible. On any given Sunday, you can sit in their cramped food court and it's almost certain that some fat chick with an oversized diaper bag and her toddler with a leg sticking out will walk behind you, bumping into every chair. And you can forget about trying to carry a conversation in this place.~chicken? soy sauce? chicken 
I rarely, if ever, have Cajun food, so when I go to Kelly's, it makes it even that more fun.  They have traditional Cajun/Creole food here, but they have some great vegetarian options too. They also have a ton of seafood and it's delicious!  They have an amazing spicy pasta and rice and beans that are just bursting with flavor and spice.  Really good stuff, especially if you like things a little hot.  And if you want to bring the fam, feel free. This place is very family friendly.~pasta 
I didn't expect much from a mall food court cajun restaurant. I tried a sample of the Bourbon Chicken and it was incredibly good. So I got that and the cajun shrimp and garlic noodles.  The  Bourbon chicken was nothing like the sample I had just tried even though they got it from the same dish. The one I tried was full of flavor, moist and plump. What I was served was small over cooked pieced of chicken that were bland.  Now regarding the shrimp, maybe this is was how it was supposed to be and I just did not know it, but I did not expect to bite into a FRIED piece of shrimp with the shell and legs still on! Thats right they breaded over the shell. You had to peel the breading off so you could take the shell off.  What a friggin mess. Now I will admit that the shrimp and breading were rather tasty, but so not worth the effort and mess.  Now the noodles. mushy, sticky flavorless. need I say more? Wont be back to this place ever~chicken shrimp garlic chicken chicken shrimp, shrimp shrimp 
I have no affiliation with this merchant but I did try one of their pizzas tonight and was very impressed. The pizza is sold uncooked and of course comes with easy baking instructions. What set it apart for me was a very generous portion of fresh ingredients. And a bonus is that you only pay 1.67% sales tax, the same as on grocery products. The owner's name is Doug.~pizza 
So what is wrong with people??? You people that are writing complaining about cost really have NO IDEA what it's like to own and run a franchise. (yes I do). if you like the pizza, go back, if you don't, go somewhere else, but don't ruin someones business because you are ignorant!! You are part of the reason why America is not the country it was. This country is built on small business, but due to the internet and people that feel entitled, (YOU) this is no longer the case!!!! And then you have the gaul to complain about big business!!!! I love papa murphy's pizza, and the location on Via Linda is amazing! I know a lot of people will have a problem with my post, but you know what?? Bite me!!!!~pizza pizza 
Terrible place. I called at 7:15 and it just rang & rang. I know they aren't busy.. Ever. Once someone picked up the phone to take my order has absolutely terrible phone etiquette. (Understanding he works in a pizza place) They don't care about there customers & just throw a pizza together. Poor poor service. Go to Frys and get a frozen pizza. I don't personally know how this place is still a business.~pizza pizza pizza 
We love this place for quick pizza.  It is always fresh, consistent, and tasty. Salads are also good.  A welcome break from the pricy pizza joints in the area. Yet, we don't feel we sacrifice on taste when we choose this pizza. It's also nice to just bake quickly at home and have hot, non-soggy pizza, instead of the sog  that occurs after delivery or pick-up when ordering pizza from other places to take home.~pizza salads pizza pizza pizza pizza 
Once again.... Another great company with horrible ownership at this location.  As a previous customer reviewed the ownership/management that runs this place are very difficult and inflexible. Not to mention they have higher prices on some things than other locations(just 'cos you're in Scottsdale doesn't mean you need to rip people off!) I have had the opposite experience and reviewed another location in more detail to show what great lengths they go to for the customer.  At any rate if you want your pizza your way with no hassle DO NOT go here. Your desire is NOT their concern.~pizza 
Delicious pizza's.  A go to for our family, especially with visitors from out of town.  We love how fresh the ingredients are, and the delicious combinations.  Very supportive our of our local high school, which is much appreciated.  Worth the trip to the other side of the 101.~pizza 
Definitely a different experience.  A lot of people coming from the North West states such as Washington will tell you how great it is for this store to finally open up somewhere nearby in the Scottsdale location.  I'm very biased when it comes to pizza.  But when I tried a pizza from here, baking at home, I got to say it was the very least ... freshest pizza I've had.  Quality ingredients, quality servings, and most importantly quality taste are the reasons why I come back for more.  Pricing is very reasonable for the product you are getting.  Definitely take this over any of the major corporate pizza chains.~pizza pizza pizza pizza 
Fine I guess but shouldn't it be cheaper than cooked carryout pizza?~pizza 
I had never tried PM until this store opened. First time, I stick to a basic Canadian-style bacon; cooked it myself with just the right crusty edges. I was impressed and intrigued. Two weeks ago The Beau brings home two Mediterranean Chicken pizzas with added mushrooms, onions and olives.  We scarfed those down pronto during binge watching "The Killing" on Netflix. The pizza was absolutely delicious. Last night, we got another one and scarfed it, too.  Papa Murphy's is now my pizza joint for take home goodness. Oh, and catch "The Killing" on Netflix. Positively addictive TV.~bacon; chicken mushrooms, pizza pizza 
Don't understand why you would pay the same price for a pizza that is not baked. Doesn't make sense!!! If your in the same parking lot I would suggest yo paulys!~pizza 
Love the pizza's at all of these locations! Especially the taco grande! Yum! Not a fan of the management at this location. From my understanding these are franchises and some days I walk in and get a military discount, being that I am in the military, but other days I don't based on the pizza that I am getting and the current price they are running it for ($10 in my last encounter). If I go to any other location I get a military discount, which isn't much, it's merely the thought that counts with me even if it's just a discount of a $1 which is essentially tax free. The small gesture to show support of our military goes a long way with me wanting to support businesses. Maybe that's asking a lot. So I then look to maybe just some consistency and logic behind different rules/guidelines for the running of your business. This location seems to lack the little things that make me want to continue to buy here. If every time I go in, they don't want to give a small thank you discount then I don't want to thank them for making a great pizza I can go somewhere else to get.~pizza taco pizza pizza 
I have been going to Premier Laser Spa since they first opened a few years ago.  I have had over 13 "treatments" on my back so this review has been a long time coming.  I first found this place via groupon.  Being a man in my mid 30s who had so much hair on his back that I could have been cast as the Geico caveman getting laser hair removal seemed at the time to be a great investment in myself.  The original groupon I purchased was for 6 treatments.  I was told upon consultation that I would have 100 PERCENT HAIR REMOVAL with around 8-10 treatments.  The "consultant" said that because I have fair skin and dark hair that I am the type that will fair the best with the treatment.  This was music to my ears.  So after the first 6 I upped it to 10 treatments as I wanted all the hair gone.  At this time they started hounding me for a review but I insisted that once the hair was gone my review would be written.  The hair became finer and finer as the treatments went on but the laser did not remove it all.  Over time MORE hair started to grow out the spots that stopped growing hair.  Also, I should note that they kept pushing a "guarantee".  The guarantee at that time was that you would have complete hair removal and could come back for up to two years to get "touch ups".  At my next session the manager came to me with additional paper work that said there was no guarantee and that is was only for a few more treatments.  I refused to sign as this was NOT THE AGREEMENT I SIGNED UP FOR.  I came back for a few additional treatments and was finally told that I cant get anymore treatments unless I but another guarantee even though the HAIR WAS STILL THERE.  I never even made it to the touch up phase.  As a customer of this place I can say that the only guarantee with this place is that you will spend more money.  I spent over THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS HERE and have NOTHING TO SHOW.  All the hair that originally stopped growing has started growing again and I am slowing going back to square one.   Recently I have noticed that they are really toning down their "Never shave again" slogans.  Somebody is probably suing them.  Also, the turnover here is crazy.  I have had over 8 people give me a session and they all seem to quit after 6 months.  At my last session I decided to read the printed out google review book they have on the coffee table.  Notice there is NOT ONE REVIEW BY A MAN.  Its all women and women who came for only one or two sessions and never let the treatment run it course.  I wonder if they will put this review in their book?  Probably not.  I have one more PAID session for my neck, shoulders, upper arms that I am not going back for because this procedure is just a gimmick that wastes time and money.  I don't recommend this place in the slightest!~coffee 
Preface:  Rating is based on sushi...in Oakville.  Decent, solid sushi place.  Best sushi ever?  No.  However, Guirei does its best to outshine the Popeye's, roti, fish & chips, & other fried crap that's in this plaza.  Sadly, I'm not sure if it's working 'cause I was the only lunch diner there and everyone who drove into lot seemed to flock to these fast food type eateries instead of sushi.    (Btw, this is the most schizo plaza ever with an Organic Garage, Fish & Chips, Anytime Fitness, Ranee's Roti, & Popeye's all sharing the same lot!  I'd say that this would either be the worst/best location for a gym...ever.)  Oakville is more geared towards fast food, the odd pastry shop, overpriced cookies/muffins, so Guirei - NOT AYCE - probably gets lost in the shuffle.  The good:  Crunch Soup came complimentary with the lunch, dressing on salad actually had some kinda citrus zest in it, lunch specials were good value, & fish was of decent quality & freshness.  Waitress was sweet, but hella awkward.  Lingered a bit.  Came to check in at weird moments, but again, harmless.  If you're in the mood for sushi in this area, do give Guirei a try!~sushi... sushi sushi chips, sushi. chips, salad sushi 
4.5 Stars Quiet place, good food, good sushi and good service. Will be back and recommend this restaurant to others. However this is not the top notch sushi place (therefore only 4.5 star)~sushi sushi 
We went with my 2 babies on Valentine's day, and it was such a good decision. We got a cubicle/private-ish seating area, it was a large table so we didnt feel confined at all. Privacy and space is something I value!  The food and quality was excellent. I had sashimi beef, softshell crab, Dynamite roll and green Dragon roll. We also had udon soup, bulgogi, tempura...  My parents last went there more than 6 years ago, it was under a different owner then. But now that we revisited it, and had such a great experience with the food, this place is going to be one of our favourite Japanese go-to's now! (and we live in Mississauga, while they live in Burlington). Im suprised it wasnt rammed, I suspect its because its in a relatively business-oriented area, so its busier weekdays than weekends?  The staff were lovely. The food was great. I liked the decor/setting.  Yes, yes, yes.~beef, 
Finally!!! I've found it! Great sushi in Oakville!!  We gave this unassuming little place a try after being recommended it by some neighbours. While I had driven past it many times, it didn't seem that special so we had never made our way in. I am in that neighbours debt for this recommendation!!   It's a small place with a few tables, a small sushi bar, and many booths surrounding the room. The menu is extensive, but not that detailed (they don't specify what kinds of sushi and sashimi), but that is because they only use what is fresh and available!   We started with a tempura appetizer which was crispy and delicious. They also brought us bowls of noodles on the house which were fantastic. The miso soup was delicious and the salads very fresh, I'm pretty sure they're use freshly squeezed lemon on the ginger dressing.   Finally, our beautiful sushi came! I had the sushi/sashimi dinner, and everything was wonderful. The fish is so fresh, the rice is perfect and slightly sweet, even the wasabi il was the best I've had in some time - it just melts into your soy sauce.   To top off this great doing experience, the service is impeccable. Our server was friendly and attentive, without being overbearing.   While the prices are a bit high (my meal was $21.99), it is worth it and I'll be back! I've come to accept that nothing good comes cheap in Oakville.~sushi sushi sushi miso salads lemon ginger sushi soy sauce. 
The service is really good and miso soup is delicious! Is a good place for good sushi!~miso sushi! 
The atmosphere alone is enough to get me in the door. Traditional Japanese sliding doors, and the interior is mostly traditional Japanese dining rooms (complete with step to leave your shoes, and sliding doors!)  The food was fantastic (ordered sushi and vegetable tempura). Very well done. The service was super-friendly, too, and it's definitely a place I'll return to when I want some nice Japanese dining with that extra oomph to the experience.~sushi 
Who doesn't love ice cream?  Nothing special about Baskin-Robbins except the workers are very nice at this location.  Always a good place to stop by after getting gas~ice cream? 
I highly recommend the owner of this franchise to invest more training in the customer service department.  In three separate occasions (and different employees), the employees complained about the inadequacy of the store (in earshot of the customers), they seem lost when there is more than one customer, and they start serving a customer without determining which customer was first.  Lack of communication/teamwork was very apparent with the S. and S. team (on this date and during the evening shift).  Rather than go into detail of the incident, which I am loathed to do, it would be beneficial for the owner to brainstorm for its need of improvement. I suggest the owner incorporate a numbering system for moments when there is more than one customer waiting (this does involve the employee to be observant AND assertive enough to speak up when a customer needs to take a number).  The numbering system eliminates confusion for the employees, and embarrassment (sincere or not) between customers.  The owner needs to train the employees what is appropriate subject matter in front of customers (discretion) AND not to defame the establishment in front of the customer. Needless to say, we left and took our business elsewhere.  Don't get me wrong, BR ice cream is good and we might be back since my child loves the ice cream, however, we WILL NOT visit this particular store again and will definitely steer any of our friends somewhere else.  It's better this way, especially after Yahoo listed BR as 2009s Worst Foods in America.  Additionally, we are trying to get our child to like yogurt at another establishment that serves fresh and healthier toppings.  Bad customer service ruins all business regardless of the product.~date ice cream ice cream, 
I have been to so many Baskin Robbins stores in my lifetime. The ice cream is always predictably good. But what compelled me to write this review is the service. Every single worker, every single visit makes you feel welcome, gives you their full attention, and treats you great. It is obvious that a manager takes the time to tell their employees that customers matter, so be friendly, efficient and nice. So many places these days forget that you are choosing to come in and spend your hard-earned money with them, so it's nice to feel welcomed and appreciated. Keep up the great work! (I know this review makes me sound like I'm really old, but I'm not! I just am grateful for excellent service.)~ice cream 
I usually don't get ice cream Exocet for Valentine's Day love potion 31. I always get a hand packed quart. Tonight I went to get my first one of the season.   I am very disappointed that the gal packing my ice cream DID NOT pack it. It is usually hit on the counter to make sure all the air pockets are out. This was not done.  I had to ask her to pack more into the container. Once I got home I packed it and it is no where near a hand pack quart. I am very disappointed with this and will probably go to another store.~ice cream ice cream 
- Not greasy - lots of flavours (not bland) - garlic naan and garlic rice are delicious - veggie samosas appear to be made fresh using a puff pastry and have some good kick to them.  My favourite is the chicken tikka masala. My girlfriend loves the channa masala.  I love the fact you tell them how spicy you want it.  That's how you know how fresh it's made.  Been here twice, and have done take-out once.  Consistently great! Would definitely be going back.~garlic garlic chicken 
We really wanted to love this restaurant. And things started well: we were seated at a great table right in the front window, and the server was friendly ... but things could have gone better from there on.  First of all, we were surprised at how sweet (as in lots of sugar) all of the food was - even the naan, and especially the butter chicken sauce.  And Baghara Baingan ("Baby Eggplant cooked with peanut, Onion, sesame seeds and spices") came with what we think was a brown-sugar sauce that would have been right at home on an ice cream sundae!  (When we asked about the sugar issue, our server did say that next time we could ask for 'less sweet.')  And we were a bit disappointed at the service - less attentive as the evening progressed.  We waited a bit long for our meal, and getting the bill was like pulling teeth.~butter chicken onion, brown- ice cream 
I gave this place 5 stars because I really want to encourage people to go.  Hands-down the best tasting Indian food I've had in Toronto (and I'm half-Indian). Freshly-prepared foods using no pre-mixed sauces or ingredients, cooked to your degree of spice tolerance. Comprehensive menu that features many North Indian favorites as well as a few of the chef's personal touches. Daily specials (a novelty for an Indian restaurant) include a few "fusion items" like guacamole paneer, which was a paneer sandwich stuffed with guacamole, deep fried in gram flour (pakora-style). No, it's not my grandmother's Indian food at that point, but there's lots of stuff on the menu that she would have enjoyed too! I just like to see Indian chefs innovating!  We enjoyed the above-mentioned paneer and some piping hot shrim (small prawn!) pakoras -- deftly presented with house-made tamarind and chili-mango sauces and a wonderful citrus-cucumber garnish (again, one step above the usual Indian fare). Main consisted of saag lamb -- beautiful pieces of top-quality meat braised to perfection, no stringy fatty bits -- and mixed vegetables which were perfectly seasoned and retained their crispiness rather than cooked down to a pulp in the unfortunate traditional style. We had a wonderful saffron rice and naan stuffed with onion and cilantro (beats Amaya's bread bar hands-down). The only drawback was a slightly sweet and watery raita (yogurt dip).  Decor is a step up from your typical Indian restaurant, although the prices are very reasonable. Interestingly, they have a house martini list that features drinks such as mango-chili martini. Not necessarily for everyone, but another way to try something new, and another thing that distinguishes Mela from other Indian restaurants in Toronto.  Service was very friendly and attentive.   The ONLY drawback is that this place was too quiet. Soft Indian music playing in the background and it's located in a sleepy family neighborhood near Lawrence and Avenue. If you're looking for a night out to party, this is not the place for you. Honestly, I think this place would fare much better downtown. But if you want an excellent, quiet meal in pleasant surroundings, you can't go wrong.~paneer, paneer sandwich paneer tamarind mango cucumber lamb -- onion cilantro ( mango- 
Well. I went to Mela around 3:00 one afternoon for lunch because it was another late night / early morning of drinking and of course there was noone inside Mela. However, they actually sat me and served me lunch.   The decor of the restaurant is really clean. Nice clean white walls and lots of white. The waiter was really friendly and didn't have to be reminded for refills.  Anyways, I had the lamb vindaloo with some garlic naan. I got it spicy enough that it was just right for me. The curry was not overwhelming and the naan was very good. I had to order a side dish of rice because that does not come with the meal which kind of sucks.  I think this is one of the better indian restaurants in Toronto and will def. come back.~white white. lamb garlic 
I know Tim Hortons doesn't really need reviews, but I'm just putting this here as a reminder to myself:  Why the fuck do I bother ever going to Tim Hortons??  I know my order of a bagel, double toasted with butter is SUPER complicated right... I mean how could I expect anyone to possibly not screw that up.  But every.goddam.time. you come through! And I go in there during off hours. Surely you could run my bagel through the toaster just one more time. No? Too much?  I give you two stars for being so consistent at fucking up orders. Thanks, local mediocre coffee place. I wish you were a Jimmy's Coffee instead.~butter coffee coffee 
This is one of those new fancy Tim-Hortons Cafes, with the the more classy decor than the standard Tims. The sandwiches are on the right side of the counter and everyone cues at the front.  Its really the only coffee option in this part of Condo-Land so its always mobbed with people and cute dogs...~coffee 
Can I say home?? The Pentlands are my home and I love them dearly. Not quite tall enough to be white capped peaks but still beautiful in there own way. Whether its the lovely rolling hills, or the lochs and reservoirs or even the bubbling hot springs these hills have beauty to offer everyone. If your not into the nature stuff you can even go tour the little known battlefield of Rullion Green or go see an Iron age/ Roman hill fort as well as other little historical sights. Hiking here though is also lovely , you can hike all the way to the boarders of England as well as climb the highest peak Scald Law and see for miles and miles. There are also horse riding areas that will take you on guided tours in the hills. Fishing is also quite popular in some of the lochs and such. So whatever your little heart desires you can make it happen in these hills. Get out , enjoy the fresh air and beauty of Scotland, but beware always have a rain coat just in case in these hills your likely to get wet!~white 
The last time I went in here it was not a good experience. I told the girl I wanted to go back to my natural color (dark brown). My hair was currently highlighted blonde. When I told her I wanted it to be dark brown again, she said that would be too dark... I was pretty insulted by that considering that's my natural color. Anyway she said she would dye it dark but not to be shocked when she was done. Well when she rinsed it she also dried it for me so I could see the color. It was exactly the same color I went in with...its like she did nothing at all. She said sorry but that's it. Still had to pay the full bill and no one even offered to re-dye it...definitely not going back...~brown) brown 
I have been seeing Alyssa since I basically graduated college in 2009.  Alyssa then went out to open her own salon A Lily Shay Hair Studio in Cuyahoga Falls.  I absolutely love the way Alyssa does my hair so I make the drive from Downtown Cleveland every two months.    Not only is Alyssa a wonderful person inside and out but she pays attention to detail, performs exactly what the client wants done and also keeps up with that what is currently trending in the hair world.  I'm obsessed with keeping my hair long but she always styles it and creates a new look for me every time I go into the salon but keeps my hair healthy at the same time.  A Lily Shay's staff is also wonderful!  Every person who I've dealt with over the phone or in person has been very pleasant to deal with.  If you like coffee, tea or a nice refreshing glass of water they are always there to make you feel more at home once arriving to the salon.  I recommend this salon to anyone who would like a new look, someone who wants a change but likes the length of their hair, new hair color or highlight or simply a nice haircut!~coffee, tea 
Hmm i had high hopes for this festival however left feeling disappointed.  There was just not much of anything at this festival to warrant the $10 + let cost. (keep in mind that the foodie feat is $8) in addition most festivals on Spring Mountain are free. So if you are going to charge for an Asian festival, expectations are going to be high  There were no merch booth section was ridiculously small and were not worth the time to look at all. I would assume since it's and Asian festival that there would be Asian type stuff to buy but most of the booths were consultation type ones or were births that were trying to get you to buy a service or a timeshare. I guess that's kinda Asian lol..  There were no cultural booths to educate anyone on what they are celebrating just quick tid-bits of cultural dancing followed by a major dose of hip-hop.   The food booths were comprised of many local Vegas restaurants and food trucks. Many f the food booths (mostly Thai and satay booth)were downright disgusting nearly all of them had skewered food sitting out for God knows how long waiting for some sucker to buy them.. We steered far away from those. On top of many of the food booths charged an arm and a leg for their food. I know that is to be expected  at an event but when it's $2.00 more than their restaurant menu price and combined with a smaller portion makes for a craptastic experience.  In addition why is McDonald's there? The only thing Asian about McDonald's is that we all used to work there?   One big minus for me was the lack of SnowOno shave ice. The shaved ice booth on location was Bleh! I could have done a better job with my snoopy shave ice maker at home!  The only saving grace on the food was they brought in a few out of town trucks like fluffy ice.  We spent $60+ there and still left hungry.   There was an abundance of rental carnival rides and carnival related food booths. Why? Just another way to try and make more money.  My honest opinion is save your money and go to the foodie fest instead. If you are feeling Asian inspired then get your kicks at one of the many festivals held on Spring Mountain during the year.~thai 
The family and I went to this today after seeing the advertisements.  My fiance was really excited to go, so I agreed hoping this would be a nice break from the norm and a great way to spend an early Saturday Evening.  We arrived right at 4pm, bought our tickets (2 adults, 2 kids - no kids discount $52.60) and entered the festival.  We were immediately grabbed by a hard sell timeshare company and it took more effort than I planned on spending to break away.  The festival was relatively empty, granted it was early in the day, and there were a few open booths.  One major disappointment is we found no Japanese food, which I was hoping for.  Vietnamese, Filipino, and Thai were all well represented, as well as a couple Hawaiian fusions, but that is about it.  The food trucks were definitely a highlight.  We both chose Truck Norris and it kicked ass (see separate review).  As the day progressed, the crowd only mildly picked up but the entertainment slightly elevated.  All told, we left at about 7:30pm after a roughly $220 expenditure.  I believe the event is priced on the high side, but was enjoyable.  This is the second annual, hopefully they will gain momentum in years to come.  We will definitely give them a shot next year as well.  Note:  Bring Cash!  ATM fee is $4.50 and no one takes credit!~thai 
Did someone say Food Festival? Asian cuisine? Las Vegas Asian Food Festival here I come!  Access and parking at Silverton Casino was easy and we had no problem. Entrance thru casino. Valet was helpful and gave precise directions;  follow signs, pass aquarium, pass gift shop and hang a right,entry pool area where you are greeted by event staff who will direct you where to go.  I picked up tix at will call thru VIP entrance since I won tix through a drawing via Yelp (Thank you Thank you!!)   Arrived late afternoon, sun wasn't beating down, so the festival was shaded for the most part.   I was expecting it to be crowded and have long lines but I'm guessing it was their down time and it wasn't that busy nor did I have to wait in hour long lines thankfully. Scoped and did walk thru to figure out what to eat, the layout was nicely organized  and made it easy to figure where everything was:   Food trucks towards carnival side- L.A.  and our local Vegas ones represented the gourmet food trucks   Food vendors towards freeway side - Filipino,Hawaiian,Thai,Chinese,Korean, Vietnamese, and Indian cuisines represented. ...oh and Italian Ice and Shave Ice (well more like snow cone textured ice to me, see pix). Honestly I'm really not a fan of food served up from warming trays that look like they have been sitting out. Not sure how long it's been sitting out so I'm more likely to skip out cause that's what they had.   Mid section had retail vendors, a caged fighting area, and the dj blasting music.  Carnival rides and Mickey D's towards back area   Dining areas- There were three of them.    The tented VIP one, you need your VIP pass to gain access to here, banquet tables with apps were being served when we were there around 5ish, the sake and bar started later on. Lucky I read via website the info so I timed arriving here perfectly!  The area towards the back had high top tables where you can stand, it wasn't shaded but at the time we went the sun was low enough that it shaded the area. The other dining area was tented with tables and chairs, plenty of seating.  Being the clean freak that I am, I appreciate that the dining area was pretty clean for an outdoor event. They had festival staff who bussed and clean the areas continually the time we spent there. The garbage cans were emptied also...just little things like this made it more aesthetically pleasing.  The variety of entertainment lineup during the time we were there varied. Hot Hula Fitness just finished up when we arrived. When we sat down to eat there was Thai acrobatics followed by a Tai Chi demo, then Ronald McDonald telling corny jokes and performing magic tricks. The kids both young and young at heart seemed to enjoy the show and that's all that mattered.  I ended hitting up the Truck Norris, Fluff Ice and Sin City Cupcakes! I have an obsession with food trucks what can I say!  Love the unique and different twists of Hawaiian/Filipino food and desserts from Truck Norris and Fluff Ice who are both from the Los Angeles area.  And Sin City Cupcakes...alcohol infused cupcakes...need I say more??? I'll follow up with separate Yelp reviews for them.  Ive learned from attending past foodie festivals to take cash since some of the vendors and food trucks do not take debit/credit cards.  So bring cash with you!   The admission price initially might scare people away but note it's good for both days with in & out privileges. Kids get in free if they are a certain height! (so tell the taller kids to bend at the knees a lil bit so you're under the 48" limit ..haha..) You can pick up a $2 coupon off at a McDonald's, one of the sponsors for this event PLUS part of the proceeds go to a good cause, our local Ronald McDonald House. I found all this info on the website before I came.  So it is a good value if you take advantage of attending the weekend. We enjoyed our afternoon and will be back.~thai, thai cupcakes! cupcakes... cupcakes... 
Second Annual Asian Food Festival? Where the heck was I during the first? No matter, I'm grateful for the opportunity I was given to check out this event, and it's all thanks to Yelp!  I was probably one of the first 100 visitors to arrive at the opening of the event. At first I made the mistake of lining up in the General Admission line where I waited for almost 30 minutes to discover my error, which I'll hold my fasting for this event culpable for my lack of focus. No problem. The festival didn't officially open until after noon, since County was conducting inspections.  A few staff members from the McDonald's booth came by with free samples of Mango Smoothies to assuage hunger pangs of visitors.   After picking up my passes, I went straight for those food trucks. There were a few food trucks that weren't present when I arrived, and some didn't open up shop until after 1:00 p.m. Some of  trucks that made an appearance were Fluff Ice, Fuku Burger, TastyBunz, Grouchy John's, Sin City Cupcakes, Great Bao, and Truck Norris. In addition to food trucks there were food booths. I caught sight of India Oven, Lolli Cup,and Marnee Thai.   Alongside food vendors, there were also apparel vendors and game booths where you could win prizes. The McDonald's booth was my favorite because they gave out shopping bags with a beautiful Asian-themed design. Other prizes could be won with just a scratch of a ticket. Happy Meal toys were also distributed to kids and kids at heart (They gave out Star Wars toys!)  There were two tented areas designated for grubbing: one was for General Admission and the other for VIP. There were appetizers distributed in the VIP tent, but I didn't have any room in my belly to try any. The General Admission tent posed some entry and exit problems. Depending on which side you enter or exit, it was a little tight squeezing through the aisles.  I wasn't able to catch most of the entertainment, but I did see performances by Taiko drummers, several martial arts schools, Ronald McDonald, and a comedian.   The 2nd Annual Asian Food Festival was a fun event that could be enjoyed by everyone, and it's definitely one I'd recommend fasting for or at least eating very light on the day you plan on attending. Ticket prices can cost quite a bit of dough, but they're good for two days.~mango smoothies burger, cupcakes, thai. appetizers 
Gretchen Currant is a great up and coming stylist with a creative eye!~currant 
After having an incredible (seafood) dinner at Amore Dogs, the boy and I decided to give Seadogs a try for lunch whilst out in the area. The lunch menu is quite cheap, but also rather limited - primarily fish & chips, cullen skink, sardines on toast and a few other things that looked forgettable.   The boy ordered smoked hake fish & chips, which looked (and apparently was) quite delectable, although the portion was a bit on the small side. I had the smoked mackerel caesar salad, and while it was tasty, the portion was, again, tiny. It's a salad! I left hungry and vaguely disappointed.   The vodka tonic the boy ordered didn't even fill up the glass and tasted just like tonic. At nearly £4, it was a weak drink... just like the rest of the meal. While lunch is cheaper, the portions suffer. We may give Seadogs another try for dinner, but for lunch, it's a swing and a miss.~chips, chips, salad, salad! 
Seadogs - lovely decor, food is pretty good. Took quite some time for our order to be taken, despite being informed that we would have to leave our table promptly... to be honest, service was pretty underwhelming and rather abrupt for my tastes. I don't want you to be hugging my ankles as I leave but at least fake it that you want me to be there to spend my money?   I had the cajun spiced mahi mahi with chickpea salad... I was expecting something a little more fresh. The fish was a little dry but I had put it down to the dry spice mix rubbed into it. The salad was a bit gloopier with mayonaise that I wasn't expecting. My date had the mussels with bacon - a hefty portion that went down well. We also opted for some champ on the side - underspiced but pretty good otherwise.   Overall, it was alright - in all honesty, I was sick the next day, so I don't think the mahi mahi was all that good in the end, so I don't think I will be back again for a second visit. It is very pretty to look at, but under the surface, there wasn't enough there to grab me.~salad... salad date bacon - 
After two AHHHHMAZING dinner experiences at The Dogs, I figured I would have to try Seadogs.  I decided to go for lunch.  I wasn't sure if it was actually open and the ladies that were looking at the menu were questioning whether it was open as well because there was no one in there.  I just caught a glimpse of someone at the very back, so decided to walk in.  Everyone was being seated at the back, so it looked like the restaurant was completely empty...  I did like the interior though, same mismatched chairs and tables, minimalist decor, and of course the pictures of dogs.  Even at the back of the restaurant their are windows, they only go out to an alley, but it is nice anyway.  I asked a couple of questions, in particular about the fish in oats option for the fish and chips and the waiter was helpful.  I decided to give it a go.  That being said, the lunch menu is a bit on the underwhelming side.  The food did come rather quickly... instantly loved the chips.  I like my crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and these were just that.  I've never been a fan of mushy peas and theirs is not going to convince me otherwise.  Now... the fish.  I had the haddock in oats.  The haddock was fine, but the oats, well the coating was soggy and bland.  After seeing the beer battered fish and chips go by my table, I had wished that I had ordered the beer battered version.  I decided to give dessert a go... glad I did!  I ordered the Orange Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding.  I actually don't like orange and chocolate, but I had different version of Bread and Butter Pudding at The Dogs and enjoyed it so much that I figured, this would probably be on that level.  Out it came in a little dish.  A square of bread pudding with a creamy chocolate sauce covering it.  The orange flavour was strong in some parts, but I did not mind it because the Bread and Butter Pudding was heavenly.  I am not sure that I would go back to Seadogs for lunch, I might try it for dinner, but out of the three, The Dogs is still my favourite.~oats chips chips. peas oats. oats, chips butter butter butter 
Another one of my favourite spots in Edinburgh.  I love how the dishes are reasonably priced, the menu being traditional but with a modern twist, friendly service, and the crazy dog theme!  So far tried The Dogs and Seadogs... Amore Dogs next i guess!  Next will be going for their fish n' chips... I like how they got a good selection of fish plus different coating you can have on them.~chips... 
I had heard a lot about Seadogs (positive things that is) so it seemed like the perfect spot to take the fam when fish and chips were demanded. We were sort of waved to the direction of a table by a member of staff (I couldn't figure out what his role was) and then when we wanted to order (about 10 minutes later) we were told to wait for the waiter (not him apparently).  The waiter was super friendly but I think a bit overwhelmed as he seemed to be the only one serving all the tables. We gave our order and waited. And waited. And waited. About 30-40 minutes later our food arrived by which time we were starving and so it all disappeared with a matter of minutes. I had the oatmeal batter haddock but I must say the beer batter was a lot tastier.   Don't get me wrong I actually liked sea dogs and the food. The waiter was very friendly and tried his best, and hopefully next time we won't have to wait as long!~chips 
I can't emphasise enough how much I love seafood. I. LOVE. IT. So this review might be a tad on the biased side as a seafood restaurant with the same feel as The Dogs makes me a very happy erm.. Puppy.  Instead of just fish and chips you chose which fish will be battered, including some of the more eco-friendly options as our world's haddock and cod supplies are in danger of being over fished.  If you pop along at a time when Rose Street isn't filled with lunatics then you're headed for a superb afternoon as most things come in smaller portions so if you plan it right you can almost have a Scottish fish tapas, or if you're willing to accept the food-coma; get into the fish pie for one person, two or four.. Genius!~chips pie 
I'm a fan of the simple, unpretentious feel going on at The Dogs, so I guess it follows that I would be partial to a bit of Seadogs, which has the same owner. Some of the furnishings are Dogs similar, like the pictures of different pooches and the dog statue ornament item at the front door that startled my mother because she thought it was real, but anyway. Seadogs has that nice clean, straight to the point look, and those adjectives apply to the speedy service and the seafood dishes, served straight up with a twist.  This is a pretty snazzy little place to eat considering how reasonable the prices are. With food coming in at four pounds something on the lunch menu, you'd expect portions to be mini, but I actually found them to be fairly generous. I ate like a greedy king (queen doesn't work as well), chomping on warm bread and butter while sipping very reasonably priced prosecco, followed by some coronation mussels and an amazing portion of fish and chips. I did share some of this, I might add. The range of fish and chips options here are really awesome, with trout, hake, coley and whitebait all candidates to be wrapped in beer batter or oatmeal. The focus really is entirely seafood with a hint of vegetarian, so don't come here expecting other meat options, but do come here if you like really good food of the fishy variety, served in a relaxed atmosphere.~butter chips. chips 
"What's in your seafood stew?"  "I have no idea. Anything and everything you could want."   And this was by the owner of The Dogs / Amore Dogs / Seadogs restaurants. Yet it was said with such quirky, honest punchiness that it only intrigued me further as to actually ordering the seafood stew.  The Dogs restaurants all have the same vibe, and menu style. More affordable cuts of meats and ingredients are used so that the prices are kept down on the menu. The food has a slap-dash feel to it, but I meant that in a good way. Like 'these three ingredients go really well together, in a salad - pow there's your dinner!' Rather than being pretentious and picky and calling things joux. It's honest grub. More upmarket than the fish and chip bar but less pompy than the michelin star restaurants...  Anyway. I came here with some friends who were visiting town, one of whom doesn't actually like fish. Luck would have it there was skirt steak on the menu. I noticed they actually have a sign in the window saying "now with more meat!" so I think even if any of your party don't like fish there'll be something to satisfy them. The steak, by the way, was really quite delicious and the chips lovely and crisp. I kind of wish I'd ordered it.  But my fish stew was just what I wanted. I can't do shellfish so it came without, but there were big chunks of white fish (I think white bait?) and little sardines and all sorts of fish swimming (haha) in a rich tomato stew sauce with some veg. A really hearty portion, that filled me up good and proper. Nothing fishy about that.  The dessert was really quite lovely too. Again, with the 'homely' non-pretentious feel I found it ironic that we had to ask what "burnt cream" was to be told it was like "creme brulee". So used are we to pomp! Anyway, the orange burnt cream with proper slices of orange on top was mmm. It wasn't even me that ordered it but give me a spare spoon and you don't want me within 100 yards of you and your dessert.  So as far as meals out go, this was quite delectable. It isn't fine dining, but nor is it poor quality. It's like good, home-made fare at reasonable prices but very well done.   I prefer the ambience in here to Amore Dogs (still have yet to dine in The Dogs). There's lower lighting, lower ceilings and it feels a bit more intimate. Oh, and the journey to the bathrooms is almost like stepping into the wardrobe in Narnia. Felt like a journey to centre of the earth but was a talking point of our meal for quite some time!  As I said, it was the owner of The Dogs who was serving us I think (I recognised him from an interview). Quite the character, he wasn't patronising or overly friendly, but he was highly efficient running a tight ship and getting very much involved with our table, our order and our meal. Kudos.  If I'm in town and need me some fish I wouldn't hesitate to go back to Seadogs.~salad - steak steak, chips white white tomato 
Personally, I don't really care too much about vegetarian food. Seafood, on the other hand, is a different story - not only is it up there among my absolute favourites, I'm also very high maintenance when it comes to getting it right. And I love Seadogs.  My friend told me about it, so I convinced him he wanted to take me there for lunch. It was a great idea he had. The ethos is fairly simple.. the dishes on the menu are either competely veggie (such as the broccoli,cauliflower and mustard crumble), or are seafood-based (like the smoked coley kedgeree). They're made with ingredients that are a) seasonal and b) local, and so you can't really go wrong in my book. Foodies who are into their fancy cuisine will be suitable impressed, and people who just want a good, well-made fish and chips will also be happy.  My one piece of advice... if you know you've got a sweet tooth but not a huge appetite, don't fill up on your main course like I did. I had to sit and watch my friend eat his deep-fried chocolate cake served with home-made ice cream across the table. Looking very smug, and only giving me a tiny piece. Next time, I'm having my sweet before my savoury.~broccoli, cauliflower chips chocolate cake 
I was desperate for some seafood while in Edinburgh. I had heard good things about The Dogs, so I figured their partner restaurant, Seadogs, would be just as good.  We arrived without a reservation on a weekday evening and there was no problem for seating. The service is quirky and relaxed which I enjoyed. The atmosphere is the same and the prices are very reasonable for what you get.   We started with a large portion of the seafood stew to share. A really eclectic mix of seafood with a delicious broth. Dining partner had the salmon and beet salad, which he loved. I had a bite of the raw smoked salmon and it was heavenly. I had the seafood and chorizo paella. What looked like a small portion when it arrived filled me to the brim. It was savory and salty and everything a good paella should be. We also had a very good, yet affordable bottle of white wine from their nice wine selection.  Overall it was a very relaxed, comfortable experience with wonderful food. This is the type of place I would frequent again and again if I lived in Edinburgh because the service is laid back, the ambiance is enjoyable, the food is spot on without the frills and you dont feel rushed.~salmon beet salad, smoked salmon 
Really enjoyed it here, haddock and chips with mushy peas with a glass of white on the side. Bliss~chips peas white 
I am giving this spot 5 stars, not because the food was that spectacular (though really good), but because this place has a VERY hard to accomplish balance of cool, down-to-earth, and good, yet inexpensive, seafood.   We had the barley paella, a goats cheese/beet/hot smoked salmon salad, a small portion of fish and chips, and cranberry cheesecake.   The highlights for me, definitely, were the salad and the cheesecake. I devoured the salad, which was tangy, fresh, and homestyle in a really good way.   The cheesecake, however was DIVINE. Like, something to dream about. And I am not a huge cheesecake fan. It was smooth and creamy like marscapone cheese, with a most delicious and buttery graham crust. The cranberry compote on top was really fresh tasting and not overly sweet.  This dessert is a REAL winner. I'd definitely recommend this spot to anyone visiting Edinburgh. Plus, our waiter looked like a swarthy fisherman, which always helps.~barley paella, smoked salmon 
Just have to write a wee update for Seadogs, as I was here a couple of nights ago and it was even better than my first visit! The last time I was here I opted for the hake fish supper but this time I decided to go for the plaice and to me, it tasted better. Don't get me wrong, the hake was delicious, but to plaice just pipped it to the post. It was literally melt in mouth with the tastiest, crisp batter I've had. The chips were also to die for and much crispier than on my last visit. I had to fight G-Bot over my mushy peas because he opted for the gorgeous delicious fish pie that came ohne mushy peas. I wasn't too keen on the tartar sauce the first time round, it was a bit too aromatic for my liking but the other night I lapped it right up, it was either made better or perhaps it's just grown on me.  To finish, I opted for the rice pudding with orange in it and it had a gorgeous cinnamon taste through it, yummy!  I love the fact that you get a jug of table water, I don't understand why more places don't do this. I think the UK is the only country where you don't get table water with your meal.  The girl who served us was really friendly and chatty and even complimented my alien balloon animal who I had propped up on a chair beside me. I'm sad, I know.  So yeah... there's no doubt in my mind that Seadogs has to be rewarded the full five stars. AMAZING!~chips peas pie peas. 
Unfortunately my other half doesn't like seafood, so it took a but of persuading to get him in here. I think he liked the restaurant logo, and so we went in for a bit of afternoon lunch.  I love the feel of the place. It feels fresh and warm at the same time, which is a nice idea when it is a seafood restaurant. I hate when restaurants like this are overly cluttered and dark; the light, fresh, clean feel is really inviting.  The menu is simple. Which is a nice change from clutter and overbearing menus which try to be fancy or humorous. I decided to go for battered smoked coley, which came with chips and mushy peas for a very reasonable £5.95. The fish was so fresh it almost swam off my plate, and the chips were light, fluffy and certainly home made. My other half had a delicious broccoli and mustard crumble which was really different and delicious. He wasn't happy because of the lack of red meat, but even he had to say it was fab.  I would definitely come back for the evening menu which is pricier but looked amazing. The couple next to us had deserts (semolina pudding, my fave) and I will have to try one the next time! Fantastic.~chips peas chips broccoli semolina 
If you need a break from the usual routine of pub lunches on a Saturday I'd recommend you try this place.  Price-wise its pretty reasonable though be advised, if you're expecting a typical 14 inch long pile of batter-covered white fluff and chips you'll be disappointed. Food is simple but flavoursome, and isn't going to bloat you out for the rest of the day due to well managed portion sizes.  The wine is reasonably priced and staff have always seemed cheery and attentive.  Looks like this place is here to stay, a great addition to Rose Street.~white chips 
I had walked past this place a lot in the past, and it was only fairly recently that I ventured in here for a meal and I was pleasantly surprised. Situated in the centre of Rose Street, Seadogs is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   I came here for lunch one day last month and I had a great experience. The interior of the restaurant is very white, giving the impression its very large and spacious with interesting paintings on the wall. Seadogs menu offers an expansive selection of seafood dishes including fish and chips, fish pie, paella and mussels. I had the Cullen skink for a starter, which is absolutely amazing - it was full of flavour and tasted really fresh without being too salty - yummy! I had ordered the fish and chips for my main, but I had to cancel the order as I was so full from the soup! My friend had the fish and she said it was beautiful and was really well cooked.   The prices are incredibly reasonable too, considering the dishes are made of the freshest fish, with most main meals costing around £7. If you are ever in the mood for a super tasty fish meal, Seadogs is without a doubt the place to go.~white, chips, pie, paella chips 
I'm growing to love this place more and more, as on my most recent visit I decided to finally eat the mushy peas. For years the similarity in appearance they have to the contents of your hankie during a bad cold have put me off, but I've just found out what I'd been missing on all these years.  E-Bot's plaice supper was perfectly good, but my smoked hake maybe stole it's thunder a bit by being both tremendous and a slightly unusual taste for fish and chips. I thinks she liked it as well as she kept sneaking bits from my plate as soon as my greedy face was turned.  The owner is pure rock 'n' roll too. Fantastic place.~peas. chips. 
I was a little surprised to see a negative review of DeSimone Reality.  They have a fine organization.  We rent two properties from them in our business of mental health.  JoEllen the agent is responsive, flexible and expedient.  Joe DeSimone is willing to go the extra mile to get you into a facility that will most effectively meet your needs.  I would and have recommended DeSimone to people.  They are a first rate organization.  The negative review preceding mine sounds like sour grapes and is baseless.~grapes 
My new favorite thing! Love the pizza here sooooo much. You get to eat your pizza and not feel like a hog after!~pizza pizza 
I love good pizza. That's why Naked Pizza frustrates me. It's a great idea. Healthy pizza with wholesome, organic ingredients. Convenient to order and pickup (no dine-in available). But after numerous attempts the only this about Naked Pizza that is consistent is its inconsistency. The crust is generally good, the sauce is tasty. But when it comes to toppings it's like placing a bet on a roulette wheel because you never know what you'll get.  Last night we got an email as part of their promotional program. Great prices on large and medium 1-topping pizzas. We ordered two. Got them home, opened the box and there was literally one ingredient on each slice of pizza. One.   Now I can understand profit margins are tight but in my opinion, if you can't produce a quality pizza for the price you're offering in your promotion, then don't do it. As the meal went on, we weren't talking about how much we liked the pizza or the restaurant's concept, we were talking about what a disappointment it was. That's too bad. We have had occasions in the past where the pizza was loaded with cheese and healthy toppings but it would usually be followed up with a pizza that was all sauce, no cheese and little toppings on the next.   For a takeout place, Naked Pizza is turning out to be a lot like Deal or No Deal. You're excited about the possibility about getting something good but there's a pretty good chance you're going to walk away disappointed too.   I really hope they realize their potential and as time goes on they iron out the bumps and standardize the quality. It's one thing to save 30¢ on ingredients on a pizza but it costs a whole lot more to attract and keep new customer. I only hope they learn that lesson before it's too late. I think I'll wait a few months before giving them one last try.~pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza cheese pizza cheese pizza pizza 
Talked with Cathy at Naked Pizza. She told me that I was dumb, and that at Naked Pizza the customer wasn't right.   50 minutes after ordering my pizza, and after 3 calls back from this store Cathy informed me that they didn't deliver to me. Now to be fair, it seems to be a failure in their website, since that is why I ordered from them. So here I sit, hungry and pissed off. If you want pizza with integrity, save yourself some trouble and go pick up some Papa Murphy's.~pizza pizza pizza pizza 
Love my pizza Naked! Let's start by saying that I'm just excited to get SOMETHING in the neighborhood that isn't the same ole' same ole' that is on every street corner in Phoenix. So I awaited Naked Pizza with anticipation.   I expected it to be busy Friday night when I pulled in. I found a parking spot right up front. I was surprised that there was no seating and it is take out/delivery only. But that's ok if it is tasty! We asked for suggestions and we were given a couple of recommendations. We ordered a 10" Superbiotic and a 10" BBQ chicken both on original crust.   There were a few people in the lobby and ordering. It was clear that they were buzzing around like bees in the back keeping up with orders and the warming oven was full to the brim with boxes of pizzza so they were clearly very busy. I waited about 7 minutes for the pizza and we were on our way. We were very happy with the in-store service.   When we got the pizza home I was even more impressed. I found the crust to be absolutely delicious. The Superbiotic was as yummy as any $19 smaller pizza in any wood-fired joint. The crust was tasy and good...Now I'm not a huge pizza eater. My favorite is a White pizza....but this I ate every single solitary morsel of. None left for the dogs or anyone else!   I was back Sunday and Wednesday.   Welcome to the neighborhood Naked Pizza!!~pizza pizza bbq chicken 
Naked Pizza sucks.   1. I called in my order, told them it would be pick up. Went to pick up, they couldn't find order & turns out it was currently being delivered to my home. They were rude & blamed mistake on ME and would not refund any money. They left the pizzas at my home & I got home 8 minutes later to a pizza on the doorstep with a confused delivery girl, asking me to pay (even though it was already paid for). She had to call the store to clear up mistake (meanwhile, it's not 6:40p and my pizza was "ready for pick up at 6:10p- so it's now cold). She left, we were extremely pissed and Naked did NOTHING to make it better.   2. Opened the now cold pizza. On a large pizza, there were probably 9 pieces of sun dried tomatoes, which looked like it needed at least 30. Obviously, a way to save money. On another pizza the pepperoni created so much grease it looked un-appetizing.   3. Pizza tasted like death. Crust was gross, toppings were burnt, blah. Have you ever eaten a cold naked pizza? Don't.   4. After feeling gross from eating blah tasting pizza & thoroughly pissed off for having a ruined Friday night (should also mention we had friends over for a diamondbacks game- and EVERYONE was disgusted & now HATES naked with a passion) we called Naked. Woman, young manager was extremely rude. After a long (5 minute) phone fight she finally refunded our money.   5. Great marketing idea, but just disgusting.   6. Honestly: dominoes (gross) or pizza hut (sick) or even frozen pizza taste ten times better.~pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pepperoni pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza 
I am trying to be kind, but not a great experience, online, in person, or dining with/at NakedPizza.  I had gotten their flyer extoling all their virtues before the holiday break recently, and so the weekend seemed like a good time to try them.  No online coupons, nor flyer coupons, but I tried both regular and thin crust with both pepperoni and mushroom toppings.  I used their website, which was not especially intuitive, nor fast on updates-- as compared to other pizza places--  and it ended up getting the order wrong, so I called the place and they could not modify the order at all, and ended up doing an entire new order, cheerfully.  They got the total wrong, but then adjusted it with a managers [?] help.    My pizzas were ready ontime, however, there seemed to be a lack of individuals who were able to help me.  While quite a few of the employees were standing around near the front desk, they did not offer to help, nor seemed to be doing anything in the back.  When one of the front counter girls got free from phone, they did give me the pizzas and I was on my way.  Alas, after all the hype and wait above, both pizza's, while warm, and reasonably fresh, did not taste it.  The touted 12 grain crust actually tasted like bad wheat bread, with very little flavor.  The sauce was nearly invisible, and did not add to the pizza.  Same for rest of toppings -- basically a very dull, if neutral note.  Neither crust was crispy, nor tasty, or had any good texture to it.  I can not blame the company, as perhaps this is their "all natural way"  but when compared to many other pizza places, both cheap and expensive I have been to, I can not ever recommend this place/their pizza's again.  It was not just me, I had friends over, and the vote was uniamious, with the comment  "Freschetta frozen is better than this!"  I am trying to think of any redeeming values, but I can not.  I think you should avoid this place, and seek your pizza nirvana elsewhere -- Pizzeria Bianco is quite good, as is Grimaldi's [the one by BluBurger and Flemings]~pepperoni mushroom pizza pizza wheat pizza pizza pizza pizza 
It is OK, but really not all that good tasting.  I don't care one way or the other about the manufactured "healthy hype"...it is pizza and when I eat pizza, I just want it to taste good. Again, it is just OK, but truthfully, the Little Caesars $5 pizza tastes much better.~pizza pizza pizza 
Got the 12" regular hand-stretched crust with light cheese, pepperoni, half mushroom, half pineapple for 2 people for $13.00. WOW pleasantly surprised because you can talk up your natural goodness and high-quality all you want, but if it tastes like cardboard with healthy ish on it.. who gives a fudge?!?  Crispy flavorful crust Evenly distributed high-quality toppings Good sauce flavor and amount Best cheese I have had on takeout pizza stringy not congealed real mozzarella  Loved the clean flavors, cheap price, and quick 10 minute takeout.  let's go here and keep this business in the valley.  Don't let it slip through our fingers like the Churro Station did.  You will love it, you will not regret it.  Pleeease and thank you :))~cheese, pepperoni, mushroom, pineapple cheese pizza mozzarella 
I, fortunately, had an experience unlike Andrew G's. We live in the area and got the flyer at our front door, as well as saw the sign twirlers on the street corner, letting us know they were now open. I ordered our 2 pies online on a Saturday evening and had no issues. No coupons, but that was okay, as the prices are reasonable as is. When I picked up my pizzas, they had just been boxed. There were several customers in the store, as well as several employees. A couple we looking over the menu, one talking with a couple employees, and a few at the 3 iPads they have against the wall. I'm not sure what they all are for, but I do know you can place your order through them. The staff was friendly and attentive and even suggested that I register my email to receive specials and updates (so maybe coupons will be coming around!).   The pizzas were tasty and not heavy. The pepperoni was thinly sliced, so some pieces were pretty crisp (which is a good thing). I find some pizza joints have a sweet sauce and/or crust, but Naked's was not either. The crust was soft, and although it had the "healthy-full-of-grains" taste, it was very good. The original crust was not thick at all - maybe other joints would even consider it to be equivalent to their "thin" crust.  I love pizza, and I am glad to have a good place so convenient to home (yes, there is Brother's, but their pizzas contain too much sugar)!  P.S. Take out or delivery only.~pepperoni pizza pizza 
The TRUTH is Freaky chemicals ARE ADDED to fortified the "healthy pizza"   I have a problem with no freaky chemicals are added as the website says but the truth is they do add probiotics to the crust.  We've recently tried the thin crust pizzas and found the crust flavorless sort of like a matzoh cracker but sort of like a tortilla with a burnt edge.  The sauce is almost flavorless , how do you take out flavor from tomatoes? I don't know? I threw my own seasonings on to make it taste better.  Mozzarella cheese that is lightly topping the pizza is almost flavorless.  I think this is extremely expensive considering you only get a (basically) 10in tortilla for $7.50 with almost nothing on it if you order one topping. This pizza wasn't filling one bit either for the first time in my life I ate a whole pizza. (I normally only eat one or two slices maybe three if I am pigging and the pieces are small)  We are not fans and my husband had high anger issues after trying this pizza he kept screaming to me to only give one star but I think maybe it deserves two stars?  only because it isn't as bad as others I've tried near here , at best I think this is only suitable for appetizers when you are having guest if you can't cook.  ALSO ONLY TAKE OUT OR DELIVERY no sit in dining~pizza mozzarella cheese pizza pizza pizza pizza appetizers 
Disclaimer: This restaurant has not been open very long and certainly does not have all of the kinks ironed out.  That being said, it's Pizza and how hard can it be?  Ordered a large, "skinny" ancestral blend crust  Smokehouse (BBQ sauce, onion, dbl chicken.  Pizza was burned in some spots around the perimeter of the crust and pretty dry.  Flavor was just ok, I've certainly had better and will take Papa Murphy's over them any day of the week.  They seem to be trying to pull of a natural version of Papa Murphys with a "whole foods" slant.  It's take out only which is fine with me considering that we have a ton of great pizza places around 85083-Phoenix that are both sit down and take out.~pizza onion, chicken. pizza pizza 
My full frontal assessment: they make a really good pizza, definitely different from the stuff you get from most pizzerias. It's easy enough to order: you choose a size, a crust (gluten-free is available, yay!), and the toppings: "flora" includes unconventional choices such as black beans and cilantro; "fauna" includes the usual meats plus hamburger; choice of 3 kinds of cheese - mozzarella, cheddar, feta; and red, white, or BBQ sauce. With so many good things to choose from, it was a tough choice for me but since I had just come from a gym workout I decided to go with one of the favorites: the superbiotic, and I ordered mine with gluten-free crust rather than their regular 10-grain crust. I loved how the individual flavors stood out - garlic, artichoke, red onion, cilantro, peppers ... a true gustatory (and healthy) delight! The crust was just a tad overly firm at the edges but that is a common characteristic of baked goods made from gluten-free dough, since wheat gluten is what gives baked goods their "springy" texture. I'm definitely a fan and look forward to future post-workout guilt-free tasty rewards from this place.~pizza black beans cilantro; cheese - mozzarella, white, garlic, artichoke, onion, cilantro, wheat 
Thanks Evelyn, Marben, and Nikki for organizing a fun event!!  It was nice to see familiar faces and meet new peeps too!  Loved the gorgeous bar setting, dimly lit and so cozy. Food was awesome, enjoyed a bit of Marben's signature burger and yummy risotto. Also really loved the dark n stormy cocktail - they have ginger beer on tap!  But of course the highlight of the night was the focus on meal share (I actually ordered a meal share choice on my trip to Vancouver not really knowing what it was but thought it seemed like a great idea!). I was happy to learn more about this most worthy cause and look forward to visiting the participating restaurants in the near future!~burger ginger 
I really enjoyed this event.  Evelyn, you rock!    The main goal was to get the word out about Mealshare. It's a charitable organization which provides a meal for each designated menu item purchased (at participating restaurants).  Not only do they service those in need locally, at PARC (Parkdale Activity-Recreation Centre), but they also extend a helping hand to Save the Children in Mali, Africa!  A few other Canadian cities have restaurants that are participants as well with their own support servicing partners.    We were able to try the two dishes on Marben's menu which are part of the Mealshare program: the famous burger with fries and a lovely risotto.  It was nice being able to catch up with some fellow yelpers and meeting some new people as well.    If you see Mealshare on a menu, consider ordering that particular dish.  You will be helping someone in need, both locally and/or abroad.    Thank you, Marben, for being part of this worthy cause.  Thanks to the cool bartenders for the awesome libations!  The dark and stormy was excellent.~burger fries 
A wonderful cause, and I've always liked the idea of drinking for a good cause! Thanks to Evelyn and Marben for coming together for such a great event.   There were Gin+Tonics (nice and strong) and Dark and Stormy's (gingery and sour) to keep us quenched. The two menu items that are "Mealshare" items were the risotto and burger. Both were delicious.   Mealshare gave a little presentation as to what their mission statement was. Mainly, partnered with a few top notch restaurants in Toronto, whenever a Mealshare meal is purchased, they are committed to providing a meal to someone in need. Such a worthy initiative!   Met some cool new Yelpers and looking forward to the next event!~burger. 
Really nice Yelp event tonight. Met and got to know some fellow foodie enthusiasts and bloggers.  The restaurant has a nice interior decor and downstairs is great for private events. I personally liked the dark and stormy drink and burgers. Yum! Learned a bit more about MealShare and definitely want to look into what restaurants are participating :)~burgers. 
What an amazing idea by Mealshare and Kudos to Marben to being involved.  This event was much smaller than most and much more intimate with the dim lighting and nice lounge seating. Made it really cool to meet some first time elites like Andrew, Elaine, Aimee and Hilary. Gave them the lowdown on yelplife!  I had a chat with Nicola about the Mealshare concept and how long this has been going on, before she addressed the whole group.   Marben provided some cocktails. The dark & stormy being a fav. I only tried the burgers which were fine, a bit rare for my liking but everyone else seemed to enjoy.  Great event and nice to see Yelp being involved in promoting mealshare.~burgers 
Buy One. Give One.  1. Find a Mealshare Partner in Your City  2. You Order a Meal  3. A Meal Will be Provided to Someone in Need  I love this cause!   Thank you Marben for hosting us and giving us the opportunity to try out the Mealshare risotto, and that delicious burger! The fries looked great, but sadly I stalled and missed out. I think I had three Dark & Stormy's - so good!   Evelyn, once again, you planned a fantastic event! Delicious food, tasty drinks, amazing company and such a great cause! Can't ask for anything else.~burger! fries 
J'ai commandé une petite pizza spéciale Corvette et une petite poutine au poulet, afin de voir si ce restaurant faisait des plats de base de qualité.  Quand tu reçois une pizza avec un petit support en plastique dans le milieu au lieu d'un pain, tu sais que tu fais affaire avec une place cheap.   Et quand tu goûtes à la pizza et ça goûte la pâte congelée, ayoye. Les ingrédients sur le dessus était "pas pire", goûteux, mais la pâte, ouach!   La poutine faite avec des patates cheaps, farineuses, avec une sauce qui ne goûte pas grand chose, avec du fromage qui ne goûte pas grand chose, avec du poulet trop cuit qui ne goûtait pas grand chose, ça me faisait penser à la poutine de Poutineville: bof, gros bof.   Peut-être qu'ils font autre chose de bon, mais pas la pizza, pas la poutine, pas le poulet.  Mon échelle d'évaluation: 1 étoile: Pu jamais! Une des pires expériences de ma vie.   2 étoiles: Bof. Fallait l'essayer. Mais je n'y retournerai pas à moins d'être obligé. 3 étoiles: Correct. Sans plus. Ça fait la job. Je vais y retourner de temps en temps. 4 étoiles: Très bon choix. Un endroit que je vais aller très souvent.  5 étoiles: Excellent, quasi perfection! Un de mes endroits favoris!~pizza pizza pizza pizza 
Meilleurs déjeuners pour un prix très bas. De plus, la pizza est très bonne. J'aime bien manger des frites à côté.   Ce n'est pas très chers comme repas.  C'est une place que l'on aime avoir dans son quartier.~pizza 
Avant de commencer ma critique, j'aimerais souhaiter la bienvenue dans mon quartier au Yelpeur Dan D car j'ai vu qu'il est aussi un client du Corvette Express. J'ai bien hâte de faire sa connaissance lors du prochain événement Élite Yelp.   Ceci dit, pour ceux qui cherchent une bonne pizza et/ou une bonne poutine, je suggère d'éviter ce resto grec. De plus, je dois avouer que leurs souvlakis sont plus qu'ordinaire, merci !   Je vais chez Corvette Express pour mes petits déjeuners, car les prix sont très abordables et c'est à 2 coins de rue de chez moi ! Ils sont efficient (montrons qu'on a du vocabulaire.... Je suis allé dans les meilleurs écoles quand même) et sympathique. Quand je suis trop poqué, comme ce matin, je n'ai qu'à m'assoir et me laisser servir sans que j'aie à passer ma commande.  Question tolérance, je dois souligner  leur patience à mon égard. J'y ai fait tout ce qu'il ne faut pas faire dans un resto sans aucune conséquence. Ils m'aiment quand même (du moins, j'en ai l'impression..... non, ne brisez pas mes illusions.)  On y mange quoi ? 1- des déjeuner classiques ; 2- des hamburgers sans frites (faite comme moi, achetez une fritte ailleurs et amener les pour emporter) ; 3- le hamburger steak avec salade et riz.... remarquez que j'évite encore les frites 4- les hotdogs " steamés " toujours sans frittes.  Pour le reste, c'est à vos risques et périls, mais se sera toujours pas cher, pas cher :)   Je réserve les 1 étoile pour des endroits snobs comme le Lawrence sur St.-Laurent ou, oui, c'est bon, mais c'est trop cher pour ce que c'est, et qu'ils nous servent avec une très mauvaise attitude ! Au moins, chez Corvette Expresse, ils sont sympathiques...~pizza steak 
Most dishes are Indian, but they serve food I would categorize as middle eastern as well - hummus and others.  I enjoy a good biryani, and they've got it here.  Several dishes are vegetarian, but meat dishes are prevalent.  The saffron rice is sooo good.  The food is all pretty good, so the buffet might be the best way to go.  The service is decent but sometimes pretty slow.~biryani, 
When I think of subpar service and waiting in line for a table for absolutely no reason, I think Basmati. It's rarely crowded and yet, you end up waiting for a table EVERY time. The staff means no harm - they are have a sweet disposition - just more on the easy going side and have no ability to move quickly.    The complaint is the temperature of the food. Nothing I have ever ordered has been sizzling. Perhaps because the food waits on the kitchen counter before it is picked up and delivered to the table. The food itself is just OK... nothing has a distinctive aroma.  I say, go for the buffet on Thursdays or Sundays. Buffets are exactly that subpar to average quality food at an inexpensive price.   Tip! Check in the back of the Yellow Book for a 50% off your entree coupon when you purchase one entree at full price.~basmati. 
Will keep this one quick as I have only tried 2 chocolates.  The brownie covered in chocolate is a 5 out of 5 no doubt.  Crunchy on the outside, moist and tasty on the inside.  I also tried the marshmallow one, not really my cup of tea per say.  I get the idea, kind of like a smore, but I need my marshmallow to be liquid and browned for that to work out.  JMHO.~tea 
Think Chocolate is owned by some great people. Very nice and helpful.   Love what they're doing and that everything is being made in house.   Got a chance to try a small box of their small morsels. Homemade marshmallows were great. Bad thing is, you can never remember what everything is in an assorted box of chocolates! Good thing is, I can't remember disliking any of them. All is well in the world of homemade chocolate.   The chocolate they use is great quality. Can't go wrong when it's paired with a little love in the kitchen.   The coffee machine they have there is ridiculous! Looks like something from NASA. Makes a damn good cup, too. Give it a try.   Lots of postcards and other nicknacks available for purchase here as well. Kind of odd, but cool.   Stick to the chocolate in my opinion. Great little spot. Strike up a conversation with the owner. She's great!  Definitely worth a visit or the occasional needed box of chocolates.~coffee 
Couture chocolates, fun gifts - Think Chocolate!  Can't speak too much to their delicious treats since I've only had their custom chocolate covered marshmallows (which will make any other marshmallow be inferior for the rest of your life, it's that good), but they've got everything from home made oreos to truffles to peanut butter cups and more. Anyone would love a little box from here!  What I go to Think Chocolate most for is their great selection of cards and gifts. Humorous, intelligent, local, variety - all cards here are quality and unique. I've also purchased little gifts for loved ones here and they've all been great quality.   With a limited wine selection, Think Chocolate is an awesome shop tucked in Ballantyne and definitely worth a stop for a sweet treat or gift!~butter 
We had six artisanal chocolates:   Habanero, peach cobbler, bourbon, port and fig (I believe), spiked coffee, and chai tea.  If you love supporting small businesses and incredible sweets, this is the place for you.  They've been in business for about three months, and all the sweets are made in-house.  They use no preservatives or hydrogenated oils, making this one of the more guilt-free culinary endeavors for tourists.    The location isn't the best for foot-traffic, but our visit to Charlotte was much better for visiting Think Chocolate.  The proprietor is an absolute sweet-heart, and the treats are divine.  In addition to chocolate, they make home-made marshmallow squares, cake bites (different cakes dipped in chocolate), and some truly unique creations.  (On the day we arrived, the proprietor said, "today we've been experimenting with home-made graham cracker.")  They cater, but I wish the website allowed for mail-order servicing.  For someone in downtown Manhattan to rather mail-order from Think Chocolate than walk to any of the five million NYC chocolatiers is a testament to this gem.  Charlotte is lucky to have them.~habanero, peach fig ( coffee, tea. cake 
I'm a picky dessert eater and I had high hopes for this place. The guy working there didn't come across as passionate for chocolate. The store is full of strange nic-naks like cards and accessories. The chocolates I ordered were delicious but they were presented to me on a teeny-tiny napkin... not even a nice napkin. I was offered a drink with it and when he mentioned "hot chocolate" I asked how it was made since I used to barista at a coffee shop. I can't recall exactly what he told me but it wasn't appetizing. I think it was just hot water and a packet... awkward. I would suggest steaming some milk and using a homemade sugar, cocoa combination... something a little more authentic feeling. The interior needs a facelift I think. It just wasn't appealing to me as a woman. I may come back for a little treat but its not for certain.~coffee milk 
In the mood for chocolate?  or Caramel?  then jump in your car, and do not stop until you find Think Chocolate.  This is a cute little boutique chocolate place where you can find super yummy chocolates, caramels, and a few baked goods.  I'm a huge fan of chocolate and caramel and for me, this is the best you can find in charlotte, heck, anywhere i've been thus far.    She had a coconut caramel macaron that she suggested we try, and boy am i glad she did.  These were exactly the way macarons (not to be confused with macaroons) should be.  Crunchy outside with a chewy inside, and the flavor is like a little party on your tongue.  The owner was super nice and gave great descriptions of the different chocolates and goodies that were there.  I can't wait to go back!~caramel? caramel coconut caramel 
Caramel EXPERTS! !! !!!  Hawaiian Salted Caramel!  Before eating the Caramels here I never knew how good Caramel could be!   How about a Bottle of Wine Dipped in Chocolate! !! !!!  Chocolate in Ballantyne!  As I was walking in I saw Greeting Cards and for a second wondered if I was in the right place!  Then I see the cases of Chocolates and Cookies and cake bites covered in Chocolate and now they have Wine Bottles cover Chocolate!  That is a real bottle of Wine wrapped, dipped in Chocolate and wrapped again.   My first visit I had a Chai Tea Truffle! This one was very good!  Dark Chocolate Truffle with a Super Dark (bitter maybe 85%) shell and a "Yes I would get it again" delicious filling!  I did not get the names of all of these, though could tell many seasonal flavors like "Spiked Egg Nog" and "Gingerbread".  They will continue to add flavors for different seasons.  Hot Pepper infused Chocolate Truffles, last week was Hot Tamale, this week Habenero, both Fantastic!  The Staff are very friendly, a pleasure to talk with.  They are serious about Chocolates and service and very open to ideas.  The Owner works here and is committed to making everything as excellent as they can!    Cookies dipped in Chocolate, Cake Bites (one called Wedding Cake), Coffee, Hot Chocolate includes House made Marshmallows, Coffee, and Truffles all made in House!  The Greeting Cards are the more unique variety and made locally!  Though this is not a coffee shop the Owner has some great ideas for a unique cup of coffee!  2-14-2013  Best Red Velvet Cake!!!  Cake Bite wrapped in White "Chocolate" and the Macaroon Version!!!  Until now I never knew how Fantastic Red Velvet could taste!~caramel caramel! caramel cookies cake tea egg cookies cake cake) coffee, coffee, coffee coffee! cake! cake white " 
Simply decadent. Their artisan chocolates don't come cheap, but they shouldn't.   I've had the habenero, bourbon, raspberry, and spiked coffee varieties and they were all eyes-roll-back-in-your-head-good.   I can't wait to go back to try some of their chocolate dipped cakes and brownies.   They also sell some prepackaged chocolates from the Quintessential Chocolate Company which through some magical chocolatiering alchemy produce liquid filled chocolates. And by liquid I mean, liquid, not syrup or any other kind of filling. And by liquid I also mean, red wine or bourbon or scotch or tequila or champagne or... well. Just go look. If you're lucky, they might have a sample or two available.~coffee 
Think Chocolate, a sweet spot located in Ballantyne offers handmade chocolate, baked goods, coffee and gifts.  The chocolate lover's dream shop is a labor of love of owner Ruth Faure and features homemade treats ranging from cookies to macaroons to cake bites, croissants and more. The chocolate list is vast and delicious and other items not to be missed include the caramels and crumb cake. You can even grab a frozen hot chocolate drink or homemade marshmallows, if you'd like. And if coffee is all you need, you can grab a cup of joe brewed in house with beans from a local coffee roaster in Charlotte.   In addition to the sweet treats, Think Chocolate offers gifts that range from cute mugs, chocolate dipped wine bottles, journals and a variety of items with a Charlotte flair created by local artisans. Think Chocolate also does custom catering for all types of events.~coffee cookies cake cake. coffee coffee 
I was looking for a place to sit, have some appetizers and some drinks - after having an afternoon of bad service. This place was interesting and we decided to give it a try.   Pleasant surprise. They are new to Liberty Village (opened just two months ago) and have a rooftop patio with an astonishing view, where you can have pizza, wine, drinks and antipasti. We had some great cheese and antipasti, white wine watching the sunset, and were served by a very friendly waiter - being new at the restaurant, he didn't hesitate to find out about what he didn't knew yet,  was very helpful and payed attention to every detail. Really liked the service there!   I strongly recommend this place and I'd like to go back there for a proper Italian dinner.~appetizers pizza cheese white 
We recently took a wander around Liberty Village.  We discovered a wonderful Italian restaurant called Cinquecento Trattoria.  What great food!  It is a small place on the main floor.  It does have an upper floor and apparently quite a nice rooftop space in the summertime.  The servers are friendly and efficient. My husband had the smoked salmon pasta with spring pea in a light cream sauce and I had the sausage and pepper pasta in a light sauce.   Both were amazing.  Plentiful and wonderfully tasting. Best of all -- the pasta came hot and stayed hot for the entire meal.  This is hard to accomplish in some restaurants -- by the time you get to the bottom it is pretty cooled off or cool... and so this made the meal enjoyable.  They serve white rustic bread with the meal and there is balsamic and olive oil on the table to enjoy with it.  Best of all -- quite reasonable as well!  So if you are looking for a nice Italian meal in Liberty Village - I recommend this spot.  They have pizza, sandwiches and main courses as well.  We saw a pizza come out of the kitchen and it looked amazing.  Maybe next time!  Enjoy!~smoked salmon 
The main feature at lunchtime is the tavola calda - hot table - with a choice of 3 items (out of about seven) for ten bucks. Pretty good deal, but best to come early. We did, and I quite enjoyed the ricotta-filled pasta shells and cannelini beans. The veal marsala was a bit tough, but then, at this price point, that's not a huge surprise. Portions are not huge, which is probably a good thing because if I'd had any more heavy food, I would have napped through the afternoon.  Espresso at the end was excellent. Service was very friendly.  A couple of updates on previous reviews. The (outrageous) sale-tax problem appears to have been fixed. And there is table service, though you do have to line up to make your hot table choices.~pasta 
I was disappointed by this restaurant. I came here for lunch on a weekday. It was somewhat busy but I think I missed the main lunch crowd by arriving at 1:30. There wasn't much left in terms of sandwiches so I got the '3 for $9.99' from the hot buffet. I got pasta shells stuffed with ground beef in a vodka sauce, steamed vegetables and the beet salad. I found that the portions were small and I still felt hungry after the meal (I'm not usually a big eater - typically I'll have leftovers or I'll just barely finish a small plate). The pasta was delicious but the vegetables and the salad seemed to be lacking in taste - they were a bit bland. Good quality but nothing exciting. I hoped that at least a piece of bread would accompany the meal so that I could try out the olive oil and vinegar which was set on every table, but no such luck.  Maybe the best thing to do is cough up the money and go there for dinner.  Location was good and I liked the big windows, but they were playing some commercial radio station which somewhat cheapened the surroundings.~pasta beef beet salad. pasta salad olive 
Sure, I can't pronounce the name of the place but that doesn't matter when the food is so amazing! My co-workers and I tried this place out on a Wednesday for lunch. We got there just in time (right before 1pm) as it filled up quickly.  We were greeted by a friendly lady who explained that lunch doesn't have table service so she ran through the menu with us at lightning speed. My ears zoned in on the calzone with artichokes, roasted peppers and cheese. The rest was all Peanuts parents' style "mmrrrr wahhh wahh" I added a side dish of mushroom risotto for that extra carb indulgence. The calzone was packed with large chunks artichoke hearts and gooey cheese. The risotto had an amazing creamy, rich and garlicky flavour. it got my italian friend's approval (whom I'm trying to convince to start writing reviews on here since he's a foodie). My co-workers ordered the meat calzone and a pizza which looked fresh and delicious. My only complaint is it's very awkward to maneuver around to pay up the bill. It gets too crowded with people placing their food orders, the tables & chairs right there and people trying to leave.  I'm definitely going to come back here again. Now, I just have to master saying the name of the place so I can recommend it to my friends!~cheese. mushroom artichoke cheese. pizza 
Walking around after work looking for a patio to sit and relax - is a challenge on a sunny day. Some reason, the nice patio in this place was rather empty - maybe because it looked more fine dining and not so much a pub? either way, my friend and I lucked out.  Where to start? The service staff was super accommodating and friendly. I muttered that I could totally use some cold water and a waiter appeared magically with ice cold water - which remained full during the course of our stay.  Delicious break stick - totally compensates for not so wonderful bread. we had some beer and antipasto platter....OH it was so good. The tomato sauce for the mussels & calamari was SO GOOD i would have licked it clean had the wonderful waiter not brought me bread. He didn't bring enough bread though - and I was left watching him take away the delicious sauce(my mouth is watering thinking about it).  I usually track to Jane st for some amazing mussels but I no longer have the need to....what a wonderful discovery!!! I really can't wait to go back and try EVERYTHING!!!~tomato 
DINERS BEWARE.--CHECK YOUR BILL-- It seems like they're overcharging 5% more everytime under Fed. Tax. There was a Food tax that was 13% already and then there's a Fed. Tax for 5%.  When we confronted the server about this he couldn't give us an answer but he won't deduct it from our bill! He left us with a card to the owner and went off to finish his pasta.  While the food was good (I'll give them that), I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.~pasta. 
A coworker who likes this restaurant brought a few of us here for lunch one day.  I found their selection of food terrible ... almost everything had seafood in it, and since I do not eat seafood I was left with barely any options ... basically a chicken dish or a bread dish.  I had the chicken, which was basically plain chicken with breadcrumbs on it.  It was just completely flavorless.  It also seemed to be very expensive for what I got, which was not even really a meal, just a single piece of meat. It was very crowded there with barely any tables and barely any space to move around.  I would never return here and would absolutely not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  Having said that, my coworker seems to like it, although I can't imagine why.~chicken chicken, chicken 
Where do i begin????? such a comfortable place to be. Such happy and accommadating servers, he ran across the street to get a peach juice for my very picky son even tho its not on the menu. the server got a pretty sweet tip for that one. its so nice when your server takes that extra step to improve your experience. great food and a speedy service. I will go time and time again.~peach 
My husband and I went to Cinquecento Trattoria for supper tonight after spending the afternoon at the Indy. We've been wanting to go there for a while.  They just celebrated their first anniversary in Liberty Village.  We sat on the upper patio and had a great view of Liberty Village and downtown.  We both order the Cacciatore pizza ... sausage, mozzarella, red onions, gorgonzola and red peppers.  I had mine without the red onions and gorgonzola.  The pizzas were big and delicious ... we both took half home.  Valentina was our server and she took good care of us.  We're glad we finally checked it out and we'll be back.~pizza sausage, mozzarella, 
Good iced coffee friendly staff and its far less expensive than timothies across the street.~coffee 
I found this coffee shop one day when my regular place was so busy and I couldn't wait any longer.....had to have a coffee, and fast! My first visit was excellent. I loved everything about the place, especially the dark roast and pastry. I deliberately tried the place another time, and was a little less thrilled with the seating. The front end full, I ended up at the back, next to two very loud women, having a very personal conversation.  The tables are very close together.Most annoying. Despite that, the service is good. The staff are welcoming and efficient. The place is clean and the selection of treats good. Unfortunately, The Second Cup will still be my second choice. But my fave is a hard one to beat. If you are in the neighbourhood, give this place a try....especially the dark roast.~coffee coffee, 
Great place for meeting a friend or client, working on your laptop, or bringing the kids.  Whenever I walk into my local Second Cup, I get a really good feeling. The staff is welcoming to me whether I'm pushing my stroller or toting my laptop or just grabbing a cuppa for the road.   I generally prefer locally owned, indie coffee shops for the vibe, but this Second Cup location is an exception. For its cleanliness, friendliness and closeness, I give this place four stars!  All you laptop monkeys looking for a place to put in some hours on whatever work you have, this place boasts lots of tables, several plug locations, free wifi with sign-in, and a good vibe.~coffee 
It's been a while since I've been to a Second Cup, and believe me, it's not because I've been spurned too much by the business to go back, but because I haven't been out about town lately to hit up a location. Now that I've found this one, it'll be hard to stay away!        It's a relatively welcoming and relaxing place for a chain establishment, with nice music and lighting that's slightly dimmed. Second Cup offers cupcakes from local businesses (Dufflet) at very reasonable prices, but I'd leave the cake, it's about $5 for a small slice, and good, but not great. I was very surprised at the quality of the coffee, very good -strong and smooth- and definitely comparable to Starbucks. Also serves great iced drinks that are way cheaper than at SB. This location is pretty low key and always has seats available.       Even though there is a Tim's and a few Starbucks locations around the area, pretty close to Second Cup actually, I would say that this is a much better place for working, or even reading a book. In short, it's much quieter and less busy, but still offers good food and drink at good prices, I'll be going back for a second cup ;D~cupcakes cake, coffee, 
I frequent this Second Cup location because it is close to a dance studio that I train at. I find the staff here very welcoming and they remember my drink even though it's totally complicated and slightly pretentious.   Better yet, they have TWO patios that are pretty awesome to sit on in the warmer months. One side is in the shade!   There are three washrooms and at 2 are fairly clean (the other is the men's washroom so I don't go in there) despite the fact that they must have a lot of traffic and let's face it, clean washrooms are very important!   The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because I heard second hand that this place may have had some "health issues." I only drink the coffee so I'm not too concerned but if you eat the food you may want to look into this. I don't know for sure but thought I'd put it out there!~coffee 
They ( the owner ) intentionally misplaced  orders just to make you pay more expensive drinks. We ordered two chai tea, but they made us pay for chai latte; even though we told them more than once. Plus, we served normal tea, while we ordered green tea.~tea, tea, tea. 
I was walking along the Danforth and I decided to use up my free drink that I got with my Second Cup Card. I'm lactose intolerant so I asked for my iced drink with soy. The girl at the register told me they also had almond milk available and I was so delighted. We both agreed it was better! Not a lot of coffee places have almond milk available...this is the only coffee chain that I've been to that has it. My regular location is big but I really liked how this location had a lot more food to offer. I ended up grabbing a breakfast sandwich and muffin. The employees were very chatty and friendly and made my experience very pleasant. I may just stop by here again over Starbucks if I'm in the area just because of the better service.~almond milk coffee almond milk coffee sandwich 
Best tacos in Pittsburgh! I have tried their chicken, barbacoa, pulled pork, corned beef, and they are all so delicious! My favorite  is the potato and poblano pepper filling, which they have added to their permanent menu. A must try!!~tacos chicken, pork, beef, potato poblano 
Best tacos ever!!! My only issue here is deciding what I want.. Thursday the market is open late so it's a great place for a quick dinner. I've loved everything I had here and the owner is super nice! The chips are amazing, I can't help but get them. I love the tacos in every variety! The vegetarian potato taco is Soo good!~tacos chips tacos potato taco 
I love the mushroom and beef tacos. The other tacos are great, too. I really enjoy having the convenience provided with this location in the Pittsburgh Public market. Plus who can beat 3 tacos for $9.5.~mushroom beef tacos. tacos tacos 
La Palapa.  I am sitting in a 3.5 star place, but I just can't give them four stars.  I ordered a beef quesadilla because I went to Clarion, and I know that the Clarion beef barn has some of the best beef ever.  The quesadilla was packed with meat, a little short on cheese, but came with some salsa.  I think it was $3.50.  While the quesadilla was good, I don't have any desire to go back.  I think the shortage of good Mexican food within Pittsburgh makes people over-hype places like this.  It's really just OK.  Not bad if you work in the area, but I think there are better options.~beef beef beef cheese, salsa. 
Good authentic Mexican food.  La Palapa started at the Public Market and moved with the Public Market to this location.  The tamales are good with the homemade mole.  Nice flavor.  Only one tamale left so decided to have a taco with it.  Tacos are good too.  The menu is limited but some good Mexican food at a good price.  The server mentioned that La Palapa uses Clarion foods beef for the beef tacos.~taco tacos beef beef tacos. 
This branch of Coffee Time has a special charm all its own. There's a big crowd of fixed income regulars with whom the staff is extremely friendly. This gives the place a more neighbourly feel than the pricey boutique and chain options on this strip. Whenever I don't feel like paying $2 for a croissant I come here and invariably come across some interesting personality. Plus there's the patio! As for the coffee and conuts, c'mon, you just walked into a Coffee Time! It ain't Paris! Adjust your expectations and enjoy.~coffee coffee coffee 
Now, I'm not going to pretend that Coffee Time is the pinnacle of the cocoa bean.  Half the time their donuts were stale, you had to ask for a new carafe to be brewed, and one time when we asked how fresh the cookies were, the dude behind the counter said "uhhh...yeah...i think uhm, two days, no...a day ago. yeah"  Don't get me wrong, I'm all for honesty, and happy he told the truth.  But as my friend Goman commented, "you say, today, just came out of the oven", no matter what the truth is.   Anyway, I do want to give this location some credit for their part in keeping me awake, and the kind service I got each morning.  The night crew is another story.  I can't say what it is exactly, but I still prefer Coffee Time over Tim Hortons...that's right. I said it.~coffee cookies coffee 
I have never been one to write a review but I felt I had to share this experience with others...Yes the Chandler Inn rates are great at about 45 a night...the rooms are small but I wasn't complaining...Just like everyone else I inspected the bed for stains or unmentionables and found nothing...after watching a movie on the TV I laid down and went to bed. I then woke up to a feeling like something was crawling on me. I noticed a black dot on the white pillow case near my head and watched half asleep as it crawled away.....I turned the lights on and found the bed and myself crawling with small little bugs....I jumped up, showered, shook all my belongings off, caught a handful of the bugs in a cup and brought them to the front office and proceeded to explain the situation to the woman. She told me the rooms were cleaned on a daily basis, they just had the property sprayed for bugs and that she would not refund any of my money because I had been in the room for 3 hours and had "used everything." I went down the block to the Best Western and started the rest of the night there....I had a much better experience at best western and would not recommend the chandler Inn to ANYONE!!!!~white 
I had been staying with my daughter in Mesa, but she was leaving the next day to go on a cruise with the family she is Nanny for so I checked into the Chandler Inn for my last couple of nights in town..  I'd much rather stay here than Motel 6 or a more expensive place.  It is central in town and reasonably priced, but they are not perfect.  When I checked in I remembered the sign outside said AARP rates but when I asked I was told their rates are the same and they have the best rates in town.  This is absolutely true, but still confusing based on the advertisement outside on the sign.    I paid about $44 per night all inclusive.  The lady, Donna, at the front desk was very nice.  We even discovered in chatting she knew my cousin.  The man there with her, husband or whatever, is not exactly a people person, with sort of a "Why are you bothering me?" attitude, no sign of pleasantness or cheerfulness or appreciation for my business. The inside of the room was fine, even had a pretty desk, coffee table and night stand.  The bathroom sink looked nearly new and all amenities worked fine.    The first problem was when I opened the cupboard door under the sink out of curiosity, there was a pair of previously undiscovered dirty stained women's underwear stashed under there, and when I went to fill a jug under the bathtub spigot there were two long dark hairs in the bathtub (I hadn't used the tub).    I thought the bed looked funny when I first walked in but couldn't quite figure out why.  Over the course of the night it became apparent that the bed was either out of adjustment or broken (much like my back the next morning).  Upon analyzing it the next morning, I discovered the bottom part of the bed and mattress was nearly at floor level whereas the headboard end was a good 6 inches off the floor--so I was sleeping on a slant all night.  I mentioned all of this to the motel clerk when I arranged to stay another night and I barely got the words out of my mouth before he grabbed a key to another room and said he would just move me to it.  It was right across the way and not too inconvenient to move to and that room was very ice and fine the next night.~coffee 
We ordered a few sandwiches later in the evening: Rehoboth Beach Reuben, Chicken Bacon Ranch, Wildwood Kickin' Chickin'.  The reuben was excellent, the corned beef not that chewy mess that you have to gnaw through just to take a bite. The rye was great--toasted and buttery.  The CBR was cold--like it had been attempted to be reheated.  I didn't grow up with a microwave, so meat has a distinct reheated taste, and this one definitely had it.  The Wildwood was good: buffalo sauce over the pulled chicken (also cold, no real attempt at reheating, it seems) and sweet pickles, bacon, and bland tomatoes, the ranch long absorbed into the bread and I couldn't taste it.  The bread itself, (aside from the reuben), wasn't particularly enthralling, which is disappointing from a place that started solely on their breads. The hoagie white buns were dry, overly dense, crumbly and tasted a tad bit stale.  There was a high bread:filling ratio for all the sandwiches--the reuben included--so if you want more bread than substance, this may be your schtick. The fries were great: hot, homemade and under-salted--but good (we can add our own salt).  I'd certainly recommend increasing the amount of substance on sandwich, especially with bread so dense.  I would try this place again, but it's certainly not the best sandwich I've had in Pittsburgh.~chicken bacon beef rye chicken ( pickles, bacon, white fries sandwich, sandwich 
This was our first time at the sandwich shop. I ordered an Italian sub that comes with their house made Sun Dried Tomato Vinegarette. I also ordered a Cheesesteak sub. I ordered them to go but took a seat in their restaurant. It is a nice clean space. There is a cooler with drinks and a big TV on the wall. There are also pictures of a boardwalk.   When I got home I halved each sandwich with my son. He preferred the Cheesesteak, but I thought both were good.   They both had plenty of meat and toppings like lettuce, tomato and onions.  The restaurant has a big selection of sandwiches and they are all made with house made fresh bread. They have white, 7 grain, rye, and others. They also serve sides like potato salad and pasta salad. They serve soup as well as French fries.  Can't wait to go back!~sandwich tomato sandwich lettuce, tomato white, rye, potato salad 
WARNING: I would give this place negative stars if I could. I had an absolutely horrific experience here and will never be back. If you're not into reading long reviews, long story short: the korean woman working here CANNOT use a sewing machine to save her own life. Korean people are awesome, but this lady must've eaten one too many rotten batches of kimchi because her attitude towards me was simply sour to say the least when I told her that her that she hemmed my pants too short (when I actually told her NOT to hem them at all).  Having said that, I can only speak of her clothing alteration expertise - although I will not be back to try out their dry cleaning service.  Just to clarify, (as there are multiple dry cleaning places underneath College Park) this is the dry cleaner RIGHT outside the subway doors, across from a sushi place. I decided to give them a try out of convenience as I had a pair of yoga pants lying around that were a bit loose around the ankle area. She tells me she is able to have them ready for the next day and would charge me 25$, which was fine by me. I come back the next day only to find that not only did she not taper the ankle area enough, she straight up hemmed them too when I TOLD HER NOT TO hem them. In addition, the stitching was poking out from multiple places and not aligned properly so that the material had ridges lifting up where she made the alterations. When I express my disappointment she replied "huh, look fine. I work hardddd." ....Did she really think that explanation made sense??? What in the world?..  Then when I tell her that her that her work is unacceptable and certainly not worth 25$, she YANKS MY PANTS OUT OF MY ARMS. At this point I'm just shocked...I ask her politely to give it back to me but she simply says "NO, I WORK HARDDDD".   So I stand there in silence for a good 5 minutes...unsure of what just happened. I politely ask her again to return my pants to me. She finally replies "30 MINUTES! I fix now". Half an hour passes and she finally finishes re-altering my pants.  When I ask to see them prior to paying, she says "NO, PAY FIRST!!! I work hard and hard again. I fix again now second time. I work very hard!" I really could not put up with her attitude anymore at this point so I paid her the full amount and left. FYI my 100$ pants still do not fit well and they're too short....so ladies and gents, please do my murdered pants some justice and avoid this dry cleaner at all costs.~sushi 
I love this place!!! All of the drinks that I've had there so far are awesome, and all of the flavors are pretty interesting. Yes, they are very sugary, but that's not really a bad thing. I would say try the Thai Tea if you're new to bubble tea. Yummmmmmm~thai tea tea. 
Big fan of the current  tart fro-yo craze, and this is the first instance of it I've found here in Madison - or Wisconsin for that matter.  That gets this place at least three stars right there...  The location is brand new, squirreled away on the second floor food court of the new University Square development, and it's the second franchise of an establishment from Ann Arbor.  They also serve Bubble Teas, which I haven't tried yet, but they seem pretty popular - especially among Asian students.    Flavors include plain/vanilla, and strawberry as of current.  Price is decent - but not inexpensive by any means - at just under $4 for a decent sized cup with 3 toppings.  The toppings range from cereals to fresh fruits and even lychee - an asian delicacy not so common in these parts.  The quality of the yogurt is good - not great - but it's pretty hard to mess this up.  The staff is also friendly enough, and they even gave me a punch card.  That's right, you eat 5 of the damn things and they give you one FREE!~lychee - 
I gave it 2-stars because all other bubble teas in Madison got 1-star. If you want real bubble tea, make it yourself or go to China town.  They got some interesting chews for adding to the drinks - mango star (basically flavored agar) and coconut jelly strips. The drinks are way too sweet and insufficient in real fruit for the price they charge. I'd say, get just the plain tapioca milk tea. Every flavor you request in addition will ruin it.~tea, mango coconut milk tea. 
I ordered my bed on 8/31 during the Labor Day Sale.  The people at the Chandler store were very nice.  They said that the bed would take 2-3 weeks for delivery.  I received confirmation that my bed would be delivered on Tuesday 9/23 sometime between 2pm and 5pm.  This required me to take a day off from work to receive the bed.  At 4:15, I received a call saying that something came up and my bed would not be delivered.  After several phone calls, I still could get no answer why my bed wasn't going to be delivered, nor could I get an answer on when it would be delivered.  I assumed that I would be a higher priority since they missed their original delivery date, but I was wrong.  They said the Regional Coordinator will be personally giving me a call to schedule a new date.  Today is Saturday 9/27 and I have not heard from anyone.  I called and spoke with a representative and she got me scheduled for Wednesday 10/1, one full month later!  I will have to take another day off just to receive this bed.  This whole process has been a huge inconvenience and the people at Sleep Number have been very disrespectful.  I don't doubt that the bed is a good product; however, due to the inconvenience with the delivery process, I would not recommend anyone purchase a Sleep Number bed unless you have several vacation days available just to receive the delivery.  The only thing Sleep Number has done for me to compensate for the inconvenience was waive the $180 delivery fee.  Keep in mind I paid $3700 for the bed and took 2 days off from work.  I feel like I am not a very valued customer.  Basically, they are saying, "Go pound sand" and we'll get the bed to you whenever we feel like it.  I will never buy another Sleep Number Bed and would not recommend anyone else go through this headache.~date, date. 
Went to check out the mattresses at the store today before heading off to work. My employer has a great network of complanies offering discounts so thought maybe I could get with 2016 and get a new mattress! Not sure if ready to buy but wanted to explore the product! Met at door by the nicest employee EVER by the name of "Roo" Being in my 50's...and kinda old school...wasnt sure I was even going to like the new "technology" of a sleep number mattress. I have to admit I was VERY IMPRESSED by the way my back felt on this mattress! I am "bottom heavy" :) admittedly and suffer from lower back pain and was truly amazed at the difference an adjustable mattress can make you feel. I do say it was a weird experience watching my "body" on the screen above and how it dug into the bed...then relaxed into it! Roo was excellent in explaining how the mattress conformed...the tehnology involved and the benefits of such a mattress! The store was "white-glove" clean and the atmosphere felt warm and inviting!      Was asked my preference of pillow (I am a soft!) and happy I didn't have to take off my shoes when lying on the bed! Roo kept a friendly and cheerful conversation the entire time and made me feel comfortable in what I thought may be an uncomfortable situation. The remotes were a nice touch...multi settings for EACH SIDE of bed...and even a pillow top version for us "princesses!!"      If you are thinking of getting a new mattress and are "OLD SCHOOL" like myself you really should try this place! If I didnt love my mattress soooo much and wasn't stuck in the 80's I would have walked with a new mattrress today...who knows .. maybe tomorrow!! Just letting my yelper friends know this product rocks and so do the employees here! Tell them Deb sent you...okay, maybe not because I can guarantee they have NO CLUE who I am!!  LOL!! :) Thanks to all of you for all your great (and bad) reviews...always YELP before I buy!! FYI...FORGET TO SAY.... I am a "35" !! :)~white- 
I love Bare Escentuals products and have gone to several of their boutiques on a regular basis, including the one in Cherry Creek, Denver, and the counter at Macy's on State in Chicago...The only applicable description of my experience at the Madison location would be BIZARRE. My husband and I walked in for me to quickly pick up some Mineral Veil powder to replace the supply that is in my combo brush/powder dispenser. I'm not a huge make-up person and I got this gizmo at Sephora a couple years ago. Anyway, my husband and I were kind of looking around to find the right shade when one of the two sales clerks there came over to us and asked if we needed help. I described what I needed and she said, "Do you want the foundation or the regular Mineral Veil?" And I said, "I don't use foundation, so I guess I want the regular one." She seemed confused and started to show me foundation. I said, "Sorry, but I don't use foundation." She said, "Well, I don't understand because the plain Mineral Vein is meant as a finishing powder." I told her that I understand but that it also works very nicely on its own for those of us who don't need/use foundation. She still seemed confused and said, "But Mineral Veil doesn't actually DO anything." Really?? A sales person who wants to argue about the relevance of their own products?? So I said, "Are you familiar with the product I'm talking about?" She said yes, which clearly, she was not. Her face was very pock marked and caked with make-up, so maybe she was just sour that some people don't need to use as much product. In any case, my husband didn't say anything but I could tell that he wanted to get out of there so I said, "You know what? I have the brush/compact in my car...Should I bring it back to show you what I'm talking about?" And she said YES, that that would help her. Needless to say, we left and never came back. I can't believe that BE employs such an idiot in Madison but it cost them a sale. We noticed a Sephora and went there, got the product I wanted (which BE itself says conceals imperfections and fine lines while decreasing pore size)...Clearly, this woman had no idea what I was talking about, much less what she was talking about. BE still made a sale on the product when I  bought it at Sephora but I'm sure it was at a loss. In any case, it makes me think twice about shopping at one of these boutiques again. This woman definitely needs to be retrained in customer service or let someone else more competent have a job. Sales isn't tricky-- just be helpful to customers and make the sale! Especially when they come in wanting buy!~cherry 
The Liberty Village Farmer's Market is a top priority for me on summer Sundays. The variety of produce is very good, and the quality is high. The farmers are really good about offering special bulk deals, and the fruit and vegetables are so fresh and delicious!   The market is only open June-October, but the best food is available then!  I love the tomatoes, corn, sweet potatoes, peaches, radishes, herbs, lettuce... Yea, Metro gets way less of my money in the summer.   Cash only! It is a farmer's market.  There is usually entertainment in the parking lot, and this year, Liberty Village stepped up and added some more bike parking around the Green P environs.  Highly recommend!~corn, potatoes, lettuce... 
Nice little Sunday market located in the Green P parking lot in Liberty Village.  Not a very big market but definitely nice to know that the farms at the market are the people who are involved in growing the produce. There are some conventional grower options, as well as organic grower options to meet everyone's needs.   Recently have had a couple meat vendors join the roster, as well as a cheese vendor and wine vendor to round things out more.   Find the prices almost double what I paid at the local farmer's market that I frequented before moving to Toronto - so thank goodness the food quality has been excellent or it would be tempting to frequent the grocery store.   Make sure you bring cash - remember vendors love change too whenever you are able!~cheese 
Great little market. Coffee shop nearby. Definately a bonus.~coffee 
The awning still says, "JP's Cafe" but it's now just The Cafe and owned by the guys who brought us Cafe Du Jour. So that tells you it's excellent and I could stop right there, but let me go on and insist that The Cafe has the best breakfast in South Side.   How do I know? Because I'm not getting up at the crack of dawn to make my own fruit-filled pancakes, so I've shopped around and this is where I spend my breakfast dollars. (It doesn't take many of them to fill up at The Cafe.) And because the delicious aroma of breakfast at The Cafe is what wakes me up every morning and gets me motivated to start the day.   Stop in for one of Patty's big breakfasts. Try one of Dan's new wraps for lunch. And look for his entries in the yearly South Side Mid-Winter Soup Contests! You like soup!  And you'll love The Cafe.~pancakes, wraps 
This place is cheap! You get a lot of food for your money and it's pretty good too.  I didn't like the cheese they used on my omelette, but the home fries were awesome, and the bread they use for their toast is delicious.~cheese fries 
I've had several positive encounters with this company spanning many years, but today I am motivated to post about a particularly remarkable experience. We are selling our home so we were subjected to the ubiquitous home inspection. The findings surprised me when it was indicated we had several areas of substandard flashing around vents and chimneys. We had a minor leak in 9-14 around one of the chimneys, the first problem in the eleven years since our new roof was installed. Sunvek came out, after our warranty had expired, determined the cause, and made the necessary repair at no charge. They even replaced a couple of broken tiles from a supply I had retained all these years in my storage shed. In addition, a general inspection was performed that made me feel confident things were in order for any future buyer. Now, another contractor evaluates the roof as a follow up to the home inspection, takes liberty to expand on what was needed to satisfy his own pockets and gives me an estimate of $750 to complete the work. The guy has no idea that I had the Sunvek inspection done only 7 months earlier. I smelled a rat, and told the guy as much. I also complained to my realty company, who sent the idiot out. I called Sunvek, presented them with the home inspection report, and waited for their evaluation. The owner personally came to the house today. He admitted the vents needed updating, made the repairs, and then double checked all flashings, etc., finding no deficiencies. He said he would write a report to the general inspector and guarantee the roof to my buyer. The charge for this service? A donation to the company coffee fund. I gave him all the cash (less than $100) in my wallet, and we were done. This is a remarkable example of customer service. Especially since I represent no future opportunity for business. I hope by posting my experience I can pay it forward with gratitude, and that Sunvek will acquire a customer from someone reading this.~coffee 
Hot, hand-dipped cake donuts, made to order.  so simple. so delicious. WHY DO YOU NOT EXIST IN CALIFORNIA?  I tried their banana nut donut, which is a cake donut, dipped in a banana glaze, topped with chopped peanuts and a dusting of granulated sugar. It was absolutely heavenly. The donut freshly fried, slightly crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside. The banana glaze perfectly sweet. and the peanuts and sugar giving it yummy crunch.  Their Strawberry Shortcake is also amazing... strawberry glaze, with a light crumbled topping of graham crackers, and powdered sugar.  Again... delicious. It reminded me of funnel cake with strawberry topping.  Their Rolo donut is a cake donut dipped in caramel glaze then topped with chocolate chips.  Because the donut was freshly fried, the chocolate chips were nice and slightly melted.    Oh Fractured Prune, as much as I love the BBQ here in Charlotte, I think I'll miss you most of all.~cake banana cake banana banana cake cake caramel chips. chips 
I loved this place! They make the donuts fresh right in front of you. I picked a few like the Strawberry Shortcake and Banana Nut one, but I made my own too. WOW all the glazes and toppings, YUM! I dont think the glaze is too sweet either.......its glaze hello! Definitely stop in there!~banana 
I found the Fractured Prune while nosing around online from California.  I am visiting NC for the holidays and I just had to try it once I got out here. The idea was just too intriguing.  Donuts are a little small but warm which is nice...  We ordered a variety.. including lemonade, strawberry shortcake, french toast, trail mix, creamsicle... and more.   See online for the menu and what each of these consists of.    The toppings are really WAY too tooth-achingly sweet for me but I do see the merit in the dip to order format.  It's a lot of fun.  My 4 year old nieces LOVED it...as did my mother and sister.  We also ordered some egg sandwiches to start since none of us had eaten breakfast (before the nieces early morning preschool holiday program) and truthfully they left something to be desired.  My egg and cheese on rye was pre-fabbed and not very tasty... as was my dad's egg, sausage and cheese on rye.    The (slight) exception was my mom's "breakfast club sandwich" on a bagel, which was piled high with HUGE amounts of thin sliced ham and bacon on top of the (rather pre-fabbed) egg.  It was pretty obnoxious and enough for two people... but tasty.  Secretly I do want to try the donut breakfast sandwich, with egg and sausage.  Argh.  Imagine the salty sweet goodness...     but I'm not gonna go there...for fear of my girlish figure.  So I guess the bottom line here is that the thing to stick with is the donuts, for a silly treat, and not the breakfast sandwiches.   Though we did not try the lunch sandwiches, so I can't comment on those.   The service was nice. Everyone is very friendly. Kudos to them.  I was good with one run but if you have a MAJOR sweet tooth, this is the donut shop for you.~french toast, egg egg cheese rye egg, sausage cheese rye. sandwich" bacon egg. sandwich, egg sausage. 
It's not that big a supermarket but it has the basics and a slightly odd range of things. They have quite a lot of pre packaged vegetables rather than loose ones. There is a small bakery section and they reduce the cakes after 7pm. It's not always a great choice of things but for milk and snack food it's good.   Inside the door there are Amazon lockers which also can be used for returning Amazon packages. There is a cash point outside and free parking round the back of the store.~milk 
Went here for the Pizza Buffet with some friends today.  For the buffet, which comes with a drink it came out to $6.48 with tax.  The place was busy and I can see why: A great value for the price.    Only a few times the pizza counter was empty, but that was soon alleviated by an onslaught of fresh, hot pizzas.  The pizza counter also included garlic bread twists and cinnamon twists.  You can also partake of the salad bar that they have.  Fresh lettuce, vegetables and a good choice of toppings and dressings.  The staff is friendly and the place relatively clean.  The only negative was that my friends kept complaining how hot it was.  If you sit very close to the pizza counter, it is very hot in the back.  I suggest sitting in the main dining area or closer to the front of the store where their are ceiling fans.~pizza pizza pizza garlic salad lettuce, pizza 
With my Groupon in hand and a hankering for some pizza pie, we headed to Round Table Pizza. Round Table is a standard pizza chain. We ordered a specialty meat lover's and a couple of sodas. The pizza is pretty tasty. Nothing amazing, but definitely solid pizza.   The restaurant can be fun for kids. There are video games are fun (albeit dated) and my kid at heart fella spent some time playing them while we waited for the pizza to arrive. Service was friendly and efficient. I have no qualms coming back in the future.~pizza pie, pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza 
As far as international pizza chains goes, Round Table is the best IMHO.  I lived in California for a big chunk of my life, and have tried pizzas made by all of their major competitors (you know who they are), and RT has always been the pizza of choice for its superior quality and taste.  So I was glad to find a few RT franchises in Las Vegas.  This particular location is near the new Bachi Burger location on West Sahara and a local theater, and the staff here are usually pretty friendly. I been here about 4-5 times and it is never really busy, so the wait for your pizza is usually not much longer than it takes for them to assemble and bake.  Guinevere's Garden Delight and Maui Zaui are my usual orders, when I get a RT craving.    Food:  4/5  Yummy.  Price/Value:  3.5/5  More expensive than their competitors, but it also tastes better than their national chain competitions.  Parking: 4/5 Plenty of spaces.  Service:  4/5  Quick.  4 stars.~pizza pizza burger pizza 
I've heard alot about Round Table from Californians.  At first I was shocked that they charged $20 for a large pizza which would feed about 3 people.  For less, you can go to Dom Demarco's or Grimaldi's.  But I have to say that the Chicken and Garlic was quite tasty.  The creamy garlic sauce is really addicting.  I think it would be awesome if you get a side on the side to dip your pizza in - kind of like Papa John's.  What I like is that the crust on the bottom is crisp and the body of the crust has the nice chewy texture.  The crust experience was quite unique for a chain.  The leftovers were even better the next day.   My method is to nuke it for 30-40 seconds and finish it off on a cast iron.  It provides the same experience you have when eating there.  I'll be back for their Mon-Sat lunch buffet.  Without the use of a groupon, I don't know if i would go back outside of the buffet especially when I believe you can get much better value and experience at Grimaldi's or Dom Demarco's.  But the pizza here was still really good.  3.5 stars.~pizza chicken garlic garlic pizza pizza 
They have a lunch buffet, there was a fellow on the corner of Ft. Apache and Sahara touting it and I'm sorry I went. In my youth this was the last honest pizza, real cheese and delicious meats and crispy but yeasty doughy crusts. The salad bar was three star with better than average lettuce but the dressings were awful, oily and not flavorful. The pizza was all thin crust, burnt or well done and not as good as I remember. The cinnamon crust desert was ok. Life is too short to get a Cici's experience at what should be a better lunch experience. Sadly, my feeling this place was on it's way out and I won't be back.~pizza cheese salad lettuce pizza 
Round table had a pretty decent lunch buffet reasonably priced at 6 bucks the only down fall was they would lag on keeping fresh pizza available. Went there again last week and they raised the price and now it doesn't include a drink. For about $ 10 now I think I'll pass.~pizza 
Anybody who is from the Bay & the South Bay know how hella good RT is!!   RT has been my favorite pizza place ever since I was a lil kid growing up in San Jose. It is well worth the price, in my opinion! You pay for quality. Lol, my only real beef with them is that they serve Pepsi. Boo!! Such an inferior product to go alongside a superior pizza. But, back in the day, most of the owners used to serve Coke, but Pepsi was a much cheaper alternative for them, which was explained to me by many an owner ;) Pepsi, cheap? Imagine that!   Anyways, back to the pizza...always fresh ingredients & they are not cheap with the toppings. Very tasty crust & delicious sauce! When I lived in North town before, I used to drive quite aways to eat at the one on Craig. Now, fortunately I live down the street from the Lake Mead one, that just reopened. But, this was the location me & Nicki G. had been getting our RT fix from & still do from time to time. Even when I lived on Oahu, which has 2 RT locations, I used to drive all the way from the North Shore to Waikiki to get my fix!! Please believe, I'm dedicated ;)   Overall, this location is legit! & most of the locations offer an awesome lunch buffet. So, if you live close by & have never had RT, just give it a try. & definitely try the Garlic Parmesan Twists! They truly are, one of the last honest pizzas :D   My faves:   King Arthur Supreme  Guinevere's Garden Delight  Maui Zaui & the Hawaiian  Mushroom & Olive~pizza beef pizza coke, pizza garlic mushroom & olive 
The Maui Zaui is basically a Hawaiian pizza on steroids! The Hawaiian pizza is my favorite. But the Maui-Zaui just knocks it out the park for me. It has everything a HP has and much more. Let's see... A sweet Polynesian sauce, crispy bacon bits, savory green onions, smokey Canadian bacon, red onions, mozzarella cheese and pineapples! I know it may sound a bit too much, but it's the greatest invention since tupperware.  They even have pizza buffets which includes a salad bar. It's great for family or big groups. There's a small arcade for children. The place itself might not be so pleasing to the eye, but just close your eyes while you eat the pizza. Orr take it to-go. Otherwise.. It's not too bad.~pizza pizza bacon bacon, mozzarella cheese pizza salad pizza 
Okay.... I wanted something homey and hearty to eat last night all in my lonesome. I decided for something I haven't had in a long time, but also something worth my money.   Decision? Maui zaui pizza at round table for one please! This flavorful, mouthwatering, scrumptious, sliced-up, oven baked creation is still to this day one of my favorite top three and go eat when I need cheering up food. Maui zaui alone deserves four stars. Makes me wanna dance sitting on my couch with every bite I bite. Haha. Mix it with chicken wings, coke and a funny show or movie and you have just been cheered up. Sooo cheered up that I woke up this morning inspired to write my first review.   Only reason I didn't give round table the so easily given fifth star is because they need to jump on the van wagon and make some deals for customers the same way pizza hut has ten dollar large pizzas. Maybe then they wouldn't have so many round table's in town closed and receive 'woohoo! As good as it gets!' ratings. Thanks for reading! =]~pizza chicken coke pizza 
Yummi's was good.  But then my friend and i watched raw meat and falafel being manhandled by the same gloves. So yeah, Yummi's is good if you don't mind a little raw beef with your falafel!~beef 
Well, the price was right.  It's really hard to find a bad shawarma sandwich.  And this one wasn't bad.  Just mediocre.  At five bucks with a can of pop, I'd call it good value.  I stopped into Yummi's after leaving work later than I care to, and realized that I had no easy meal option waiting at home (Must...Find...Stay-at-home wife...)  I arrived around 9 to a friendly welcome from a young lady who, it turns out, was on her first day.  It's always so funny to watch someone on their first day at a job; everything they do seems awkward and over-considered.  It provided some entertainment as my sandwich was prepared, especially when she screwed up my change (and, I note, politely corrected the matter when I pointed it out).  Maybe it's Done That Way for a Reason:  I'm not one for sticking to tradition for the sake of sticking to tradition, but sometimes things are done a certain way for a reason.  Take the rolled pita sandwich, for example (where a large pita is half-filled and then rolled over on itself).  This standard format has lasted through the years because it makes for easy consumption while on the go, even while walking home really, really drunk (yes, I'm talking about you!).  Flaunting flatbread functionality and pooh-poohing pita practicalities, Yummi's has instead elected to embrace the stuffed-pouch method, whereby a smaller pita is forced so full of chicken and toppings until it looks like Pacman on a salad diet.  The pita is then placed opening-facing-up in a deep paper bag, rendering it inaccessible to the human mouth without a bag-tearing intervention from the hand.  Maybe if I were an aardvark...  Yummi's second deviation from shawarma best practices was in their adoption of tzatziki as a substitute for tahini.  Don't get me wrong - I LOVE tzatziki sauce.  But it doesn't belong on a shawarma.  In fairness, the tzatziki was delicious (even if it probably came from a Costco tub).~sandwich. sandwich sandwich, chicken salad 
If you enjoy a good chicken shwarma then you gotta try Yummi's. Its not your typical shwarma. First they can't roll the pita because they stuff tons of ingredients into the pita, so it kinda looks like an empanada on steroids.  I also like that they cut the chicken fresh off the grill when you order, many places carve the chicken earlier and leave it to dry out. The real magic is in the garlic sauce. And If I'm correct the secret ingredient is Dill.  The combination of garlic and dill (although it will reek havoc on your breath) is just amazing and separates this pita from others.  If your near Yonge and Bloor, do try it. Oh, and its cheap.  $499 with a pop. can't beat that~chicken chicken chicken garlic garlic 
It was good! I went last week for lunch and had the burrito, and it was delicious. I also had a juice which was delish as well. Today I went and had the Strawberry Warrior for breakfast. It was good, nothing out of this world amazing but it was good. I love the organic and non-GMO deal and I love the vegan foods. The only thing that kept me from going more was having to pay for parking but today I found out they validate parking tickets. Seriously! I've been paying this whole time, LOL!!!~burrito, 
I try to keep up with drinking raw juices when I travel so this place is perfect for me, a little on the pricey side.  However, both the Keri drink and Quinoa salad were very good.  I especially liked the dressing- that's a winner.   I'll be back to try other juices during my travels to AZ in the next few weeks.~quinoa salad 
Great juices. Love the Crown juice (carrot, lemon & ginger) and the Watermelon Flush is the best (watermelon, mint & lemon). Prices are really high though. That's the only negative I have about this place.~carrot, lemon & ginger) lemon) 
I had the Hot Yogi(Pinapple, Wheatgrass, Lemon and coconut water). The place is nice and big, plenty of seating. Friendly staff.~lemon coconut 
Went there for the first time with friends this past weekend for dinner. The place is in a strip mall on a very residential street and hard to find if you're not familiar with the area. The menu is good especially the pasta dishes and the service decent.~pasta 
La Socca is well hidden neighbourhood restaurant.   Their food is overall very nice. I can't pretend I have experimented entirely with the menu, but my dining partners have been always happy with the pasta dishes and salmon tartar. They also have fresh oysters to start the night with although the three dollars per oyster yesterday seemed a little bit overpriced. Most of the dishes are offered in two sizes, appetizer and main course version, perfect way to control you calories intake or if you want to deviate from the kids menu for your little ones.The goat cheese filo salad during my last visit was delicious.   The wine list seems to be dominated by French choices, more then a half of the wines are available by glass, so you are not obliged to go with a bottle.   Service is friendly and polite.   The best is the terrace during the summer, you can dine or just grab a beer and appetizer outdoors.   La Socca may not necessarily deserve a trip to Nun's Island from faraway neighbourhoods, but it is a wonderful dining option if you are nearby.~pasta salmon cheese salad 
I will definitely be going back in 2014 for the next rib fest.  Being a newbie to the experience, we had no idea what to expect, so 3 of us ventured over on the Sunday. The "parking lot" was fairly full, but we had no issues finding a parking spot (the "lot" was more of parking of grass and not in a lot..but it did the job). We paid a nominal fee to get in ($2 each) and then started walking around. Unfortunately, it was a very hot and humid day and the crowds did not help...it was downright sticky but the smells coming from the various kitchens were intoxicating. After looking at various booths of people selling various wares, we headed to the stage to listen to some country music...some sort of rock-a-billy band were performing and trying to liven up the crowd. They were fairly decent considering it's not the music I traditionally listen to. After listening to the band play, we decided to "hit the rib place" to eat. Not sure how to recommend which rib place was better than another, but we decided to go with one based on watching other people who ordered there, and got in line....and waited...and waited...and waited. To move through the line and get our order took almost 1/2 hour. Once we got our food....finding a picnic table to eat at was another chore. People just sat and sat and talked and talked and listened to the music. This was really the only downside and complaint of the day. They really should look at providing seating near the stage for those who want to listen to the music, thus clearing tables for those of us who want to eat. When we finally got to sit, the food was amazing. We got a combo platter which included ribs, a huge turkey thigh, pulled pork (we got to pick the sauce), corn, baked beans and Cajun rice. Everything was deeelish...but there was so much meat that we couldn't finish it all. Never had that happen before..... We left the place stuffed but promising to come back next year.~pork ( corn, 
Rain Rain goes away...  All these rain made the 6th Annual Woodbridge Ribfest such a muddy one. I should have wore my rain boots!  This is one of the smallest Ribfest I been to with only 5 ribbers.  But what makes this ribfest different from others are the local craft beers from smaller breweries, a pizza vendors that make wood oven pizza on site and a taco vendor that roasting a pig on site for pork taco!  Tons of other vendors promoting their services from photography studio, insurances and home improvement.  Woodbridge Ribfest is A-OK if you are in the area and want to have some ribs, but definitely not worth a special trip for the event!~pizza pizza taco pork taco! 
With such beautiful weather, sun without the heat and no humidity at all I was quite surprised at the low turn out of people. With only 5 ribbers to choose from we tried a little of each and cast our vote as we left.   There was a $2 entrance fee and ribs were average price you'd find at most places, $9 for a 1/3 rack, $13 for a 1/2 rack and $22 for a full rack. We got a 1/3 rack at 3 ribbers, and a 1/2 rack at the final 2, which was maybe a bit too much for 3 of us to eat we topped it off with a funnel cake for $8 and $1 for each topping. All the ribs were tasty and meaty without being too fatty, the BBQ sauces were all nice, but you have to vote on which one you liked best. The funnel cake wasn't too greasy and was light although I'm not sure the single scoop of ice cream was worth the extra $1. As well there is roasted corn on the cob at a pricey $4. There was also a wood burning oven pizza vendor, which struck me as odd at a Ribfest.   There were other vendors at the entrance/exit way, as well as a couple bouncy castles for $3 a turn, but they didn't really seem to be limiting the length of the turns, which didn't much matter with the low turnout every kid in the park could fit on the thing.   It would have been nice if there were more ribbers to choose from, not sure why they don't do the Woodbridge Ribfest. All in all a nice day in the sun, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it, but I'll likely come back as the crowds are small and lines aren't long for anything.~cake cake ice cream corn pizza 
Good stuff!  I typically order the chicken parmesan meal, which comes covered in cheese and spaghetti. The garlic butter breadsticks accompanying the meal are soggy, but flavorful.  In need of a filling meal and craving Italian? Consider Fazoli's.~chicken cheese spaghetti. garlic butter 
Mama Mia! Fast food Italian. Who woulda thunk it? Well. Somebody incompetent and passionless. I would rename this place Yuckoli's. Fits better.   I knew I was treading on dicey turf going to this joint. But it was in Rickie's old hood and the culinary establishments were limited to fast food and chain restaurants. So I went basic with spaghetti and meatballs (oh God, really, for the love of balls, these circular beef objects were filled with some sawdust like material and blander than Jennifer Aniston's movie career). Not good. We also tried a chicken Alfredo like dish that apparently was made with Elmer's glue.   Pasty. Bland. And, yes, it does stick to construction paper.   I wasn't expecting much. But I wasn't expecting to be grossed out. All I can say is "Mama Mia, papsa a pee'ah, daddy's got the diarrhea".   There.   That's classy. And Elite of me. Don't ya think?~spaghetti beef chicken 
I'm Yelping about this Fazoli's because I had the most amusing, but at the same time frustrating, experience trying to obtain dinner for my fiance and I last night.  "Baked Spaghetti Parmesan with Meat Balls, and Meat sauce instead of marinara." I was instructed specifically to say it just like that, and that I did.  I ordered a Caesar salad, bread sticks and a Roasted Turkey sandwich.  I'm patiently waiting for my order.  As the food order starts to take shape behind the counter, I see her stack a dish that I didn't order on top of my sandwich and attempt to place it in the bag.  Irritated, I exclaim, "Excuse me? What is that you just put in that bag?"  "Spaghetti with Meatballs", she said.  "I didn't order that. I ordered Baked Spaghetti Parmesan with Meat Balls, and Meat sauce instead of marinara."  She makes a second attempt to make the order correctly. This time, Baked Spaghetti with Meat Sauce with a Breaded Breast of Chicken Parmesan comes out.  "No, that's not it either", I explained. "Can I speak to the person in kitchen?"  Finally after explaining to the person making the food in the kitchen what I wanted, it was correct.  Normally, that Fazoli's is pretty reasonable. Their pizza has always been extremely mediocre. Other than that, this is my first bad experience.  The bread sticks were really good that night, so I gave it 3 stars.~spaghetti salad, sandwich. sandwich spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti chicken pizza 
I'm downtown so this is a bit of a drive for me but I really appreciate this dry cleaners commitment to green cleaning practices.  You know how some clothing comes back from the dry cleaners with a funky smell from all the chemicals?  Not this one!  Beyond that, the owners are the nicest, friendliest people ever and my stuff is always ready before the promised date.~date. 
My favourite place to get food from truck vendors is in New York City, and I must say that the truck vendors here in TO don't come close. But I recently found this truck vendor and I am pleasantly surprised.   I am attending school again at the U of T and this truck is right outside my class; it has been a stomach saver. I have had the hot dog, burger, and fries so all the staples. And they are all good choices, the food is made to order, the service is quick, and the gal was friendly to me;) I have gotten something from here almost every day of class. As I have mentioned the food is good and it is the only truck that comes close to the quality of New York City.   I have enjoyed my food here and I intend to eat here for the duration of my course at the University.~hot dog, burger, fries 
This is a perfectly acceptable food truck to eat at if you happen to be very near/passing by it. It is not worth hunting down, searching for, or otherwise actively getting to. Don't get me wrong: it's not bad, just not exceptional or warranting anything more than three stars.  I ordered a chicken burger and a poutine; the former because I was warned off of their hamburgers by Avitania B., and the latter because the other reviewers have raved about them. The chicken burger was acceptable, but not special. There was no mayo available, the lettuce was somewhat wilted, and the tomatos were nothing to write home about. The chicken itself was tender but also was deep fried: don't expect this to be a healthier option! The bun was unexceptional as well. I've had remarkably worse chicken burgers in the city (such as down along the waterfront) but being 'not-the-worst' isn't exactly high praise.  The poutine wasn't bad. It's not something that you could really rave about unless (a) you dismiss the potential for getting excellent food from a food truck; (b) you've never had truly excellent poutine. I have had excellent food from a food truck before, preventing me from taking advantage of (a), and my numerous Quebecois colleagues have spent so much time teaching me about poutine (and finding me the good stuff along the West coast) that I can't fall back on (b) to help spruce up my review.  So, how was the poutine? It was ok at best. They do use a healthy amount of curds, though none are so fresh that they squeak, nor will they all be hot or even warm by the time they get served to you. This is exceedingly disappointing because you get nice hot fries and gravy that are contrasted by very cold cheese. The fries themselves aren't bad - far better than most fast food restaurants, for sure - but lacked anything that made them truly special. The same can be said of the gravy: it would stand out against something from Burger King but lacked the hearty richness that I really look for in a gravy. It was also somewhat lacking in salt, though I admit that saltiness of gravy is often a pretty subjective thing.  So, would I go there agin? Maybe, if I was walking by and happened to be hungry. I wouldn't go out of my way to get food from it (as I did this time) and would suggest that there are far better places around this area of get your fill of fast and cheap food.~chicken burger chicken burger lettuce chicken chicken burgers fries cheese. fries burger 
The blue chip truck has amazing poutine. I don't know about anything else they serve because I've never tried it. Most of the price of a poutine order is the real cheese curds. Delicieuse. I usually try to share it with a friend since that lessens the caloric hit and because I can never quite finish a whole one.   I also find that they put on a little too much gravy for my tastes, smothering the bottom layer of fries. I keep meaning to offer to pay extra for a second cardboard boat for them to put the gravy on, but I'm usually too shy in the moment and forget. One day.  In summary: POUTINE POUTINE POUTINE~cheese fries. 
Good, not great classic poutine.  Fries could be better.  Overall nice and sloppy and hits the spot.~fries 
I've never seen this truck at UofT, but I do see it in front of City Hall on the time on Queen Street West.    I love coming here for lunch.  I like that there's a variety of options (hot dogs, sausages, hamburgers, chicken burgers).  The meat is always a good side, and cooked well.  I'm picky with fries, and I really like these ones.  Always fresh, hot and well cooked.  It's the cheapest lunch in Toronto.  The service is always fast and friendly.    They have all of your standard toppings.  I love that they also have the french fry seasoning and malt vinegar as well.  Soooo delicious.  I get the gravy (which is always free!) on occasion.  It's just the right consistency.~hot dogs, chicken burgers) fries, 
Usually parked in front of the Astronomy and Astrophysics buildings at the University of Toronto, it's hard to not notice this giant blue truck. I ordered a cheeseburger and fries from the super nice, mustachioed guys inside. They listened to classical music while the fryers were going, which was unexpected and quite nice. :)   First, the burger. Don't order one. It's wretched. Nasty mass-produced patty, Costco-quality bun, anemic slice of tomato, sad little lettuce leaf. I took one bite and tossed it.  On the other hand, the fries were the best I've ever had. I'm not kidding, they're absolutely delicious. They're chunky cut, skin on, and fried a crispy, beautiful brown. I don't care that the generous portion of fries probably equalled twice my daily calorie allotment. I ate every single one.   From the other people crowded around the truck, I learned that I should have had the poutine -- it's supposed to be fabulous. They also have hot dogs and sausages, which I hope taste better than their burger. That said, I'm actually looking forward to being on campus again on Monday just so I can eat more of their delicious frites. Yes, I'm crazy.  Crazy about the Blue Chip Truck! (Although next time, I think I'll bring a friend -- otherwise, by the end of the year I'll have my own show on the Discovery Health Channel: The Half Ton Grad Student.)~fries burger. tomato, lettuce fries brown. fries hot dogs burger. 
I've tried some of the other chip trucks around but this one has some great fries. They don't feel super greasy when they are served crisp and fresh to you. And they are cut daily by the truck staff themselves (unsure if in truck or prior to parking at St. george). The hot dog was fine and i used the variety of condiments (incl. Cajun spice) to customize it myself. I like how they have good options for the hot dogs (incl. Halal) and the poutines. I have yet to try the poutine however.~fries. hot dog hot dogs ( 
The sausage and onion rings are soooo good and the wait is a lot shorter than the Chinese food trucks around so I come here when I want something faster.   The two guys are pretty pro. Sometimes I doubt their ability when they just say ok to like 5-10 orders in a row but they Always get them right!!!!!! Pretty crazy~sausage onion rings 
The hot dogs are the best thing here, but that's not really saying too much. the fries are not a good size or texture, and you're forced to put ketchup on all the fries at once instead of dipping them. would not recommend the burgers.~hot dogs fries fries burgers. 
I come here all the time! The two guys are friendly, their stuff tastes amazing for the price,  there really isn't much else to say. One complaint though is that they don't label their sauce containers (the ones just inside the widow). That means I have to try the sauces one by one until I found the honey mustard. Otherwise it's fantastic.~honey 
Hierbei handelt es sich um einen sehr kleinen aber überaus gemütlichen kleinen English Pub nicht allzu weit vom Hauptbahnhof entfernt.    Es gibt alles was man von einem Pub erwartet, eine gemütliche Sitzecke mit Sesseln und Sofa, Fish & Chips, Burger, frittierte Zwiebelringe, Strongbow und unterschiedliche Biersorten.    Wenn man mag kann man Dart spielen oder sich ein Pokerset bringen lassen. Wenn man dann genug von der ruhigen Atmosphäre hat ist der Weg in die Röhre oder zurück in die Stadt nicht weit.~chips, burger, 
Den hauseigenen Riesenburger gibt's nicht mehr. Schuld ist das Bundesverfassungsgericht. Um seinen Gästen das Rauchen zu ermöglichen, bietet der kellnernde Inhabe keine selbst zubereiteten Speisen mehr an. Man bestellt beim Lieferservice stattdessen. Für die laue Temperatur des Burgers und der Pommes entschädigt jedoch das Eiskalte Guinness. Und dass man qualmen kann ohne vor die Tür zu müssen. Das wäre auch schade, denn man sitzt ja immerhin im urigsten und originalsten English Pub weit und breit. Das Ganze unweit des Hauptbahnhofs, ideal für ein Treffen mit alten Bekannten. Und wenn man sich mit ein paar Guinness Mut angetrunken hat, traut man sich auch wieder durch den grusligen Park zurück zum Hauptbahnhof :-)~burgers 
Not bad sushi, quiet and relax atmosphere. The service is good. The place is clean and the menu is reasonable in price.~sushi, 
Unfortunately the worst sushi I have ever had. The presentation was uninspired, the taste unmotivating and I don't even want to think about the  quality. This always happens when I let my best friend chose the restaurant haha.~sushi 
Came here for dinner while staying at an airport hotel. We were the only people in the restaurant. Decor is clean and tidy. Sushi rolls were nicely presented, tasty, and reasonably priced. Service was friendly and quick.~sushi 
Love the layout to fuel up your car.   There is plenty of room for cars to safely use all pumps and the turn to get to a different aisle or pump is easy due to the wide lanes. The gas prices at Superpumpers are generally more expensive, thus the deduction of a star. The convenience store is awesome with plenty of delicious coffee, slurpees, hot dogs, and any other gas store food item/beverage you could want. The store is always clean and well lit both inside and outside, which is a huge bonue when you are filling up your tank at night.~coffee, hot dogs, 
This place carries MAC, Bobbi Brown, Estee Lauder, Clinique, and Perspectives cosmetics (just to name a few brands). The prices are mostly $2-$10 less than the original price. I was ecstatic to find this place. I will definitely return to get more MAC products whenever I'm going to Vegas.~brown, 
I'm a big fan of this store- all the Estee Lauder owned brands under one roof- Origins, Clinique, Bobbie Brown, Lancome, etc. are right here (I love MAC). Large variety of fragrances including Estee Lauder's signature scent "Beautiful."   I might not always buy something here, but I am sure tempted to do so. The supplies (tissues, swabs, cotton balls located on top of the displays with trash cans nearby) to test the products, is just another helpful push to do just that. A good place to see if something will go well with your skin tone, is right on your hand. Wipe off and toss in the bin. Since I go to this one the most, I buy more from this store.   If I can get MAC products for 20%-30% less, I'm all for it. The last time we went here, I got a new MAC lipstick in a neutral brown shade (this is probably my favorite MAC item by far- almost obsessed with MAC lipstick). There are foundation compacts, eye shadows (singles, doubles, and quads), lipstick, lip glass, lip liners, eye liners, makeup cases, and much more. I don't really care that it's past season stuff. It's not like anyone is going to know unless you're a full fledged makeup artist. (The only other place to go for MAC products, if you want to pay full price are department store like Macy's, Dillard's & Nordstrom. Oops, and the free standing MAC stores, of course.) You ask the girl at the counter for the specific product and she will ring you up there.     Husbands are welcome to sit outside, where there are benches (ha-ha). Sometimes all the fragrances inside is a bit much, I understand.~brown, brown 
All estee lauder own brands at a discount! Well, it is outlet items but makeup is makeup, and skincare is skincare.   These places, compare to regular price items, have up to 40% markdown. For instance, Bobbi Brown eye shadow and brush cost 25+ each. I bought both for $35. (Brush 19$ and eyeshadow $15). The stick foundation was 45$ but here sells $20(?).   The down side here is that the staffs aren't educated about the item or have much cosmetic knowledge, so you should do your research before coming in. They cannot and probably will not help you with color match or fix your skin condition.   Another down is, since it is an outlet, items and color options here are pretty limited. I've been to 2 different stores and I noticed they carry wide range of different selections. I guess it's also a hit or miss thing.  Brands I saw were Bobbi brown (my all time favorite!!), Estee Lauder (obviously), lancome, smashbox (they don't have contour kits), Clinique, Origins, Mac, Perspective, and other few brands that's own by Estee L.   They sell makeups, skincares, fragrances, hair stuff, body wash, and travel size mirrors, and very few travel  brushes. If you're from LA like myself, try The Orange in Anaheim or Ontario Mills. There is no online site.~brown brown ( anaheim 
I have not had Vietnamese sandwiched for many years, so I was happily surprised to see this place in an out of the way part of Brampton. The sandwich I had was quite good.~sandwich 
hit Le G last week with sis and her daughters.  kinda depressing to hit this shopping center and see white chocolate grill close, i believe steele's is closed, a few other places closed , too.  First time i sit in the dining room.  Sis orders a pizza, youngest niece orders ravioli, older niece orders a mystery pasta dish ( even with the dining area less than 1/4 full, the acoustics suck - very hard to hear everyone at the table ) I try one of their specials - a kitchen sink deal - chicken with tomatoes, artichoke hearts, olives, i think asparagus with a cream sauce and a pasta side.  nothing much here - somewhat dull.    we also order 3   gelatos to share - we all agree this will save the meal.  the youngest ordered vanilla - she didn't like it, my sis tries it - something funny tasting about it - i give it a try - it's citrus-y  - lemon ?   sis tries again, yes, lemon.  advise the server.  he leaves, comes back and tells us that they occasionally get some rind into some of the flavors - huh ?  he then leaves !   oh well, one less place to go to !~white pizza pasta chicken artichoke asparagus pasta lemon ? lemon. 
This restaurant has the same ownership as Zefferino's at the Venetian though the menu is not nearly as ambitious and the pricing more friendly though hardly inexpensive.  We shared the Le Golosita salad - watercress, radicchio, arugula, cherry tomatoes, olives and shrimp wrapped in prosciutto in vinaigrette.  My wife's entre was veal saltimbocca - veal scaloppini topped with sage and pancetta in a white wine sauce. I chose the branzino - 2 Mediterranean sea bass filets with white wine and capers.  Each entre included roasted potatoes and crisp green beans. Prior to exiting we stopped at the adjoining bakery and taste tested several varieties of gelato.  It was a tough decision since 19 flavors were available, but we settled on a small cup of pistachio. All gelato is prepared in-house and each one we sampled was at least very good.~salad - watercress, radicchio, arugula, cherry shrimp white white capers. green beans. 
Wow -- finally...really good Italian -- in the neighborhood -- with real Italians in the kitchen...on the floor...molto bene...mi piace...heavy sigh!  So here's the deal -- these are the folks who run Zefferino's in the Venetian -- they've opened this place -- been open 2 months as your eagle-eyed yelpers have told you -- and they were dead on -- finding this is totally a credit to yelp!  yay!    Maria Theresa and her husband, Francesco are so lovely, so genuine -- there's also Aldo -- and on the floor, Pierre -- the token Frenchman... we can't wait to "hug in" again!  We had eggplant parm, branzino and the lobster tagliatelle -- and started with the calamari/zucchini fritte...but the real telltale sign that we were in for a treat -- the breads...yep - their breads are spot-on flawless...olive bread, focaccia, grissini and wafer thin flat bread so crispy and fresh you can barely pick it up without it crumbling...  Prices -- totally reasonable -- most entrees are all under $20 -- love that...in fact, most of the pastas were under $15 and finally -- portions that aren't just stupid huge...   We decided long before we sampled our way through the gelato, the cookies and pastries, that this was our new favorite restaurant!  Note:  they have an upstairs private room -- perfect for 20 -  24 -- it's a little cramped, but there are restrooms upstairs...local companies take note -- this is perfect for a lunch meeting -- or for us, Girls' Night Out -- after our last rowdy happening at Table 34, we've decided perhaps a buffer between us and the rest of the world is a good thing...  Go -- eat!    Oh and if you're wondering like I was, where the devil this place is located (let's face it, Eastern isn't good enough of a directional for me these days...-- turn in that new shopping center that is home to the monstrosity called White Chocolate Grill (yeah, right...)  -- drive right past and park behind it -- that's Le Golosita!  At first glance, you'll probably think it's Mexican like we did... I'm sure you'll enjoy your dinner much more than if you'd chosen WCG...    One more tip:  meringue gelato...huge wow...  update:  took the kids last night -- and had pizzas... divine -- we had a margherita -- then the kids decided they also wanted a meatball and sausage pizza even though it wasn't on the menu and the kitchen happily obliged and it was delicious (so good the boys ate 2 12").   I'm now going to have to try their spaghetti & meatballs...~olive cookies pastries, white sausage pizza spaghetti & 
Update 5/13/08  In response to Carly's delightful little remark (WTF?) ...they "import" a lot of their chefs and staff from Italy where their cuisine originates.   Gelato certainly isn't something that everyone knows how to do.  It isn't like washing dishes.  I have had a lot of bad gelato in this city.  This place has great gelato.    This is a charming Italian restaurant with daily specials and fresh pasta.  Everything is made in house.  They brought over a man from Italy who makes fresh gelato.   A wide assortment of baked goods including traditional Italian cookies and pastries are made here as well.  Half of the shop is bakery, gelato, and prepared foods counters.  The first time I went there they had a whole boars head in the case.  It still had the eyes, teeth and hair on it.  This almost warranted an extra star for the sheer wow factor.  The down side is I am not a huge fan of the texture of the pasta here.  I think it is too coarse but not like improperly cooked pasta.  My guess is that they are using a strange blend of flour.  Maybe it is cut with garbanzo bean flour or something obscure like that.  I prefer the meat and fish dishes instead.  Terrific servers.  On the ball.  Prosciutto e melone is on the menu but they don't serve the melon in balls; they just give you disproportionate chunks.~pasta. cookies pastries pasta pasta. 
I swear I wrote the review to this place already but just couldn't find it. So here I go again. I went here when they first opened for a meeting and I couldn't be more disappointed. The staff was horrible, everyone was like chickens with their heads cut off, except they were all standing around doing nothing and not paying attention to anyone.   I ordered sparkling water with lime. They brought lemon, I asked again, they brought more lemon, I asked again and then I got line after 30 minutes of being there and our food already being served.   The decor is horrible, the food wasn't worth the the ingredients, if I could I would have gone back and made the dishes myself. It was overpriced, under service. I could go on, but the atmosphere was just bad, the owners were there and payed no attention to their guests except for the owners friend.  Just because you open a restaurant doesn't mean you can make money and this place even got me to want to do a chargeback except i paid cash because we couldnt get the check, or change, or anything.~lime. lemon, lemon, 
Atmosphere is 5 stars  While going next door for lunch I noticed the place was finally open...  The dessert section & fresh deli really is eye catching...everything is made so fresh... and looks soo appetizing  Since I already had lunch plans I decided to just get a dessert.. it was really hard to choose from, they had so many that looked sooo delicious!!!!  What I selected looked a little better than it tasted but that will not stop me from returning... I,  in fact made  Valentines Day reservations... I will let you know how that goes  UPDATE::: 2/14/08 , food is AWSOME, presentation is totally 5 stars,   I actually found a cool site that offers half off discounts...  pizza is great so is the sea food.. will go again & again!!!!~pizza 
This place is gorgeous.  They didn't skimp on a single thing as far as the decor goes, and it's definitely a place to take a date.  Food-wise, the prices are much more reasonable than the other reviews seem to make it out to be.  The most expensive things are around $16-25, but most are around the $12 range, and the sandwiches are about $8.  I could tell that everything was made in-house, but the sandwich I had was a little unimpressive, as it was mostly bread and not too much of the filling.    What makes this place is the desserts.  The gelato here is easily the best anywhere in Vegas, but this comes at a steep $8 price, which is out of my range for anything except the most special occasions.  The other baked items were exquisite.  I'm also a tea fanatic, and I have to say that the chai latte that they have here is better than anywhere in Vegas ever, and I've tried easily 20 different styles.    Service was okay, not incredible or very attentive, but all my needs were provided.  The host wore a sour expression, but did his job. The server was prompt and polite, if not overly friendly.  The ambiance was very nice, with soft music playing.  The bathrooms and embellishments there-in are a wonderful touch, and I absolutely loved the fact that there was a mouth-wash dispenser with little cups there.  Perfect touch, well-done.    Overall, I recommend this place, but moreso for a coffee and dessert than the food itself, though it is certainly not bad.~date. sandwich tea coffee 
Popusa was fried, music to load ( could not have conversation), rice tasted old, cabbage was not chopped up and very soggy. Will no be going to this establishment any time soon....My hunt continues for a good popusa.....~cabbage 
The food is great! No doubt. So why the 2 stars? Part of the restaurant experience is the customer service. The waitress messed up our order, the food took a long time to come out and came out piecemeal. At the end there were $8 tacked onto the bill and when I asked about it I was told that the waters were $2 each. Not bottled waters, not even iced water with lemon; just plain filtered water from the fountain. No ice, just water, they had the gall to charge $2 a glass.  I will never.. NEVER darken this establishment's doorway again.~lemon; 
I like this place. The highlight was the beef. It was always fresh even during the summer time. (Some hot pot places changed their beef when summer time rolled around - which kind of makes sense because hot pot isn't as popular during the summer)  They have a communal sauce pot which gets passed around from table to table, something that I'm not too crazy about. The amount of sauces available are limiting compared to another hot pot place that's on East Wilmot.  Staff are friendly too.   Their dim sum offering at lunch time is pretty decent and I recommend it, I go there frequently for lunch.  I didn't try the seafood option, I just got the regular beef option and I've tried different soups, all are flavourful when I've ordered them.  There is a decent section of food to choose from.   Dessert was decent but not many choices.  They also offer all you can drink lemon or plum drink. You can even ask for regular Chinese tea.~beef. beef beef lemon plum tea. 
***DIMSUM REVIEW*** NOT HOTPOT*** This place might have the lowest number of stars i've seen on Yelp (1.5* at the time of writing), but thankfully I didn't have the hot pot here and probably never well.  I asked my friend to pick a good dimsum place and he said his favourite was dragon boat down the street, but we had to wake up and get there before 10:30am so I said eff that. This was his second choice, with good food, and more reasonable prices...and never any line up. Given the ratings I'm no longer surprised. But he was right! This place was pretty good...for its dimsum! He's never tried the hot pot there either.  Between the 7 of us, we had a ton of food. For the most part, I got to eat some of my usuals, and some not so usuals: - shrimp dumpling (hargow): good - spare ribs and taro: very good - chicken feet: very good - chicken rice wrapped in lotus leaves: REALLY GOOD - shrimp rice roll: good - beef short ribs: okay - fried octopus tenacles: okay - braised beef tendons: okay  I did not break out in hives after having their shrimp, so it must be pretty fresh.  There was a bunch of other stuff as well and they were all decent. The bill was about $10 per person after tax and tip. Super cheap. Service is a little lacking, but not a huge problem.~shrimp taro: chicken chicken shrimp beef beef shrimp, 
2.5 star  Sometimes you wondering why all these AYCE Hot Pot restaurants all opened up all close together. Lucky Season is one of the newest one that opened up at the Leslie/Hwy 7 area.  This used to be a Cantonese Restaurant. A lot of work have done to the interior to transformed it to a Hot Pot Restaurant.    Hot Pot with Seafood Platter ($20.99 per person, $2 extra on weekends) - lobster, shrimps, oysters, mussels, salmon, white fish, squid, cuttlefish - other selections are quite decent similar to other hot pot restaurants in the area  The complimentary soup bases are quite interesting too, aside from the usual, there is Laksa and Thai Coconut Chicken Soup too.  The sauces are served in the jars which they delivered to the table. I found the Laksa soup a little on the weak side, so I put extra dry chili flakes in....  There are also 5 desserts that they offers, I found they were all too sweet and tasted like they have left heating on top of the stove for quite awhile.   Service is really friendly. The staffs checked on us all through the evening, kept asking if we need to order more food...... and asked why we not eating more since it is AYCE.  10% is added automatically on your bill which they calculate based on after tax total of your check.  Overall, Lucky Season is not too bad... but I found a lot of their items lack "Freshness" including vegetables, meat and seafood.... and even desserts tasted stale.............~shrimps, salmon, white thai coconut chicken 
One of my worst restaurant experiences.  The first issue was that our order sheet was 'somehow' lost, and we ended up writing our entire order again. This was our first order after waiting for 20 minutes. Second, when our revised order finally came through we asked for things like more soy sauce, water, etc. but they NEVER came. Lastly they forced a 10% service charge on the already expensive bill with such poor service.  They were extremely understaffed the night I went to the point where they had to call their sons and daughters to help out. I saw several people from other tables stand up with their order sheet waving down a waiter with frustration. The food was not exceptionally good for the price you are paying. With such bad service I would discourage anyone from trying this place to pay for their child labour...~soy sauce, 
I don't know what I  ate  after spending $20+. The seafood is not fresh at all. The fish ball stuff have no taste mix a lot of flour etc. The washroom stinks so bad this can tell you how well they prepare anything. And why is the egg dessert soooooo yellow? You think about it~egg 
Where to begin? Let's try to keep this simple and quick.  Service was horrendous, food took forever to come, rude waitresses, and bland food. Recipe for disaster, highly recommend going elsewhere unless you enjoy all the aforementioned statements above. Oh they also charge for tea, thought I just plug that in.~tea, 
Lucky Season Hot Pot is just one of the many restaurants that occupy Times Square in Richmond Hill. This restaurant is a dim sum place by afternoon and hot pot place at just about any other time. We went on a Friday night and they were offering a special on the AYCE Hot Pot ($15.99 for Hot Pot, $17.99 with Seafood). We just went with the cheaper option because the seafood one didn't seem too enticing.   The options were plentiful as the menu had just about everything you could think of for hot pot. They had a nice variety of meat too with lamb, beef, pork, chicken, and even beef tongue. Be careful not to order too many at once as the portions on each plate are mighty hefty (Not sure if it was because there was 4 of us or not). The meat were all pretty tasty. The broth is what really makes hot pot and they did a fine job. Not the best I've ever tasted, but it wasn't bad at all. The normal broth (don't know if it has a name) was pretty bland and was meant more for veggies. The spicy broth wasn't overly spicy but was definitely the better one of the two and it started to overflow with all the stuff we were mercilessly throwing in there.  For the price and the variety of meats, I thought the place was A-Ok. I have been to only a handful of hot pot places but this one was definitely up to par. Not the cleanest of the bunch but it has its positives. The place itself is overly big and not very busy, especially for a weekend at night, but worth a shot while they still have this promo.~lamb, beef, pork, chicken, beef 
Hey. Ended up here because literally, every other hot pot place in the area was SO JAM PACKED.. On a Wednesday night.. at 8:30pm.. (seriously, we went to like 3-4 other locations before ending up here).  And honestly, kind of glad we did. No line at all, actually it wasn't too busy. They have dim sum during the day, and you can also choose to order from their hot kitchen at dinner time, but everyone else in there eating that night was there for hot pot. $18.99 for beef and $21.99 for seafood (which includes a half lobster for each person). Pretty sweet deal, but we opted for the beef.   The beef came in huge portions! This is my quam with most other hot pot places. You order a lot of beef and they only bring you about half of what you expected.   The variety of things to eat are good also. The service was good too.~beef beef. beef beef 
My family suggested going to this place for hot pot, and to be honest this place is not so bad compared to the other reviews. The service was probably better since I was with the parents, and they tend to treat you better if you speak their native language.   We got the seafood all you can eat hotpot and it was delicious. The lobster was fresh. Each person got half a lobster which was pretty good. I had an extra one since somebody at my table did not want theirs. It can get a little messy, so if you do not want to get messy, I would not suggest going there.   On top of that, there was dessert. The mango dessert was delicious and unique compared to the other desserts I've had in Chinese restaurants. They also serve ice tea in a pitcher.   When the bill came, it was a bit confusing as they did not divvy up the price and I did not see the added tip people were talking about. There was tax they added of course. Regardless, I felt we paid a reasonable price for what we got.~mango tea 
I needed to stop by a vape shop for my little brother to get some refills. I was eating at Vito Pizza and when I left I saw there was a vape shoppe across the street near the Little Caesar. I was like what a coincidence. Went there and was treated with a friendly staff and very knowledgeable employees on what I needed. I got what my brother needed and took an extra refill of some Skittle flavored ones also. I would say place was clean and very welcome expierence. My brother tested the Skittles flavor and really loved it. I give them a 5 star for good experience and knowledge.~pizza 
Too freaking bright!  Please do something about your day time lighting.  I realize people like to have light, outside light, however, it would be nice to enjoy the great to good food, without actually wearing sunglasses during days where there are no clouds.  I would think this is obvious.  Great menu, great specials.  Very impressed with food quality.  Good place to have a converation on business or personal.  Service is always solid, which is impressive because the two dozen times I have been there it is obviously kids (18-21) serving.  The seem well trained and "get it" when it comes to serving us old folk.  Easy to get too, anyone that says it is so far away needs to have two glasses of wine when they arrive.  The drive is worth it.  Would like to see more Asian dishes, but that is not their model that is my preference.  Would recommend any salad.  Bar is a nice place to sit and relax in the evening.~salad. 
I recently held my little sister's bridal shower at Kennedy's as it was her favorite restaurant in the Champaign-Urbana area.  Everything was perfect!  We were there for a while (opening presents etc) and both hosts were very attentive to my needs and went above and beyond to make sure I was stress free for the shower.  The food spread was beautiful, we had a perfect amount, everything tasted amazing and everyone was impressed!  As the shower was concluding, we walked out on the patio behind the restaurant and had some wine...it overlooked the golf course and was a gorgeous scene for family pictures.  I was also recently attending a conference at the I hotel but wanted to go some place that was nice for lunch with several of my colleagues...so we headed down the road to Kennedy's.  I had the mushroom explosion soup-- hands down the best soup I've ever had.  I also had one of their fresh seasonal salads (I had one with strawberries and goat cheese).   My friend had a sandwich and the other had a salad and mushroom explosion soup as well.  Both were very impressed with the service, food quality, and the price for lunch was an AMAZING deal for the quality we received.  I will plan on returning to Kennedy's for special occasions and anytime that I am ever in town on business.~mushroom salads ( cheese) sandwich salad mushroom 
Went for a dinner one evening. The place looked deserted. I thought for a second, are they even open today? When we walked in, we were greeted well and shown to a table. Inside, about 5 tables and the bar was occupied. Over the course of the meal, we saw few more tables fill up. But no crowds.  They have a decent wine selection and have a full bar. Although they seem to be out of three different types of Cognac I ordered. I finally settled for a nice Kentucky Bourbon.   Make sure to get a good table. The views of the evening on the golf course are priceless. You would see a deer or  a rabbit on the greens in the evening. They also have patio seating.   The food was delicious. The prices are very reasonable. The service is excellent and the attention to the guests is commendable.   Food we had: Walleye fish  Chicken  Both were absolutely delicious.  Highly recommend.~greens chicken 
Just left Kennedy's at Stone Creek for a great dinner with some friends.  Service was wonderful - food was very tasty - the views were beautiful and best of all it was half price wine by the glass night (every Tuesday). I ordered a delicious crab cake with a wonderful caper sauce and spring greens with a berry vinaigrette.  I really enjoyed every bite.  My friend had the shrimp risotto and said it was very delicious.  Prices were extremely reasonable.  I would highly recommend Kennedy's.~cake greens shrimp 
I dread when people suggest this restaurant. What is served here is all the worst of American restaurant food: rubbery chicken in a sauce that glistens of grease, tough steaks, fish that is dry, tough and scary. The salads are a boring combination of iceberg lettuce and purple shreds (I've seen fresher at convenience stores). The food is overcooked and bland, yet greasy. The rooms are cold-feeling, cheaply constructed and unimaginative. It doesn't help, either, that the restaurant is in the middle of nowhere, so you have to drive a long way to get what is, basically, bad airport food.  I used to love the old Kennedy's. This is not that restaurant, not any more.~chicken steaks, salads iceberg lettuce 
The first time I went here was epic. Some family was in town, so we went out to Kennedy's. A family friend, and the friend's family, also joined us. Conversation started out nice enough - what we were studying, how we liked Chambana, and then the friend's mother brought up abortion. (or was it assisted suicide? Or baby torture? Or some other wildly inappropriate topic?). And then when we changed the topic she brought it up again. And again. And again. But I digress.  Kennedy's is among the fanciest restaurants within reasonable distance of the Illinois campus. So, when I was here last time and there were people in sweats and gym shoes - I was a bit saddened. Really people? Sweats at a $25/plate restaurant? Bleh. I wish they'd institute a dress code. It doesn't have to be overly strict - how about "if you look like a doofus, you don't eat". Is that so much to ask?  The food has been pretty good when I've been here. However - a word of warning. If you're a vegetarian - you probably don't want to go here. At dinner - they have one entree for vegetarians. One. The last time I was here our very sweet waitress went back to the kitchen to see if they could do any other vegetarian entrees - and they were able to drum up one other option. She actually seemed somewhat embarrassed about this. Neither vegetarian entree was anything to write home about though. Our vegetarian appetizer was also quite uninspiring.  I think they just don't know how to serve food that doesn't have meat in it.  Service tends to be good, though without the same feel that you get in a nice restaurant in Chicago. Somehow, just a little less professional. Not objectionable, just different.  If you're looking for a nice restaurant for a date, and you're not vegetarian, this is about as good as you're going to do in Chambana.~date, 
I was taken here for my birthday. Since we had not spent any money on a real night out in a long time, it was supposed to be a special treat. It was a bad/sad waste of time, money, and calories. It really pissed me off because this place was recommended to me by somebody whose opinion in these matters I really trust (read: fat guy).  Everything that we ordered was bad or wrong. If dressing was supposed to be on the side, it was on the top. Soup is supposed to be warm, and the items in the soup are supposed to be cooked through and tender (I think it was an apple and sweet potato soup, or maybe a butternut squash soup, either way it was shitty shitty). The entree's were similarly bad, bland, or messed up.   I attribute all this to poor training of the staff, both the cooks and the servers. I think that both draw from the student/teenager subset of service workers and not the career waitstaff personnel that you would hope work at a restaurant of this caliber (price range). On paper the menu sounds good, but no item was as good as its potential. I wish this was a better place, as it is really close to home, but I will never return to give it a second chance.~apple sweet potato 
This restaurant was such a disappointment for me. When I asked around from students who had been there before, they all told me it was a really nice elegant tasty restaurant.  That is far from the truth. I expected something really nice and posh, and well...tasty.  Instead, when we got there everything looked really cheap and tacky.  I'm not sure if it's because this place was in Urbana and they thought they didn't need to be nice or what, but it just was sad.    I thought maybe the food would redeem itself, but NO. We ordered the caprese and let me say I've had much much better.  The whole thing was so inedible.  We ordered that because it looked like an appetizer that you cannot mess up, but we were wrong.    In addition, my friend is a vegetarian and they had only one or two items on the entire menu that were vegetarian friendly.  I hate when a restaurant skimps out on vegetarian meals.  I am not a vegetarian, but I do like to occasionally skip on meat.  The whole menu in general did not give a classy vibe. I do not know if it's because I've seen really good menus in Chicago and I'm being biased, but this was not good at all.   The vegetarian pasta I ordered was really extremely bland.  It supposedly had pesto sauce, but you could barely taste it, and the veggies were definitely undercooked for sure.  When I heard it was supposed to be a nice dressy place I put on a dress and thought I'd blend in well, but then when we got there, it was a mix of people really dressed up and others wearing sweats and a t-shirt.  I do not know what that was all about, but it turned me off.    I hear the steaks are great, so maybe that's the only thing they specialize in?  I can understand why someone living in Urbana or Champaign would come here seeing as there are limited nice restaurants in the area, but I would rather go to Timpones, Biaggis or Jim Gould's over Kennedy's.~pasta steaks 
I really like this restaurant if you're in the mood for somewhere fancy.  It's not well known.. so you have to really hear it from somebody else.  It's on a golf course so it's a great place to have dinner and watch the sunset.    The service is impeccable.  They are well trained and attentive.  The food is a hit or miss.  I would recommend their specials which are in general.. much better than their regular menu.  I really like their prime rib special where they get their beef from a farm nearby.  And now they are on Opentable!  So you can get a table that way.~beef 
I've eaten here several times and the food, service and specials never disappoint.  This is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in Champaign-Urbana and a must-go every time I'm in town.  Whether a formal dinner or a casual night out, Kennedy's can do it all.  The tournados with goat cheese is my all-time favorite steak dish and the crab cakes are phenomenal.~cheese steak 
I have never been an exuberant fan of this restaurant. The couple of times I have previously visited Kennedy's the food was always mediocre and so was the service. It had also been quite a while since I visited the restaurant, so I thought we should try again. My companion ordered a pork chop that was beautiful. It was thick, on the bone and looked like it was grilled perfectly, but it also had a sauce over it. The sauce was extremely salty and far to strong for the pork. You couldn't taste the pork at all under the sauce. It was a waste of a lovely pork chop.   I had beef tenderloin tips in a bourbon sauce that was again way too salty. I am German and love my salt, but this was too much for even me.   The service, I have to admit was...attentive. She obviously was eager to leave from the moment we arrived at 7:00. We were rushed to order and then once we received our food we had barely had a few bites before she was offering us to go boxes. I do like seeing a server too much over never seeing them and always waiting, but a few minutes to settle in, peruse the menu and then to enjoy our food is nice also.~pork pork. pork pork beef 
We got to sample some of Belinda's pickles at the Phoenix Public Farmer's Market.  They have a terrific crunch - unlike any I've had before - in 2 flavors.  They were so good we had to buy some to take back to California!~pickles 
I LOVE Belinda's pickles. I personally enjoy the pickles with the peppers. The pickles are always crisp and filled with flavor. They always set up shop at the Phoenix Public Market. Whenever we see them there, we must buy. They are usually giving away free samples, so you can try before you buy!~pickles. pickles pickles 
The best pickle I have ever tasted. My only regret is finding this so late in my life.   The owner was increadibly nice, too. She even held my bags for me while I went to purchase some roses (which took longer than I had expected).   Belinda's Pickles are a quality product, the maker pays special attention to detail and does her grandmother's recipe proud!!!  I don't know if she has a shop somewhere, I bought my pickles at the Phoenix Public Market. If you are there, DO NOT MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY.~pickles pickles 
My husband and I were looking for a place to grab a bite after getting back from a tour of the Highlands. The restaurant was nearly empty because it was pretty late and we were told to sit anywhere.  It took quite a long time to get any service from the wait staff but it was well worth it.  I had the insalata spinaci which was absolutely delicious and I was surprised at how well the mustard dressing tied it all together.  My husband had the vesuvio pizza.  The chili oil added a great taste to it but made the pizza look a little greasy.  Even with the oily appearance this pizza was wonderful!  The crust was done perfectly and combination of sausage, chili oil, peppers and basil was great.    The food was wonderful at Strada even though the service was lacking, which could be due to the time of day.~pizza pizza pizza sausage, 
The delightfully helpful waitress made Strada 3 star rather than 2 star.  The Pizza was ok but the menu stated it was veggie friendly but it had parmesan in the pesto which isn't veggie.  The lovely waitress was able to custom my pizza to suit.  The cheesecake was delicious.  I got 25% off the food bill by joining their mailing list.~pizza pizza 
Check out those odd shaped balls!!  I love Italy. The country has such style and grace, and what's more they make delicious, stomach filling, smile inducing food. Strada might be a chain of restaurants, but I don't care. It has the style and grace I expect when I go to a modern Italian for something to eat. What's more, they have these odd shaped orb lights in the main dining room, which just look wonderful and soften the otherwise sharp lines of the decor.  The staff were wonderful, last night looked like it was the night the castle got washed off the mound it was raining so hard, but despite the miserable weather, the place was still busy but that didn't stop the waitress having a big smile and a helpful attitude to serving us.  The menu is pretty substantial. Nice starters, I had the mushroom risotto balls. Delicious little bundles of flavour with a soft, gooey mozzarella middle. Yum! Exactly the lip smacking yummy food you want from an Italian restaurant.  Do you like Peroni? I do, and they do three varieties; three! They have your common or garden, Nastro Azzurro and Gran Reserva. Naturally I had to try all three, each of which were perfect. Their wine menu was more than acceptable too.  For main, I had some twisty little pasta with Italian sausage, ham, a shave of cheese and some chilli butter. Again, food that makes you feel like you've been wrapped up in a warm blanket. I think it needed a little more mositure though, it was a bit heavy going once you were towards the end of the plate, but I suspect that is personal choice.  We also had a plate full of spaghetti pomodoro, which is a simple and perfect as it gets, and the reward was scrummy flavours, all of which tasted fresh and well cooked. The rest of the menu was an area of risotto, pasta, pizza and meat and fish. It honestly took us 20 minutes to choose, it all sounded so tasty.  We were too stuffed to eat dessert, content with holding our stomachs with delight before being washed away down the street by the monsoon going on outside.  You have to go here if you like Italian fodder. Even if it is only to see those wonderful odd shaped balls.~mushroom mozzarella pasta sausage, cheese butter. spaghetti pasta, pizza 
Heerlijke pasta gegeten met zeevruchten. Deze was goed van smaak en de bediening was ergvriendelijk. Het restaurant is vrij groot en bestaat uit twee etages.~pasta 
Very nice steak here took my inlaws and they really enjoyed it~steak 
Strada. Yelp review. 6 pm.   I have truly had a most delicious evening. My evening at Strada was buoyed by a fab waiter. An Ozzie no less. I've actually been served by him before.  Not sure why I didn't leave a review. He is well well versed in wines, liquers and spirits. I actually said to him he ought do consulting and training sessions for restaurants. He's quick, he hustles-but more over he's able to be "present" and " in the moment" with your customer.... Though as a waiter you know someone is waiting for their bill, food, water, wine or spoon for their presently appearing soup from the kitchen- this waiter is present. It's like DR Who stopping time. It's a skill!! Needs to be taught!!  So I had the risotto -see photo- and i proposed brocoli as a sub for no cheese. And bean greens no butter!  Voila!  Sooooo moorish and fab.    I really take my hats off to places where the chefs' do not have a complete benny at a request which deviates from set menu.   All in all a five star visit.   My red wine was gorgeous. Great legs. And the brandy I ordered beautifully warm class.   Thankyou Strada for a grand visit when I had no plans to eat out. Puppy sat all day..... 2 glasses of nector was earned/allowed me thinks!!!  Ps. Try lemoncello liqueur.  Out of sight!!~cheese. greens butter! 
I first discovered this chain in York, England whilst Hubbie and i were taking a wee break before the wedding.  I was really taken back with the food and feel in love with the dishes and was happy to see that it gad arrived in Edinburgh.  I know that the branches offer different menus but i was hope that the bruscetta with peppers was at Edinburghs' branch, but it wasn't.   However i did choose the Vegetarian Pizza which had goat's cheese, peppers, aubergine and rocket.  The base was nice and crispy and the topping was tasty.  I had the chocolate fondue which was recommended by the waitress but wish i hadn't - I've had better and it was defo a pre-made out the freezer thing as it didn't take long to reach the table!  Service was quick and friendly but it was almost empty on a (last night) Thursday night ...~pizza cheese, 
Having quite enjoyed a couple of the chain's outlets in London I thought, a couple of weekends before Xmas, that I should try out the one in Edinburgh. Whilst not exactly a mistake this turned out not to be one of my better ideas. Service was slower than it should have been (maybe they were a staff member down) although they were as good as their word inasmuch as we were told a table would be available in 20 minutes & were seated fairly promptly when we returned from having a pint across the road. I can also imagine that seating walk-ins rather than taking bookings all night is a bit harder to do although it may well help generate a steady level of profit. Food-wise the £9.95 anti-pasti is poor value for money, being simply three slices of bread, tomato & mozzarella, a dollop of bruschetta topping and a few slices of a couple of meats. The blob of truffle may be what puts the price up but there are plenty of places in the city doing far more varied takes on the dish at keener prices. The wine we chose was a decent drop but on the subject of drinks beware, if using tesco vouchers as I was  when they say no drinks they mean absolutely none. Whilst I can understand (but still disagree) that with alcohol I fail to see the point with tea & coffee. Won't be back in a hurry.~tomato & mozzarella, tea & coffee. 
So I understand this is a chain. It looked OK but at 9 PM on a Friday, it was empty. I should have continued walking. Service was slooooooooow. I ordered at about 20 after nine PM and the entree arrives at a few minutes after 10 PM. I then hear a customer seriously griping at the manager over long waits, wrong wines and wrong bills being delivered. The antipasto starter was good with a few cuts of Italian hams, salami and cheese. The rigatoni speck I order which was supposed to be like a carbonara comes out. Its a small portion, a few slices of ham in it, the creamy cheesey sauce lacks much flavor and the rigatoni tastes a little undercooked and chewy. The place was not terrible but I would not go here again.~cheese. 
We ended up going to L.A.B without planning it but I was pleasantly surprised.  The ambiance is lovely and the service is wonderful.  The beet salad was good but nothing special.  I really like beets so was happy. The lamb meal is good and everyone who ordered it really liked it.  It is cooked at a low temperature so it was not very hot when it came out but that is a part of the meal (still very good).   My favorite meal of the night was the short ribs.  They were delicious and flavorful and everything and the plate was amazing. The VERY best part was the Chocolate Budino With Salt Caramel Chocolate Mousse.  It is delicious and the salty sweetness is wonderful.  If you don't like salted caramel though you may not love it, but it was a hit at our table.  The manager was very friendly and attentive as were the servers.  I will definitely go back.~beet salad lamb caramel caramel 
If you are in Toronto and hungry, go to LAB!   This place is amazing - and it doesn't matter if you are a vegetarian or a meat-atarian, you'll love it.  Went last night for an anniversary dinner, and weren't we lucky? We had the place to ourselves. Seriously, though, there is something wrong with a city that has line-ups for Terroni, and a place like LAB is empty.  The decor is really great. Lively art on the walls, and a fun theme of a mad scientist's lair.  The server last night also seemed to be one of the owners. He was super nice, funny, and good at his job. He mentioned that he's a vegetarian and his co-owner is a meat eater and they wanted to create a place where both of them would feel equally happy. I think they've pulled it off.  Last night we had apps of corn spaetzle and a grilled romaine salad. They were both well executed and flavorful, and every ingredient added something to the whole dish. We followed with rabbit sous-vide on noodles with tomato sauce, and a veal shoulder entree. Everything was delicious! Capped it off with a shared portion of grilled pear with tequila saboyan ( a sorbet).  Entrees ranged from $18 for the vegetarian to $25 for the meat. I thought it was well worth it. The quality of cooking and preparation was among the best I've had.   YUM! It was so good! I ate too much because I had to eat everything. Seriously. GO!!! NOW! Stop reading this and book a reservation!~corn romaine salad. tomato pear 
I joined some Carbon-based Lifeforms into L.A.B expecting some scientific lab experience.  What came was less highschool experimental gaseous explosions and more modern Italian plainness.  I guess my encounter with Molecular Gastronomy will have to take place at a later time and most likely outside of the Torontonian airspace.  Although not what I was fully looking forward to, it was a dinner that serves well in the Little Italy neighbourhood with tiny elements of science involve more so than your daily rice and pasta.  The 3-course $30.oo Prix Fixe my Friends enjoyed was what I should of went for instead of searching for that almighty Molecular meal that never came to existence.  Long Bean Salad ($10.00) Eggplant Tapenade($8.00)  Trout with Fagiolli Cannellini and Tomato Caviar($25.00) Pappardelle alla Bolognese ($18.00) Carrot Risotto($18.00) Lamb Shank with Cabernet Sauvignon Powder($25.00)  Chocolate Budino With Salt Caramel Chocolate Mousse($10.00) Passion Fruit Panna Cotta with Biscotti and Red Wine Raspberries($10.00)  All things meets standards but the niche doesn't exist to attract or differ it from any other Italian restaurants along this stretch of the College street.  I would say 1/2 the dishes really fulfilled my appetite and am so glad that I ordered the Lamb Shank otherwise I would be cranky, but as you can see it came with a price-tag to match.  2.5'd~pasta. salad ( tomato carrot lamb caramel passion fruit lamb 
I am not a science person... the last time I was doing any chemistry was in high school. I am little confused?? or I am really confused? I saw on TV about molecular cooking, should I expect something like this at LAB?   I was excited to see the Prix Fixe Menu for $30 offers on Sun, Tue and Wed and it is a great value.   But strangely the choices are mainly vegetarian aside from one of the main: Pappardelle all Bolognese. So I ended up being a vegetarian for this meal   Parmesan Potato Croquettes - A-OK, the tomato chutney was quite good  Carrot Risotto -urgh, I hated this!!  Chocolate Budino with Salt Carmel Choclate - excellent   Luckily I got to try everything else that my dinner mates ordered. Maybe the saying of other people's food always tasted better is true. I like   Long Bean Salad - Excellent, I like how they still kind of crunchy  Warm Frisee Salad - hmmm, not too memorable  Eggplant Tapenade - Meh   Papardelle alla Bolgnese - A-OK, fresh pasta with tons of meat in the sauce  Trout with Fagiolli Cannellini and Tomato Caviar - Good, the tomato caviar is the only neat thing for the whole evening  Lamb Shank - Good, it is kind of smallish for the $25 they charging  Passion Fruit Panna Cotta - Meh   I would have given LAB a 2 star if I came on a day without the Prix Fix Menu. But what I heard they are revamping the menu soon.   Maybe LAB is just refers to the decor and the presentation of little things to make everything a laboratory feel and nothing to do with the food?? I am still confused!!~potato tomato carrot salad - salad - pasta tomato tomato lamb passion fruit 
I had high expectations coming to this restaurant and I was a little disappointment with my visit unfortunately. They have some interesting dishes, a great atmosphere and the service was top notch, however everything was way too expensive for my liking, which wouldn't be a huge problem if the servings were decent, but you're almost guaranteed to leave feeling hungry.  I was expecting a more veg-friendly restaurant as well. I had seen the chef compete (and win) in the Vegan Iron Chef competition held at the Toronto Vegetarian Food Fair prior to my visit so you'd think there would be some decent veggie options. Unfortunately only 1 of the 7 choices for mains were vegan, and only 2 were vegetarian. Granted I wouldn't expect any better from other restaurants, but it was sort of toted (by the chef himself) as a vegetarian restaurant, so you'd think they could add one more veg option to even it up.The menu supposedly changes constantly however so I hope this isn't always the case.  Now maybe I'm cheap, but to give you an example, my appetizer was pretty much just a slice of Romaine Lettuce for like $9. It was quite delicious mind you, but way too pricey for just a piece of Lettuce in my opinion. My main was around $20 and it was a bit of couscous, some mushrooms and some carrots. I mean, come on. Give me something to eat for $30!  I think they've definitely got some interesting stuff and some of it's quite tasty, but until I get an 80% off coupon, I don't think I'll be going back.~romaine lettuce lettuce couscous, mushrooms 
The problem with Little Italy is that there are so many restaurants here, yet there are so few that are actually decent. I'm so glad LAB didn't fall into that stereotype.   When I arrived around 6:30 on a Thursday, it was pretty empty. There were probably only two other tables taken. They have a tiny patio which contained maybe 2 two-tops.  After ordering, we were served some warm brown bread. It was a nice dense bread and we all really enjoyed this. We were also given a small bowl of spiced olives. But I'm not a huge fan of olives... my friend said he enjoyed them though.  After the server informed us that her favourite dish here was the Braised veal ravioli with house made ricotta ($19), three of us (out of 4) ended up ordering this. When it came, I felt a pang of regret since it didn't look very appetizing. The colour was quite dark and the ravioli was deconstructed (i.e. not stuffed). The square sheets of pasta just sat on top of the veal/ricotta mixture. Luckily the taste made up for its lack of appearance. The taste of the veal was delicious... extremely flavourful. I just wish it was actually stuffed inside the pasta. Nevertheless... a delicious dish!  My other friend ordered the Papardelle alla Bolognese ($18). The bolognese was made of veal and pork. I was quite impressed - it looked and tasted great. Another hit!  While the dishes we tried were delicious, the portions weren't very big. I don't always have the biggest appetite, but I finished this easily and still had room for dessert. Unfortunately, none of the desserts here caught my eye, so we went elsewhere.   Overall - a good experience. Great tasting pasta!~brown pasta pasta. pork. pasta! 
L.A.B. was on my short-list of places to try for quite some time and I finally got the chance to check it out this week.  The decor is refreshingly young & hip, especially when compared to the "same-same" type places that flood the rest of the Little Italy strip. There's not a lot of seating (a good thing, in my opinion) and they did have a very small front patio with 2 tables.  The menu is equally inventive. A few too many vegetarian options for my liking (where's the MEAT) but to be fair, it was about 50/50 on the menu so I should not complain. Vegetarians would be pleased to have options for a change.  L.A.B. offers a $30 prix fixe a few nights a week (Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday) but the selections were pretty limited (choice of two apps, two entrees and two desserts).  There were four of us and we managed to order quite a diverse selection. I tried the long bean salad ($10) for my appetizer and was happy with it - portion size was large, some of the other apps weren't. I had the pappardelle bolognese ($18) for my entree - thick fettucine noodles with both pork & veal added to the bolognese and a lot of fresh tomatoes. Again, portion size was was good and it was a tasty dish.  All food was presented very nicely, lots of pretty dishes coming out of the kitchen. The desserts also came out looking quite creative (passion fruit panna cotta and a chocolate pudding with salt caramel mousse). I'm not a big desserts person but didn't think these were especially worth the $10 price tag.  Service was excellent and the chef comes out to explain a little bit about the food before you eat.   I'd go back, top pick for College Street!~salad ( pork & passion fruit caramel 
My only disappointment is that I only just found about this restaurant this week.  I had the beet salad and the lobster and loved every bite.  The wine choices were great, the sevice was friendly and attentive. I thought the room was very comfortable and I would not hesitate to go back first chance I get.~beet salad 
I had the tasting menu -- the food is accessible to anyone, and there were a couple of big hit dishes for me: the steak tartar and the sous-vide lobster.  The vegetarian I was there with thought the vegetarian dishes were exceptional, which in retrospect is not surprising since I learned the owner is a vegetarian.  Strangely, the server didn't know anything about wine, but the pairings were great. Oh, they also have some of my favourite  Ontario beers on tap.  I hope to return.~steak 
This place was GREAT! so so different and wonderful! I honestly cannot write enough good things First, the food is so different and tasty We had the smoked tomato and mozzerela salad with the pliable oil and it was delicious! Great to share and local Ontario produce! Does it get much better? I had the steak and my boyfriend had the lamb meatballs. Again, so tasty and different. Full of flavour and I love the use of different Ontario produce. The desserts were AMAZING! I had the movie snacks and the Twizzler sauce.. WOW!  MY boyfriend had the mock apple pie! This was one of the coolest desserts ever!! The waiter was great, so personable and really made the evening wonderful Also, considering the unique food and how different it is, the prices are really quite fair. We had the 2 most expensive entrees and alcohol and the bill was around $100 for two! I will definitely be returning!! We both loved it~tomato salad steak lamb apple pie! 
Wow!  My boyfriend and I had dinner at LAB last night and had a great experience overall.  The place is so small that you feel like you're part of some exclusive food club but it still manages not to come across as snobby in any way.  Totally comfortable vibe despite the incredible stuff coming out of the kitchen.  We arrived around 8pm and it was very quiet, and because of the size of it I felt like everyone could hear my conversation, but it soon filled up and I got so distracted by my meal I didn't care.  I had the grilled romaine appetizer and my boyfriend had the corn spaetzle.  Both were SO good!  I couldn't believe how delicious grilled lettuce could be.  For our main course we had the lamb meatball and the bibimbap a la French.  We asked for wine suggestions to pair with our meal and they were spot on.  The service was totally personal and attentive, the presentation of the dishes was beautiful and each one tasted as good as it looked.  I would totally recommend this place for a date or dinner with a foodie friend.~romaine corn lettuce lamb date 
I had the privy of dining at L.A.B. for my birthday jubilation this year. I was pleasantly surprised and delighted with this restaurant.  The interior is very sophisticated and contemporary without being ostentatious.   The interior is comprised of exposed brick walls, interesting industrial light fixtures and stools, and a simple chic bar.  The menu is creative and complex.  I sampled the parmesan potato croquettes for an appetizer.  The texture was well balanced and the parmesan was not too overwhelming, allowing the potato is shine.  For dessert I tried the chocolate budino with salt caramel mousse.  This caused me to have a little foodgasm.  It was such a wonderful mélange of sweet and salty goodness.  The chef came out and inquired how we enjoyed our meal and spent some time speaking with us.  This was a lovely finish to our already fantastic experience.   Service was lovely and they were attentive to our needs throughout the course of our supper.  Prices are reasonable for the quality of food. They offer a $30 prix fixe on certain evenings. I look forward to my next dining experience at L.A.B.~potato potato caramel 
*3.5 stars*    I was taken here on the day of hearts and although the meal began with a bit of a shakey start (it took the lab folks a while to get us menus + waters), the rest of the meal and experience was a lot of fun. They try really hard here, but it didn't come off as pretentious or annoying because the staff seemed pretty sincere, friendly and passionate about their food. The molecular gastronomy dimension is intriguing, but wasn't always well-executed in my opinion (is this just a bandwagon/trend thing or will this be a lasting approach??) The decor is also a bit gimmicky with the LAB theme, but that being said, I actually really like it. Our bill was served in a test tube.   I ate:   Balsamic Sorbet Salad with Nasturtiums, Fennel, Basil, Olive, and Smoked Tomatoes (yes balsamic sorbet!! so yeah, creative idea, but kind of gross to eat)  Ricotta and Arugula Gnudi with Roquefort Butter, and Vincotto Gelee - very hearty and filling  Olive Oil Cake, Citrus Gelee, Berry Fool, and Triple Sec Glaze (also, special mention to my valentine's dessert: Chocolate Budino 2.0 - Chocolate Pot de Creme, Spiced Cookie Crumble, Tonka Bean Cream, and Pear) Both desserts were outstanding!! I kept on saying repetitively how nice my cake was for at least 5 minutes.   Note: The company of my valentine was 5 stars (of course!)  RIP- the memory of the good time we had there will live on!~salad fennel, olive, arugula butter, olive cake, pear) cake 
A very nice and interesting brunch with a limited (but tasty and inexpensive) selection of items with very poor service.   I had green eggs and ham (substituted for veggie sausage) and a rosti for 11$ or so.  Rosti was as good as they get and the green scrambled eggs (with parsley, I think) were prepared light and fluffy.   My DC ordered the apple stuffed french toast (which was a baguette). It was rich and heavy - more of a desert type breakfast than anything else.  Very small space- maybe 10 tables...but fortunately doesn't look very busy for brunch yet, so may be a good time to check it out.   Although the server was not busy, she took a very long time to take our orders and didn't check on our food, which isn't great. I think it was because I was wearing my NASCAR jacket.   Note: they only start serving at 11:30 on Saturdays and Sundays. A little late, man.~sausage) parsley, apple french toast ( 
I don't know how I can express this to the full extent I am hoping to but I'll give it a shot.  I think the "sandwich" I ordered, the "fat bastards meatloaf" something, Is quite possibly the WORST $10.99 I have spent in my 27 years on this planet.  I am in no way a picky eater and rarely criticize restaurants, but this shit is inexcusable.  My diet usually consists of pub type food, burgers, reubens etc, so I know my meatloaf sandwichs.  This folks, was no kind of meat I want to try again.  Not only did this poor excuse for a sandwich not taste anything like meatloaf, the meat had ZERO flavor and the consistency of soaking wet, undercooked cooked ground beef.  It was was absolutely terrible.  How hard to you have to try to fuck up a meatloaf sandwich?!!  The fucking fries weren't even good!  And the Guiness BBQ sauce tasted like ladies perfume, weird eh?  The beer even tasted weak, which I can't stand, and the place looks like a Fridays that's going out of business in an hour.  The only positive I found at Tilted Kilt was the waitress working the bar section.  She was built like a brick shithouse and kept leaning over to clean tables.  Short skirt + hot female + Purposefully leaning a to far over = 1/2 star.  Also, the TV's are very high quality and you have a good view from anywhere at the bar (another half star).  That's it.  And now that I think about it, that girl could have been 17 years old for all I know, kind of makes me feel like a creeper.  Please, for the health and safety of you intestinal tract, avoid this place at all costs.  If you are going to watch a game, maybe this is an ok stop to check out the young tail working there, but I would find somewhere else. Damn it, even after typing this I'm still pissed off!~sandwich" burgers, sandwich beef. sandwich? fries 
I was intrigued by the concept of an Irish Hooters, so I went.  The good: A) Their garlic fries (or whatever they're called) are tasty.   B) Admittedly, the trashy outfits are kind of cute.  The bad and ugly: A) Mixed drinks seemed to be watered down. B) The girls ("entertainers," as they're called) looked young enough to still be in high school, which was just gross. C) Our waitress seemed awfully pissed off about our being there, spending money.  We had a friend join us midway through our dinner & drinks.  She appeared 30 seconds after he arrived (and hadn't been able to look through the menu yet).  He told her that he needed a minute to decide.  She disappeared for at least 20 minutes and we had to flag down another waitress to go get her.  She came back and said, "What do you want?"  ....Classy.  Not really worth it, unless you want an outfit change from Hooters-orange.~garlic fries ( 
Where do you go when you want to date a doctor? Data Doctors!  No but actually they are really friendly and helpful.~date 
This is a really, really generic neighborhood sports bar. They have generic bar food, generic drinks, and generic drink specials. They have poker nights several nights a week that bring out... well, just the kind of crowd you expect at a neighborhood sports bar poker night.  The only reason I'm taking the effort to write this review is to mention their hot wings. They used to have an "atomic" wing challenge, where you would sign a liability waiver then have to eat a dozen extremely hot wings. If you could eat all of them you would receive a shirt and your picture on the wall. Last time I was in Sports Peppers all of the pictures were off the wall and the atomic wing challenge was gone, but I believe their hottest wings are still just as spicy.  Since the wings still exist and I did their old atomic wing challenge, let me explain to you how hot the wings were for anyone crazy like me who wants to test their manhood. Let me say beforehand that I can eat a ton of spicy foods. Suicide wings at most every place around town are not a problem to eat. They are enjoyable and do not resemble a challenge or anything too spicy. I figured this "challenge" would be easy. It was not.  When the plate arrived, the fumes launched a barbaric attack on my nose. I cringed knowing what I might be in for. But hey, any loser cook can make wings smell hot. Actually making them hot is something different. I took the first bite. No sweat. I made a sarcastic remark to my friends, thinking about how awesome I am, probably something along the lines of, "This shit is a joke. Too easy." Well, like most really hot foods, these wings take awhile before they really hit you. When they do hit, have some fucking milk nearby.   Sooner or later I finished all of the wings. I was victorious. Except for a couple of things. First of all, my mouth was numb. I drooled on myself a couple of times. My eyes were watering. When I got home, I lived in the bathroom for awhile and produced some utterly vile waste. To be honest, I don't think I ate wings for ~6 months after this challenge. This little sports bar taught me that I'm not the spicy food god I thought I was. You win, Sports Peppers.  Oh, to the guy who looks like Jesus and had the 1st place record for eating some absurd amount of these (100 maybe?): bravo, sir.~milk 
This place has just had a makeover while I'm not sure why it seemed to be packed all the time when there were sports on the various big tv's. This place is best known for their wall of Flame. LOL ok so they have a hot wing challenge. These arent just any wing's they call them "Atomic" made with habanero sauce mmmmm does that sound good or would you rather drink battery acid!!? So the challenge is to eat not a dozen but all 13 wings in one sitting. I dont remember if their was a time limit its possible there was. You must sign a waiver before you do this for liability reasons you must be in good health as well.   If you do all this (we've had 2 crazy friend's do it so far) you get a free shirt that says your a flamer, and you get your picture taken a copy goes up on "The Wall of Flame." YAY I would go here just to watch people do this very exciting!! They have other food and beer like a normal sports bar its worth going at least once to see what the deal is with those wings!   TIP: I saw one couple both do the challenge and they used forks to take the meat off the bone sntead of getting the sauce all over their lips and face. They were smart!! I'd do it like them if I ate wings!!~habanero 
Sports Pepper is a neighborhood sports bar with a variety of events weekly (poker tournaments, UFC Fights, DJs, etc.)  They offer up a full selection of spirits, a nice variety of food items, and a friendly staff.  The facility is clean and the prices are great.  My biggest gripe with Sports Pepper is that the food quality is very inconsistent.  The quality changes from night to night. Over the last several months, they are often out of items (the last few times it was the cottage cheese or buffalo shrimp.)   Last night I ordered the fajitas and a side salad. The fajitas were excellent....very very tasty.  The side salad was HORRIBLE.    You ask: "How can your ruin a side salad?"   I answer:  "Use old wilted and brown iceberg lettuce."  Really???  Were the lights out in the kitchen?  Did my server develop cataracts and not notice that nearly EVERY inch of my plate had brown wilted iceberg on it? I mean this stuff should have been thrown out LAST week.  I firmly believe the cooks are Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  Dr. Jekyll does a great job in the kitchen and I am a fan of his work.   The buffalo shrimp and fajitas are AWESOME.   But man-o-man do I hate it when Mr. Hyde is working...he forgets to keep the kitchen fully stocked and he can't even make a salad!~cheese shrimp. salad. salad salad? brown iceberg lettuce. brown iceberg shrimp salad! 
As a bit of a chili head, I have to say that I was very very excited about the atomic wing challenge here. Unfortunately, when we arrived we were informed that no such challenge existed anymore but they still have the wings. My coworkers and I excitedly ordered a round of the atomic wings and the wait began.  While waiting for our food, the surroundings finally started to set in. I had noticed a bit of an odor when we arrived but hadn't paid it much mind. As it increased in intensity, I didn't have much of a choice anymore. Apparently, lunchtime is the ideal time of day to pump the raw sewage out and it just happened to run right through the door right in front of me. Not a good start.  The food finally arrives. This is going to be what makes it all worth it. I smell my wings and there is a little bit of noticeable tang and a some jalapenos on top. I take a bite nervously. Sort of cold. No noticeable spice. At all. Soupy wing sauce that doesn't taste very good on top of wings that I'm pretty sure just came from the grocer's freezer and found their way into Sport Pepper's microwave. Death knell.  The service wasn't bad but wasn't impressive either. Overall, between the dingy, dark decor, the overpowering smell of raw sewage, and the absolutely lackluster food, I just don't see myself ever being able to justify coming back.  It's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to this, too.~sport 
Visited here for a brief moment as a friend had ordered food here.  Didn't look too inviting and the lighting is so dim and gives of a very uninviting vibe.    Tried a bit of the curry goat they ordered.  It was spicy enough with a lot of bone I must admit.  The peas and rice we okay, average.   The outside is painted in colors ever so tacky as well.~peas 
Omg Oxtale. Everything here was delicious. They have a bar , a takeout counter and a little section in the corner to eat in. They don't fuck around with the jerk chicken either.~chicken 
ok, so at the suggestion of Anandita N, I stopped in at Kay's place for a drink on the way home last Friday night, right before last call.  I rolled in by myself, the place was still hopping, grabbed a seat between a guy that was leaned back against the bar sleeping, and some native american old timer  who was about 3/4 of the way through what appeared to be a whiskey and coke served in a small 32oz plastic pitcher.  I could sense out of the corner of my eye that he was staring at me for what seemed like a good solid five minutes after I sat down.  I did not make eye contact.  The crowd was pretty ethnic if you will, I felt a bit uncomfortably white walking in there, but nobody seemed to mind or pay attention.  Seemed to be about half the crowd was folks from the reservation, rounded out by mexican, some black guys, samoan/polynesian even.  I was one of the handful of honkies there, which included on old biker dude, and two guys and a girl in their 20's or so.  Most everybody was relaxed and all smiles, just having a good time playing pool and socializing as an assortment of Nightranger tunes played on the jukebox.  The decor was indeed pretty divey, wood veneer paneling on the walls (is wood veneer paneling even manufactured anymore?), christmas lights strung about here and there, the standard dive bar issue string O' promotional flags.  The drop ceiling looked like it had been spraypainted christmas tree green.  The best part of the bar IMO was what appeared to be a "karaoke corner".  Imagine a corner wall mural of Monument Valley, done in the style of a black velvet Elvis painting, with glow in the dark neon colors.  And a coyote howling at the moon. Truly an enchanting sight.   As far as knife fights and the propensity for violence to break out at any second, I didn't pick up on that last night.  I was thirsty so I pretty much guzzled down my $3 Miller Chill without attempting to make any small talk.   Headed out the door, and that was that.~coke white 
It's food-court food.  Apparently some of them are chains (Subway, Quiznos, Basha, etc.)  The souvlaki I had was good, but then again, I've never had it.  Wish they had lamb.~lamb. 
Just had the gyro combo here. This is not Kronos (my favorite), that is for sure. The taste of the gyro was somewhat bland, as well as the taste of the fries (though they are steak fries, which is plus). Not too much of a garlic flavor, and the sauce tasted more like straight up yogurt. Would I eat here if I specifically wanted a gyro? Maybe, but there seems to be other options in the food court.~fries ( steak fries, garlic 
The Yero's at Kojax remind me more of the donair sandwiches from Halifax (don't crucify me for saying that) - but with the sweet garlic sauce, and the super compressed yero meat, it's a close comparassion that the city can offer.   When I think of Kojax - two things come to my mind. Their great garlic sauce, and their wedge fries. Kojax doesn't serve you normal fries, Instead to get these 1/2 inch fries that are nice and crispy.   Overall Kojax is a great fast food restaurant.~garlic garlic fries. fries, fries 
My bf works across the street at O'Reilly's and every time I'm there I can smell the food from across the street. (restaurant closes at 11pm)  This place has changed since the first review.  The staff here were so friendly and through with our orders.  I asked the bartender if they had Cherry Pepsi and they did not, BUT she was nice enough to offer to pour cherry flavor in the drink. (plus in my book, keeping the customer happy)  A casually dressed young guy asked us if we were ready to order, He was the cook. I was shocked.  I tried the Grilled Chicken Breast for $8 and change. My choice of side was the baked potato and I was again shocked how nice and through he was. He was very friendly and asked if I'd like green onion, bacon bits & cheese. I said to skip the onion and load it up please.  He sure did. I hate sour cream but what they used was actually sweeter than what I'm used to. It was really good!  They were both great people, the bartender was attentive.  This place was quiet at 5 in the afternoon and I loved the experience here! I haven't experienced this much service in a little bar like this is awhile. I think it is well worth the 5 stars. The women's room was gorgeous compared to other bars. Super clean too!  We left full and happy.  I liked the fact it's quiet with other locals.~cherry cherry chicken baked potato 
I came here for a retirement get-together. The place has a bar and a lots of seating (but watch out for some wobbly tables). Decor is lodge-like, if that makes any sense.  It was Happy Hour from 4-7 PM, and while they were slow at first in getting our food orders out, they got quicker. The appetizers were good. I tried the chicken fingers, and the chicken and cheese quesadillas. Plus, they were half off! Woohoo!  Employees and servers were nice. There are 2 pool tables here, but 1 is reserved for tournament play only.  This is a great place to host a small get-together. We had a lot of fun and there was just enough room for 25+ people. It was great. I would recommend this place.~appetizers chicken fingers, chicken cheese 
we stopped in here for breakfast while waiting for my car at Jiffy Lube across the street.  It was OK. Nothing great. It was us and another couple in there. There were quite a few patrons at the bar, but it is a separate area for the restaurant. All closed in with doors.  The food was nothing special. I had an omelet, it was on the small side, now do not get me wrong it was enough, I think we get so used to some places with their huge portions, when we see a regular portion it looks small. The potatoes were crispy but I wish the peppers were softer. BF had the pancakes and eggs, he said the pancakes were decent.  I thought we paid a little too much for what we had, 16.00 for the two of us.  The staff was very friendly.  Would I go back probably not. I would not make a special trip there.~pancakes pancakes 
We have been dining at Foothills lodge for years, in addition to bringing friends and family there too...This past weekend we went in for a dinner, and had the worst experience ever. It took the waiter 10 minutes before he approached our table, and he seemed to struggle to remember easy things like silverware, napkins, and our orders without writing them down. (We were the ONLY patrons in the dining area!)  I ordered the Fish n' Chips, which looked cooked on the outside but were frozen on the inside. Sent back the order and asked for the Chicken Fingers instead...as soon as I got that order I checked it, and sure enough they were raw and pink on the inside. At that point we asked for the check for my husband's food . The waiter couldn't even offer a decent apology for the mistakes-raw food is a BIG mistake...especially when you bring it out twice!! Disappointing because we really liked coming to Foothills.~chips, chicken fingers 
Took a gander at this bar during a late Friday night. Surprised it was so quiet but it's a neighborhood bar so I guess that's expected. They have great late night specials, low-priced drink/food specials. I HAD THE CHICKEN NACHOS- TOPPED W/the works! Yummy!!  The bartender was friendly, the seats were comfortable, music, plenty of seating, and a separate restaurant area. Overall I'd definitely come back again.~chicken 
A co-worker of mine and I went for lunch here last week.  As you step inside you will notice that the decor is warm and inviting, I really dig the lodge motif. I also appreciate that they have a non-smoking dining room.   Ah I might as well be honest, I am putting a lot of filler in my review here because I can't remember what I ordered that day. I remember I had a sandwich, but I really am drawing a blank here. (The food really left an impression on me. LOL)  Anyway not really too bad of a place, they just need to step up their game if they want to compete in this resturant category.~sandwich, 
The only word that comes to mind is "meh."  I came in here for a quick lunch while getting my brakes done across the street, and it was "just lunch."  Not much of a food menu. I had a chicken sandwich with bacon; it was fine. Just fine. The service was fine, the bar had a couple of regulars. Cute little place, but for all the options in this city, it's really not worth another look from me.~chicken sandwich bacon; 
Asian Taco Fusion Goodness... this stuff is down right amazing!  A couple of weeks ago I was doing some grocery shopping at the Gilbert Farmers Market when all of a sudden my nose picked up this amazing aroma of Asian and a hint of Mexican cuisine. I thought my senses where playing a trick on me until I arrived at Sunshine and Spice Food Truck! It was one of those days where my brain just couldn't make up its mind, so I asked one of the ladies what she would recommend for a first timer. She recommended their Asian Pork Tacos... Oh WoW... what an amazing combination of flavors!!!  This food is down right amazing and truthfully, I have no good way of describing it, you will just have to give it a try for yourself. JUST DO IT!  I'm looking forward to seeing them again soon!!!~taco pork tacos... 
The only thing I have had here were some bacon wrapped jalapenos with a cilantro lime cream, which were delicious.~bacon cilantro lime 
I was downtown doing some record a shopping at Revolver Records and killing time before a Suns game when I remembered that Phoestivus was going on at the Phoenix Public Market.  I had been meaning to make it down there, but due to my career choice of Wage Slave (not as glamorous as it sounds) I hadn't been able to make it out to Food Truck Friday.  Food trucks are so hot right now.  After perusing my choices of sustenance (BBQ, Hot Dogs, Po Boys) I found myself in front of a white and orange sparkly GMC.  It was the Sunshine & Spice truck.  I was intrigued with the options of stuffing rather traditional Asian fare into a burrito or taco.  The idea of teriyaki beef, or curry chicken in a California style burritos sparked my interest, but I settled in on a mushroom burrito, a pink lemonade, and apple pie wanton (oh, they joy).  The burrito was a decent size for the price, but it was when you started maowing on it that you discover that it is a hearty wrap of tummy stuffing awesome.  You know how sometimes you get a burrito that contains rice, that turns into a rice burrito?  Not the case here.  Plenty of killer to the proper amount of filler.  Speaking of filler, the mushrooms worked as flavor sponge for the soy marinade.  Tasty town.  The home made guacamole had a nice way of pulling it all together.  The wasabi sauce was really what drew me in to ordering the mushroom burrito in the first place.  It added a very interesting flavor that set it apart from anything in the burrito/wrap lineage that I have ever put inside me.  It was awesome... except for one bite where it kicked me straight in the sinuses.  If you have gotten a bonus glob of wasabi when eating sushi, you know how it will wake you up.  Woah.  Other than the one bite that went rogue, it was good gastro-times.  The pink lemonade was pink lemonade.  Wouldn't deserve a mention if the fiery redhead who took my order didn't ladle a few strawberries into my beverage.  Nothing makes you feel more like a man than fruit in your drink.  Now we come to the best part of my food ingestion experience.  Apple pie wontons with whipped cream.  There isn't anything that you can fry that I won't eat (I proved that on a sex tour of the orient a few years back).  If a crab wonton raped a McDonald's Apple Pie from the 80s (not this baked crap they have been trying to pass off), this would be the love child.  Evidently, Goldschlager would be the god father, because this baby sparkles.  No, literally.  There was gold sparkles on my dessert.  I felt so opulent.  It reminded me of a Chappelle show skit.  I told the aforementioned fiery red head that they needed to add a tagline to the apple pie wontons of "it'll make your dookie twinkle," but I fear she dismissed my genius marketing.~hot dogs, white burrito taco. beef, chicken burritos mushroom burrito, apple pie burrito burrito burrito? mushrooms mushroom burrito sushi, apple pie apple pie apple pie 
I first passed this place up while walking around the Melrose Street Festival today, but decided to check it out on the way back.. the menu is full of Asian fusion tacos, which is cool. they also had some teriyaki sliders and a cold noodle salad. I had already eaten, so just went for a coconut curry chicken taco and got the wife a $2 order of fresh made tortilla chips and Tika Onion dip, that was pretty good. The taco was pretty good, but the meat was a tad dry for my taste. I prefer chicken thigh, and I'm pretty sure this was breast. Overall it was good and the service was quick and pleasant. Not sure I'll search this one out, but I'd get another taco if I was at the food court again or happened upon it at some other festival.~tacos, salad. coconut chicken taco tortilla chips 
I have been out to try each food truck vendor that shows up at the Downtown Phoenix Market whether it be for the Wednesday evening market, the Friday Food Court or the Saturday market, they are pretty consistantly the same vendors.  However some show up more than others.  Well and I am not all that consistant as well so we keep missing each other.    Today I took a walk to the Friday Mobile Food Court.  And since I have tried almost everyone else there it was their turn.  I ordered the bacon wrapped stuffed jalapenos and their crab rangoon.  Yes this was my lunch.  I got some veggies, dairy, protein in...   The jalapenos were roasted sliced in half and each half was filled with a cilantro lime cream cheese and wrapped with a piece of bacon.  The crab rangoon tasted like the same cream cheese filling with crab in a wonton. Both were very tasty and the rangoon came with a home made citrus sweet and sour sauce  that was really good.   I like the touch of the girl taking your order and then placing it with the chef in the truck.  I would have liked to try their chicken curry burrito but it was sold out so obviously everyone else wanted to try it too.~bacon cilantro lime cheese bacon. cheese chicken burrito 
I had a burger and it was pretty good.~burger 
Sunshine and Spice was downtown at some 'To Do' for 12 news. I think Al Roker was supposed to be there, but decided not to show up at the last minute. Anyway you can't blame Sunshine and Spice for that, that wouldn't be reasonable. That was just Al Roker being too cool for school.   The gal that took our order was friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the curry chicken burrito. It included veggies, rice, curry chicken and some cucumber raita. It was tasty and held together well, which isn't what I would expect of a curry burrito. The raita made the burrito quite mellow and seemed rather healthy. I also had the potato/yam chips with onion and tika sauce, which comes on the side. The chips were good, but the tika sauce was great. I topped it off with an Arnold Palmer, which was  strawberry lemonade and mint green tea. Next time I will do one or the other.  I look forward to trying the teriyaki beef burrito con wasabi!  Oh, and take the time online to learn their "password of the day". I myself never did, and I feel I've paid a price for it.~chicken burrito 
I am absolutely in LOVE with the bacon wrapped jalapenos from here!  They have a cilantro lime cream on them (which wasn't what was on them last time I went...they said it had cayenne or something in it...not as good) and they tacos are great too.  They're not greasy..I'm usually not a big fan of tacos but these have rice and good meat on them.  The prices are reasonable and the staff is always so friendly.~bacon cilantro lime cayenne tacos tacos 
I'm so down with the coconut curry chicken burrito. I have had it several times now and look forward to it each week! Sometimes they skimp on the raita though. I think it's the perfect balance of chicken, rice, spice, crunch (cabbage), and cool! Definitely check them out if you can.~coconut chicken burrito 
The service here was horrible!!!! I go to order my food trying to make up my mind what I want & the girl taking my order was trying to rush me. Not only that she had a very bad attitude & got smart with me when I told her I asked for peach lemonade not regular... The drink was not even the same color on the poster, looked like regular lemonade. It just had chunks of peaches at the bottom of the drink, which I almost choked on since I wasn't expecting that. The guys preparing the food barely speak English so I had a hard time understanding what they were asking me. They served me my sandwich without my fries that I ordered. I noticed fries sitting on their counter & had to ask if they were mine. They just sat them there & didn't notify. I don't think I want to eat here again!~peach sandwich fries fries 
While the quality of food is what you would expect of a food court it is the employees that hurt the business most.  A cashier made the error of not ringing up our combo for the special and after sighing and exchanging glares with a fellow employee finally made the correction. This attitude was shared by fellow employees who snapped at us when we reached for our fries saying they weren't ours, they were.  Grumpy, snappy and seemingly annoyed by the customers theyre serving this was an uncomfortable visit for this customer. Will not be back.~fries 
Had no issue with service as other reviews have stated. The woman was polite and I got my Cheese Fries immediately. On the other hand, they tasted a little vinegary and we're not really worth the $3.20 I paid for them.~cheese fries 
Talk about the service being terrible!!  The mall was closing in about 30 minutes so I wanted to grab something to eat.  The manager was on his phone when I came up to the counter, so I waited.  He started talking to me while still on the phone.  He took my order while still on the phone.  I ordered a California chicken and it comes with ranch which was splattered all over the place.  I asked the manager where the napkins were, he pointed to the end of the counter.  I walked over there and there were no napkins.  I asked for a side of mayo and was told I had to pay 75 cents.  It is too bad that this location gives Charleys a bad name.~chicken 
Totally not the steak escape that used to be in the same spot. Very generic and poorly staffed. Don't think we will be back~steak 
Alright. So if you know me, you know I actually dont have the need to drive that much anymore, but when I do I make sure to fill up here at Kangaroo. The sign out front also says its Marathon gas. It is right past Red Rocket and I started going here because Red Rocket stopped selling lotto.  Glad I did! I don't go in to buy food/drinks very often, but they have all that good stuff as well as ice cream and an ATM, etc. The staff is typically so friendly and keep everything stocked.  They have about 16 pumps I think but during traffic time, try and avoid unless you have a few mins because since it is right at the state line, people like to fill up since the gas is about 40 cents cheaper than in Charlotte.~ice cream 
The cheapest gas in Charlotte, mostly because it's in Fort Mill and so has the lower South Carolina fuel taxes. Expect to save a quarter per gallon at least compared to anything north of here for 100 miles to where I-77 ends and merges with I-74 in Mount Airy, NC at the Virginia border. If you're low on gas, here's your stop.  This station is fully stocked with a Subway and the usual selection of Coke and Pepsi products plus cold beer (not for driving of course!), salty and sweet snacks to keep you humming along as your tires eat up the asphalt.  Welcome to South Carolina: Smiling faces and beautiful places.~coke 
I cannot believe how amazing this restaurant is! The owner was opening the door for me as I walked up, and was extremely personable and welcoming.  The restaurant is small and cozy, and the food was by far the best Italian I've had in any part of Arizona! Their spinach ravioli was to die for, their beverages are cold and refreshing, and the desserts...don't even get me started! I asked the owner what he would recommend for dessert so he brought me a canoli and a "brownoli", which is a brownie stuffed with canoli cream and dusted with powdered sugar. It is probably my new favorite treat on the planet!! I would definitely and will definitely visit this restaurant on a regular basis, as the owner was very kind (and hilarious), and the food was both reasonably priced and delicious!~spinach 
If you love Italian food, THIS is the place to go! The food speaks for itself, I could eat it everyday. From the salads to the sliders- OMG!!! I love the Eggplant Parmesan, I actually crave this food. The garlic knots are awesome and you kind of get a show out of the owner. His catch phrase- "hey- who's betta than you?" Nobody!"...  Great prices-, very, very reasonable!  The owner could easily charge so much more for the big taste you get out of this food. Italian food is my favorite so, I've been to so many.....I've been to the little hidden spots to  Italian restaurants that are "high end" and they're excellent- but you pay through the nose- -THIS food is so much better and ,as I stated above reasonably priced. Oh save room for the dessert...kind of like a brownie with cannoli "stuff"...EXCELLENT!!!~salads garlic 
I was visiting the Scottsdale Gun Club recently and decided to grab lunch afterwards. I ended up going to "Pasta-N-More" because it looked like a delicious local small business, the type of place I love to support. The outgoing owner instantly welcomed me into the restaurant, and his staff all treated me like a member of the family. I knew from the first moment when I walked in that I had found a new favorite weekly spot to get lunch! The prices were reasonable and the menu was massive.   I tried two items because I couldn't make up my mind, the sausage roll and the meatball sliders. The sausage roll was amazing; think of it like a new twist on the traditional calzone. The meatball sliders were equally mind-blowing, truly one of the best ideas I have ever heard of! If you like meatballs or sliders you have got to try these!   This place is one of the cleanest and friendliest small businesses I have been to in a very long time. I was honestly surprised to see how clean the tables and soda machines were. This is not common in restaurants these days! No one takes the time to do this anymore and it drives me crazy! This place will put any "supposedly" clean restaurant and soda fountain to shame! I guarantee it! This is one of my big pet peeves, and I always make a point to check the machines and tables out. Take a look for yourself and order some sliders while your there!~pasta- sausage sausage 
This place is fantastic!  You can't go wrong.   Owner seems like a great guy super friendly and thanks you for your business.  Chicken Parm sandwich best i have ever had.~chicken sandwich 
Bobby is back!  A different name but the same outstanding food!  The service and food is the best.  When you walk in you get the aroma of fresh garlic & Italian Food cooking and a huge greeting from Bobby!    I just don't know what to order when I'm there because everything is so delicious.  The chicken parm is one of my all time favorites.  Love the pasta & salads too!  Love, love, love this place!!!!!  PS try the garlic knots.~garlic & chicken pasta & salads garlic 
I tried this place after reading such rave reviews and was with expectations of finding a nice little hole in the wall Italian sandwich and pasta shop. Unfortunately I was very disappointed to find very generic and / or canned flavors in the sauces, portions to price ratio also a disappointment. I ordered a chicken parm sub and what I hit was a toasted nun with a scant amount of chicken, melted cheese, and generic marinara that I have eaten in several places. My wife orders the cheese ravioli with meatball and was equally disappointed. The ravioli tasted like generic Costco pasta, the meatball had no spices to flavor the meat, and the sauce was the same generic commercial stuff as well. I believe the owner took our order and he was very nice and accommodating. The problem is that a smiling face does not make up for mediocre food. Overall just a let down as I had anticipated more authentic flavors. By the way, the two portions mentioned and a soda for $19. Too much for a lunch style place considering small quantities and lack of authenticity. Not a repeat in my opinion.~sandwich pasta chicken chicken, cheese, cheese pasta, 
A wonderful new option for lunch in Scottsdale! I stopped in on their second day open and my experience was flawless. It was a Thursday and the special was Italian Beef with Au Jus. I had to try it. I ordered the half size for ($4.25) and it was plenty. It arrived piping hot with melted mozzarella on really great Italian bread. The Jus was the best I've had outside of my ma's kitchen and the sandwich was perfection. The beef was so tender with no bits of fat. The restaurant is small and clean. The owners are the real deal. They were making sure everything was just right.   I am so excited to have this wonderful option for lunch with a great price point ($4.25 - $9.95) and amazing food. They have daily specials that are awesome.~beef mozzarella sandwich beef 
I'm so glad there are more frozen yogurt bars near my area! Out of all the fro yo bars I've tried this is my new all-time fave. The reason Qoola didn't get full stars is because it is on the pricey side. For the five of us the total was $40+, which is about $8 per cup!  The employee helping us was very friendly and knowledgable. You can also read the nutritional facts of each flavour above the dispenser. This is great if you want to know what ingredients are used and how many calories are in a serving. The fro yo bar was very clean and had a contemporary look to it. They also have a long counter with bar stools for you to sit and enjoy your dessert.  They have some very unique flavours that I have never seen at any other fro yo bars. Today I got the lychee mandarin and mango flavours. The fro yo actually tasted fresh and were made with real ingredients! Additionally, all the fruit toppings were also fresh. A unique topping that I haven't come across until today are actually lychees.  Overall, this is my new go to spot for frozen yogurt! Since it's pricey I will go here occasionally.~frozen yogurt lychee mango frozen yogurt! 
Life can go on- this place rocks!!!  After a bad experience at Yeh (Lakeshore) Qoola totally lives up to what true Froyo should taste like! Thanks to Eva, I found this gem and made sure to give it a try upon immediate entry to Square One. First off, the place has only been open for about two weeks. Originated in Vancouver, who wouldn't want to support a Canadian business!   Employees offer samples to customers wanting to try flavours- some unique ones:  Lychee Green tea Mango Passionfruit Vanilla bean Chocolate Blood orange  I was hoping to get tart but there was none in sight so I got some vanilla bean instead.  One standout from all the other Froyo providers out there- offerings: Organic milk- local farmers Organic cage free eggs Cane sugar- none of that corn syrup crap Use greek yogurt NO POWDER MIX USED  Toppings typical fruit/candy with some standouts: Almond rocha Pumpkin granola Cantaloupe FLAX (ground flax seeds)- love ya Qoola! If I can sneak in some omega I will!   Toppings were filled to the brim with an employee designated for stocking the supply. When paying I asked for a membership card (sugar coma must be sustained), I was told that they ran out.  I asked if they will be offering tart as one of the flavours and was told that the flavours would be changing next week.  Future offerings will include: Sugar free  Lactose free  Only two locations in the GTA, Square One and York University with many more in Calgary and Vancouver.  I will definitely be back and hope that the tart flavour is equally as good as the vanilla bean. A rating of 5 stars is pending the taste of my all time love- tart!~lychee tea mango blood orange corn almond pumpkin 
So I'm not super big into frozen yogurt, but I do find it refreshing at times.   Likes: -Everything is organic -GMO free -The fruit toppings are very fresh and none of that frozen garbage.  The lychees and kiwi's were so fresh and absolutely delicious.  -Free samples.  Dislikes: -It's a bit more expensive than YoYo's at $0.65/oz vs. $0.55/oz.  While that doesn't seem like much, if you buy 10 oz, it's a $1.00 difference.  However, you get what you paid for.  Verdict: Good fro-yo place while you do your shopping in Square One.~frozen yogurt, 
1) Yogurt quality is good  2) Over priced by large gap vs pinkberry  3) Flavor selection is bad  4) I think they get flavor they like vs. Bringing flavours their customers like.  Tips: bring red valvet, sour apple, strawberry, regular mango etc...  Their green tea flavor is horrible   Customer service is good tho~apple, mango tea 
I am a huge fan of self-serve frozen yogurt places and I am so happy to have one in Square 1. Like other reviewers have mentioned, their yogurt is organic, GMO-free, and made from Canadian milk - what's not to love? On any given day, they offer 10 (I think) frozen yogurt flavours, which includes no-sugar-added options, and probably 40 different toppings (candy, fruit, mochi, nuts, sauces, etc.)  My mix of the day included the matcha green tea froyo topped with mini mochi, cheesecake, and pirouline wafers. The matcha flavour was quite mild, but present and pleasant.  The storefront is clean, bright, and super cute. The people are super friendly and welcoming. They are proactive in offering to let you sample any of the yogurts and helping you with toppings. I will definitely be back whenever I find myself at the mall... and maybe other times as well.~frozen yogurt milk - frozen yogurt tea 
Cashier:  That'll be $6.19, please. Me (thinking):  But this cup is only half-full and I didn't go crazy at the toppings bar.  And can't I buy an entire litre of ice cream for the same price at the grocery store??  Ok, these fro-yo places are incredibly terrible value.  I admit that as someone who watches her wallet carefully.  HOWEVER, I rarely buy full quarts of ice cream or go out for ice cream/gelato, so I consider it as an occasional treat.    Plus, as per mentioned, the ingredients are posted and the frozen yogurt is actually made of - get this - frozen yogurt, not a bunch of chemicals, including propylene glycol...which I accidentally saw on one of their competitor's ingredients.    So aside from the price, I have nothing to complain about!  Will look up whether or not they have some kinda loyalty program tho'.  ;)~ice cream ice cream frozen yogurt frozen yogurt, 
Oh yes. Organic yogurt.  Love the mango. Add coconut shavings and almonds ....a frozen treat that won't kill you is always good.~mango. coconut 
I needed dessert after eating at the food court and came across Qoola. I really like this fro-yo place! The girl serving us was very sweet and patient as we debated which flavour to get. Ended up getting the Mango Sorbet which was super delicious! The server gave us each a small card and told us if we guessed the price of our cup correctly, we'd get our fro-yo for free. We were both way off but didn't mind paying $7 for our yummy treat. She also told us on Tuesdays between 12-2, its fill your cup for $2.~mango 
It's takes a lot out of me to give a 5 star review! Was strolling around Sq1 and decided I needed a snack, and stumbled upon this place as it looked brand new..as I walked in I was greeted with a smile, and I looked slightly confused ..I got offered to try a sample of anything I wanted !  I'm not one of those frozen yogurt connoisseurs but wow, it's been nearly a month and a half and I'm still craving what I had   NY strawberry cheese cake..with real cheese cake chunks, fresh sweet strawberries..anything else you could imagine ! And those passion fruit jelly balls! Omg..wish I could buy a bucket of those to bring home!   I will be back !~frozen yogurt cheese cake.. cheese cake passion fruit 
Finally a self-serve frozen yogurt bar at Square One!  I got excited when I saw their green tea flavour. I had a sample, but unfortunately, it tastes nothing like green tea ice cream. I walked out with some mango-flavoured frozen yogurt topped with fresh blueberries, pineapple and mango bits, along with crushed Almond Roca. Mmm...and as always, I added a couple sour keys, too. The mango flavour was not too sweet. The fruits were very fresh, and there was a large variety of toppings - fruity, chocolatey, and nutty. I noticed they serve yogurt smoothies as well.  Besides the name, location, and the fact that both Qoola and Yogurty's are Canadian companies that use farm-fresh Canadian milk, I am not sure if there is a big difference between these two frozen yogurt bars. (Menchie's, on the other hand, is American.)~frozen yogurt tea tea ice cream. mango- frozen yogurt pineapple mango almond mango smoothies milk, frozen yogurt 
I was so excited to see this place pop up on square one. It seems like frozen yogurt places were all the rage in the US, while we patiently waited for something other than yogan fruz (?)  The flavors available were all pretty basic - nothing crazy. I'd love to see them introduce seasonal flavors like pumpkin spice in the fall (which they probably will come to think of it!). The ingredients are all listed and there's nothing sketchy to be found. Always a win in my books. The toppings bar was pretty extensive with beautiful looking fresh fruit, various chocolate goodies, candies, etc.  The prices are a little crazy. It was about $14 for me and my fiancé and neither of us went crazy with the yogurt or the toppings, but you get what you pay for!  Overall, I'd return but not frequently. I'm an ice cream lover at heart so that will always be my preferable choice! I do look forward to seeing some seasonal flavors though!!~frozen yogurt pumpkin ice cream 
I was travelling to Toronto last week and made a stop at Square One.. I'm from Toronto and spent a lot of time in California for school so I got to really know frozen yogurt during the surge in the early 2000's. I needed a yogurt fix during my shopping and since we already know Yogen Fruz is garbage and dated, I decided to try this new place called Qoola. It claimed to be all organic and the lady read my a laundry list of all the benefits which is fine, although I hope she know that pretty much all frozen yogurt can claim to be is healthier than ice cream - anything more than that is just salesmanship.  Long story short... this place does not measure up to the best... Toronto in general for some reason is missing the best fro-yo brands... For full service you absolutely can not beat PINKBERRY! I actually can't believe that it hasn't made its way to eastern Canada yet, but Im sure it will! For self serve... there is nothing better than Yogurtland... another brand that has not made its way to Canada. As much as I hate American brands some are just better!   Bottom line... skip this place and try some home grown until Pinkberry or Yogurtland arrives... then Mississauga and Toronto will be in for a real treat!   I had the cookies and cream at this location and it left a terrible after taste and almost felt like a film on my tongue after. PLUS its too expensive for not being a leader in the category like the aforementioned!~frozen yogurt frozen yogurt ice cream - cookies 
I only go here when I am craving a chicken stuffed Chile Relleno.  Let me tell you...IT IS ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER HAD!!!  Oh, I eat here at least every few months for the Chile Relleno.  :)  The last time I went to Z Tejas, I went to the patio with my sister where there were some flirts telling us how pretty we are.  If you like more of the social appeal, I would recommend the patio, but if you like more of a romantic or personal appeal, I would recommend eating inside the restaurant.~chicken 
Fashion Square Food Court has a good representation of all the usual suspects.  * Mexican food: Blue Burrito Grille.  Check! * Hamburgers: Five Guys.  Check! * Chinese Asian: Panda Express.  Check! * Upscale Café: Paradise Bakery.  Check! * Middle Eastern/Greek: Pita Jungle.  Check! * Japanese Asian: Sarku.  Check! * Pizza:  Sbarro.  Check! * Subs: Subway.  Check! * Diner food: Johnny Rockets.  Check!  I'm particularly fond of Johnny Rockets and Pita Jungle. They also have a few nearby Mall watering holes, such as:   * Kona Grill * Z Tejas Grill * Yard House * Modern Steak  They're all pretty good, depending on what you're in the mood for eating and what game is on their big HDTVs.  BTW, the Happy Hours at Z Tejas and Kona are very good!~burrito pizza steak 
Heavily influenced by local Hibs Football Club, this place is more for the lads than the lassies, and my boyfriend seemed to like it even though he's not a Hibs fan himself.  The bar is pretty nice inside, modern and traditional combined, and the front doors and windows open out into the pub so it's nice if there's a bit of sun.  The pints are about £3, spirits are a bit more, and they even do some nice pub grub, with three courses on a set menu coming in at under £9, with traditional meals like fish and chips. This seems like a pretty good place to go for a nice pint and a munch, nothing more, nothing less.~chips. 
This is the Barneys of pet boutiques.  On a recent visit I bought a quilted coat with a faux fur hood and a raincoat for my new puppy.  As for toys, they have a stuffed pizza that says "Wolfgang Pup", a "Dog Perignam" squeaky champagne bottle and a "Jimmy Chew" shoe.  For pet lovers who consider their pets as part of the family.  They also make great gift baskets.~pizza 
As a very protective dog mom, (yes, one of those!) I'd never felt totally comfortable leaving my furry child at any groom shop.  But that was before I found Posh Pet Boutique and SPAw and Yuri.  In Yuri's capable hands, Gizmo would come away looking like a million bucks and smiling like he'd just had a day at the spa...because he had. They truly treat their canine clients with care.   Gizmo, a full coated Pekingese, is quite a grooming hand full.  (For those of you unfamiliar with the breed, that's a LOT of hair, people!)  And he hates having his nails clipped, and when I say hates, I mean HATES, like insane screaming and biting like this was a matter of life or death.  Every groomer we'd ever had before had struggled just to get them clipped so when Yuri asked if I'd like him to Dremel his nails, I had to keep from laughing right in his face.  "There's no way in Hell you're getting that done," I thought to myself.  He told me they'd give me a call when Gizmo was finished.  I assumed it would be around 3-4 hours.  (Most groom shops had averaged about 4.)  Wrong, wrong, wrong. I was called in less than 3 hours. I promptly drove back to pick up my baby and was surprised to find he not only looked and smelled perfect, (not overly perfumed, just clean) Yuri had also successfully filed his nails down.  Wow!  I was floored.  Even harder to believe: Gizmo seemed genuinely happy!  Had they drugged him???  No, he seemed alert.  Totally normal, just... happy!  Serene even.  Yuri asked if he could give him a treat and Gizmo scarfed down the freeze dried beef liver (his favorite!) like it was candy... or, beef liver. :) Now, Gizmo was smiling (yes, he smiles) and so was his mommy.    Posh Pet and Yuri had a new, devoted client.  We returned many times and always experienced similar fantabulous care and results.   When we moved out of state, I can honestly say that I knew one of the things I'd miss the most was Gizmo's irreplaceable, miracle worker groomer.  Yuri and Posh Pet, we miss you!~beef beef 
Awesome experience. Came in for some exhaust work. During the time I was waiting the owner Mahi always made sure I was up to date with how much longer the exhaust work would be done. Even went as far as bringing me into the back and always made sure I wanted it exactly the way I wanted. The whole staff of CIA customs makes you feel at home as everyone is nice, courteous and respectful towards you. This is my main shop I will be going to now and that's saying something since I live 50 minutes up north. There's plenty of other shops around me I could go to but no other will shop has the customer service and quality work that CIA customs provides. They also have some really good deals they always offer if you follow them on Instagram. If I got rate 10 stars I would.~date 
Pizza was good and did not cost us an arm and a leg.  Only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because I have set up a pizza profile about 4 times and it never seems to be able to find it.  Also I had problems with the APP~pizza pizza 
driver didnt follow my instructions. instead of calling me when he arrives, he called me when he started at the store. i was waiting outside in the rain all time because its a delivery to business. when he arrived i gave him the money and told him that i am upset because the order instruction was clear. he gave me the money back and was driving away with the pizza~pizza 
I give this 3 stars because I have always had issues with this store. I think dominos is now too expensive and it is not as good as it used to be. The delivery takes longer then other restaurants in this area and the quality of the food is not that great. Phone manners can be worked on and only order using the website (which is pretty cool). Bring back the Dominos Pizza that we had on the 80's.~pizza 
By far the best customer service to date I have experienced in years. This retail store needs to recoginze the lady who helped me on January 30, 2011. I went in to purchase a power surge for my new big screen television. She walked me over to the items they had on sale and helped me select the best product for my unit. I had a few other questions on products I was unsure what to buy. She told me what I needed and showed me the items in the store that would work best for me. I carried a friendly conversation with her as she was very pleasant to talk to. I am impressed on the amount of knowledge she had on the products they offered. I am clueless on anything related to technologies so all her help was truly appreciated.~date 
My cousins/friends and I were walking around Planet Hollywood when a guy asked us if we wanted to earn $10. We were uninterested at first, but we had time to kill before our check-in.  The guy told us we had to preview a new show (Skunk Whisperer) and fill out a survey. This all took about 20-30 minutes. Afterwards, we went up to the window, told the guy our names, and were handed a check for $10. Legit!  The next day, my cousins and I were approached again to review something for $5, but this time, it was to test out different coffee creamers. We had time to kill before getting ready to go out AND I happened to be craving coffee, so yet again we got sucked in. 20 minutes of my time to earn $5 sounds a bit pathetic but hey! We're in Vegas and usually I lose much more than that on a slot machine! Also, I got free coffee =P~coffee coffee, coffee 
Anytime we are in the PH mall we will swing by to see what they have. there is usually someone out front looking for volunteers. they sign you up and you head up the stairs (or elevator) where they have a bunch of little rooms where you watch or sample shows or products. we have done several previews most often we get to watch a couple episodes of a tv show (spike, discovery, tlc networks) you answer a few questions after and they send you on your way with $10. we have seen several of the previews actually make it to tv. a few years ago we were in a focus group for shorty's rescue (pit boss.) that one paid $100. My most favorite....beer tasting. You heard right. They put us in a room and served us eight glasses of ice cold beer. (i think the one we were testing was number two) We watched some ad promos and gave our personal likes and dislikes. then they brought in a beer. we answered a bunch of quesitons while the computer walked us through tasting and judging. the beers were ice cold and tasty. when you finish one they bring you another. when i finished number three (after about 10 minutes) i realized i had 5 more to go...yikers. they gave us crackers and bottled water to cleanse the palete. anyway after finishing eight beers we collected our $80, a gift card and staggered down to the mall. With eight beers down i found myself slightly buzzed....okay fairly drunk. we cruised around the mall, grabbed a burger at cheeseburger and  wondered over the bridge to bellagio to marvel at the shooting water. we had good time, picked up a little cash and hopefully they got some good opinions (at least on the first 3 or 4.)~burger 
It's a 7/11 which is pretty generic convenience store but the staff here is fantastic.  I stop in quite often and they are courteous, plus if they have any specials going on (especially with anything that includes coffee) they let me know to get the best value.  I often get coffee for my office and if there is a specific type of coffee that is empty, the staff has always made me a fresh pot.  Great service and the gas prices are generally lower then most places are in area.~coffee) coffee coffee 
Had a delicious and inventive lunch here, creamy parsnip and apple soup was melt in the mouth. The pumpkin gnocchi that followed was rich but tempered with the inclusion of apple and chestnuts. Serving staff were polite and attentive. Window seats gave us a view onto Raeburn Place to watch the world go by. Decor understated with signature half animal artworks on the walls.~parsnip apple pumpkin apple 
Had a lovely welcome home/Xmas eve dinner here with the OH. We both opted for the roast Scottish scallops with piccalilli cauliflower & pork belly for starter. The scallops were cooked perfectly & it's a dish I'd happily eat again.   For main I had a fillet steak (medium) with peppercorn sauce & the OH had the 60 day aged sirloin (medium rare) with a blue cheese butter. We shared the mash & honey glazed carrots as sides. His steak was very salty; maybe it was the butter sauce but we both preferred my fillet to his sirloin.   There were some other interesting choices on the menu, the venison loin sounded good.   The service was faultless even once the restaurant filled up. It's obviously popular and a welcome replacement for the buffalo grill.   A solid 4 stars & we'd definitely return to sample more of the menu.~cauliflower & pork steak ( cheese butter. honey steak butter 
I've been in a BB&B 3 times in my life. I've never enjoyed it.   Maybe it's the merchandise piled to the ceiling, but I feel trapped, claustrophobic and like a lost 3 year old here. I can't seem to make sense of where things are, whether they're piled next to similar items or if there are multiples of what I'm looking at. It's like my brain and eyes turn into soup and I can't make sense of any of it.   Everyone here has a crazed look in their eyes. Now, I'm a bargain hunter and coupon lover, but I don't think anyone ever gets this way about any other coupons or stores. The look just says, "Watch out because I'm gonna get this ridiculous as seen on TV item ridiculously cheap and use it once and if you get in my way of purchasing this item today, I will eat your fingers off and clean the mess up with the fluffy bath towels, steam cleaner and Febreze that are next to this specialty salted-bacon-rose hip-caramel chocolate that I will have for dessert. AND IF I MISPLACE MY COUPON ALONG THE WAY, SO HELP ME GOD, YOU'RE LOSING YOUR WHOLE HANDS." Seriously, a lady said that to me with her eyes once. I just can't handle being here.   I don't ever want to come back. I'll order online if needed, but there is no way I'm coming back to this store.~bacon- caramel 
I like this store, it has everything you need and a bunch of stuff you don't.  The thing I hate are the freaking coupons.  They need to decide whether they expire on the date or not - everytime I come in the cashiers tell me something different!!~date 
Hooray for another place in Madison that satisfies my love of French cuisine!!  I ate at Cocoliquot with a group of 6 friends.  It was perfect for us!  We each ordered a couple of the "little plate" dishes and passed them around.  Basically this amounted to us trying almost everything on the menu.  The whole philosophy of the restaurant is small, appetizer-sized plates, which I like because you can try so many things!  Prices range from $4 for a tiny cheese platter to $12 for foie gras.  Even though I don't feel like I ate a lot, I was definitely filled up...that's the beauty of French food.  I'd recommend the chevre (I'm obsessed) and the mussels.  It was about $20 per person including tip for two items and a dessert per person.  I would recommend this for a large group of people or a romantic date where you don't mind using your fingers or feeding each other!  5 Stars.~cheese date 
Downtown Madison is undergoing a bit of a revamp as of late.  New luxury condos are popping up all over the place and once dives are bought up and turned into swanky bistros.  Cocoliquot is one of those places.     Located on the first floor of a new condo building, Cocoliquot serves admittedly tasty french cuisine and cocktails (pleasantly surprised by my peach manhattan) in a fashionably dark decor.  However, I can't jump on board with this type of dining.  Dainty plates of cheese and handmade chocolates, while nice, aren't exactly what I'm looking for a Friday night.    But neither is $500K condo.~peach cheese 
This is a French wannabe restaurant, but oh well, it tries hard. It's like if an ordinary Peter changed his name to "Pierre," put on a berret, but forgot to fake the French accent.  If this review sounds snobby, it's because I've been spoiled by bona fide New Orleans restaurants for years.   Let me start with the good, first though: The banana chocolate dessert bursted with flavor, and their cinnamon donuts were to die for. To give the restaurant credit, they also had a lovely, fresh chive cream cheese you can tell they made from scratch on the premises. But the waitress looked at my aunt like she had just asked to "peel her a grape" when she asked the bagels be cut into quarter sized pieces. Ha ha ha.  When I ordered a Croque Monssieur, it came with a white sauce that it "said" was bechamel, but come on: it's supposed to be more off-white and not be so bland.  My aunt made fun of the fact it was not on a french sort of toast but on white bread. Tacky. Perhaps Wonder? ;) Le sigh. Can you really be ALL that discerning about Parisian cuisine when you are in the land of beer and brats?~banana cheese white white white 
People, people...  If you want french cuisine, go to Nadias (or, gulp, L'etoile - even if L'etoile and I have a hate-love-hate relationship that inhibits me from even writing the review).  If you want DELECTABLE desserts, full of sugary goodness that makes you thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster (or whatever your Deity may be ;) for Chocolate then THIS is the place.   Hell, this is the one place I'm VERY content in letting the Chef decide for me (I once dumped a guy for trying to order, what am I, 5 in the 1950's?), and I contently tell him "Give me the Tasting Delight".  I swear EVERY TIME 'dang, I should just order this for me', after saying to the table 'Oh don't worry, we can share".  And everytime at the end, I"m glad because for some odd reason, 5 sushi like desserts are a TON, and easily eaten by 3 people.  But, in the grand tradition of french cuisine, the FLAVOUR is so bright and bursting, you only need one tiny bite to feel COMPLETELY satisfied with the taste and the texture and the flavour of the dessert.  And the chocolates.... WOOOOOOOAAAH the chocolates....   Passion fruit vainilla...... Chocolate Cardamon... Hazelnut... Macademia Nut... Pine nut.. (Ok, that's Christopher Guest's Best In Show channeling)... One tiny bite is SERIOUSLY orgasmic.    I highly recommend going to dinner somewhere else, and going here for desserts.  Because frankly, everything "washed down" with a Ma vie en Rose (Pink Wine, Orange Liquor and Bubbly) makes you feel as giddy and happy as the first time you strolled down the Champs Elysees watching the Eiffel Tower....  THE ONE COMPLAINT I WILL HAVE (YES I'm SCREAMING) is their !@#$#@#!#@#@$ no Saturday brunch, but Sunday brunch.  COME ON.. Saturday is also a day that people need food.  ESPECIALLY now in the summer, after a long arduous walk around the Farmer's market.  DO YOU KNOW how much pushing I had to do so to evade the masses of strollers in the square????!!!!   *****  UPDATE  ******* If you go just before the kitchen closes (at 10:00pm) and order a plate of fries (Super Moe tradition) they will hook you up and give you a bucket's worth.  I'm serious.  However, their fries are not the salty goodness that I expect from this food category.  I mean, they were hot, the aioli served was pretty good, but frankly, I'd rather the fries at McD's.... Again, reaching the conclusion that Cocoliquot is THE dessert place... Nothing else... ******* END OF UPDATE********~spaghetti sushi passion fruit fries ( fries fries 
I haven't been here for dinner yet (I'm still working on that) but I have been here for brunch twice.    The first time we sat outside on the patio.  It was nice and relaxing but a little too windy (we had to hold our mimosas (yum) tightly on the table for fear they would go flying into our neighboring table - next time I'll bring my crazy glue).  We had the asparagus frittata with Gruyere cheese with a salad and cinnamon donut as a side, the Croquet Monsieur (ham & cheese sandwich with egg) with salad and a side of their Bacon Bread Pudding.  All very yummy.  They serve small portions which is great (for me) but if you're looking for a hefty brunch this is not the place to go.    The second time we came for brunch we sat inside by the window and had the Poached Eggs Smoked Trout Casserole and the Pan Perdu (french toast) with rhubarb, orange & creme fraiche compote with a side of the Bacon Bread Pudding.  All very good, but I didn't finish the bread pudding since I already had my fill of the french toast.  I wish they would have had a choice of fruit on their "sides" menu.    On to the chocolate: like little pieces of beautiful art served and displayed on a cool slab of marble.  Fresh and delicious!~asparagus cheese salad cheese sandwich 
Peanut butter! Give me all the peanut butter!  Meaning, if it has peanut butter in it, and it's at Malley's, it's probably what dreams are made of. The peanut butter cups, buckeyes, brittle and fudge are highly addictive. Seasonally, the chocolate covered strawberries and grapes are to die for and are the perfect present for anyone on any occasion.  Maybe I have a soft spot for Malley's because my grandpa used to shop there, but that's just its homegrown feel. While the store itself is inside a strip mall, don't be deceived! Malley's has been in Cleveland since 1935, and they pride themselves on their local roots, which I can absolutely get down with.   If you have a sweet tooth, sign up for their mailing list, the CHOC club. They do the typical coupons and rewards, but they also randomly give out $500 a month. Isn't that the dream, being paid to eat chocolate? Sounds good to me.~butter! butter! butter butter grapes 
Ok.  I was in for a chocolate fix.  Got a milk chocolate covered Oreo and a dark chocolate bar.  The Oreo was amazing  and hit the spot.  I was disappointed in the lack of flavor in the dark chocolate bar.  It had little bitterness to it that dark chocolate typically does.   There are better options at target.~milk 
The map location for this is slightly wrong as it's on the opposite side of the street by a bus stop.    Anyway, a really handy local hardware and all sorts of other randomly handy things store at a very low price. Great value for money and loads of useful things from cheese graters, garlic crushers, through cotton socks, hats and gloves to lamp shades, shower curtains etc. A must for any student or anyone on a low budget.~cheese garlic 
Sub-par wares.  I bought a cheap USB car charger from A & A Traders for a short road trip. The build quality was shoddy and it didn't work with my iPhone 5. Very inconvenient.  When I went to return it, they put up a fight, telling me that USB isn't a standard (?!?!), that USB chargers have to be used with the cables they come with, that Apple cables and phones are non-standard, etc. etc. After a while they did return my money but I wouldn't trust anything else they sell there.~apple 
While in Tempe I was unable to get dinner so had to go out of my Hotel and look for something to eat. I was willing to settle for Taco Bell or Jack in the box when I passed by Gusto's Pizza on West University. Service was friendly and prompt. Prices are very reasonable. The food quality was very good. I ordered the XL (16" pie) Deluxe Pepperoni pizza, and check this out, for $9.99 (regular price 14.99) and it was loaded! Also ordered the Princess Pasta with Sausage for $6.00 and a Caesar salad for $4.99. The pasta was very good and large portion. Caesar was good as well. Yes this is a hole in the wall, but I Highly Recommend you try.~taco bell pizza pie) pepperoni pizza 
Excellent bargain pizza -- see their website for cheap deals.  Their pizza was quite good, but their crust left a lot to be desired. It was very chewy and bland. But overall, it outclasses the usual chains.   The cheesy bread was alright, but not worth ordering again -- needed more garlic and cheese. But it was quite cheap -- $4.99 for basically a 12" pizza with no sauce or toppings.  Delivery was about average (40 minutes) and the delivery-person was very amiable.~pizza pizza garlic cheese. pizza 
I don't know what it is about their cheese, but it taste as fresh as any i've had on a pizza. The hot wings come in their own sauce which is also one of a kind. For the price and the fact it doesn't taste like every other pizza out there.... definitely worth having again. Crust is a bit lame, wish you could throw a Hungry Howie's or Pizza Hut crust on their pies.... but its still good pizza no matter how you slice it.~cheese, pizza pizza pizza pizza 
This place is a regular for us when me and my family are craving some amazing South Indian food. I almost always order the Chicken 65 and the Rava Dosa. They are both my favorites. The buffet is also good because they offer a huge variety of food. It will always stay as a regular for us.~chicken 
When I was in AZ, we used to go there at least once a week for lunch buffet. It's very spacious with lots of seating. At times it does get packed. I am so regular that the owner n family knows me and ask me when I stopped going for a while.  Their buffet had lots of variety of food from almost all over India. I think taste was pretty decent. Their buffet menu is pretty big, food  is tasty. Tandoori chicken is very tasty, I think they make it in actual tandoor. Every once in a while I get compliment dosa and maybe some Indian sweets. Their biryani is pretty good and so is their lamb and chicken curry dishes as well. I like their special mango custard they have for desert is a good desert. They even have papadam which is like a special S. Indian  papad which taste a little different from regular papad. I am big fan of Indian Achar (Pickle), and they have a very good achar  In short I think its a pretty decent place for a good mix of Indian dishes..~chicken biryani lamb chicken mango papad papad. 
Priya specializes in South Indian cuisine, which differs from most other Indian restaurants.  The food here is decent, but I think their buffet is not as good as what could be found at India Palace in Phoenix.  The best reason to come here is for their dosas, which are a South Indian specialty.  It's basically an Indian crepe made with lentil flour.  It is then folded stuffed with spiced mashed potatoes and peas and served with two or three kinds of sauces.~peas 
I absolutely adore this place! The food is very traditional, and is delicious. Their lunch buffet is a great deal, but usually I take the sit-down-and-order route. Their lamb korma is the best I've had to date, and their naan is delicious. Their daal leave something to be desired, but I am not a big fan of daal to begin with, so don't take my word for it. Their raita, on the other hand, is ambrosial. I would highly recommend Priya for lunch or dinner. The only drawback is that the service can be just a little cold at times.~lamb date, 
I had my lunch buffet today.I wud like 2 say wht in the wrld does people who write reviews knw about south indian food.I saw the best n home made varieties in priya which tasted awesm.Their specialities r hyderabadi chicken biryani n chilli chicken leavin the home made varieties alone 4 others 2 praise.I love the fud.It was amazing.I don't knw hw the fud used 2 b in 2008 and 2009 here as i have seen some bad reviews on priya.Bt the fud being served now is awesome and amazing and their service is a warm welcome with sweet smiles.~chicken biryani chicken 
Pleasantly surprised by the buffet. In addition to the more standard type Indian entrees you will find (korma, tandoori chicken), they had a few Southern Indian foods in the buffet.  Each dish was very flavorful, and I liked that they weren't afraid to kick up the spice level on the dishes.  The buffet for lunch is $8.99 and they do have a dinner buffet on the weekend for 12 or 13 dollars I believe.  The owner was very friendly and I will definitely like to come here again for more Indian food.~chicken) 
The Good:  Food was excellent and the service was quick (to fill my water as it was lunch buffet). This place would be packed if it were in Seattle where I'm from. As it was, I was one of two patrons. I enjoyed the minced lamb in spices; it was quite good! So was the Naan and other dishes.   The Bad:  I'm not sure what was going on, but the service was not very friendly. I engaged the waiter a couple times indicating that I liked the food but he didn't seem to care about my opinion. Can't decide if it was language barrier or what.   The Ugly:  The bathroom. It didn't seem diseased, but the tile was worn, the walls were ugly, and the toilet seemed like it came from a manufactured home. The mirror looked like a half-assed attempt at upscaling it, but they blew it.~lamb 
I've been here a few times and its decent food. There is nothing special about this place that makes me want to specifically go back. Although, if someone is holding a party or special occasion here I doubt I would avoid this place.  I've never been here just for lunch or dinner, so that may effect my review. Although, I've eaten this food on multiple occasions for events at the restaurant. Its good Indian food, and you can never say no to good Indian food. It just wasn't spectacular. I would give most Indian food places 5-stars if the quality of the meat they used was better and if the quality of everything they use is just better. The salads weren't green, the meat in the korma and tikka was very small. It just felt like they were cheaping out on us.  Desserts weren't really special either. If you give me gulab jamun or some jelebi, I am a sucker for that stuff. Theirs was decent, but there wasn't much of it available. However, there really isn't much better stuff in AZ in this vicinity. I'd say India Gate is a little better, maybe try that place out first.~salads 
Best option for Indian food in the Valley...had the Biryani which was delicious, and came with a ton of meat for a decent price...not to mention some excellent sauces. I hear the buffet is the way-to-go, but have yet to try it.~biryani 
Priya, I don't want to hurt you, but I give you two stars.   You know, it didn't have to be this way. But the flavors of your Hyderabadi biryani were strangely more than similar to a biryani paste I cooked with once upon a time back in my college days. And in that giant bowl of rice you gave me? Two hidden pieces of meat. That's it. Just because there's a hard-boiled egg on top doesn't mean I'm going to ignore the fact that your special goat biryani is missing...the frickin' goat!  Then there's the option of having the biryani as part of a thali. Now how does that make sense, Priya? Sambar and biryani, together? Between you and me, that's weird.   I'll excuse you for tarting yourself up with fake pink roses and blinking Christmas lights, but when your special dish isn't impressing me one iota, then I'm afraid you and I have some issues we need to work out.   Correction. You need to work out.  2 stars (since you probably didn't believe me when I told you the first time)~biryani biryani egg biryani biryani biryani, 
It was like a long dream come true. After much wait the search was complete and I can assure my friends from other states visiting me to have food at a decent indian restaurant in the valley. Though I have already spent 5 years in AZ spending first year to try out every indian restaurant in phoenix, tempe and mesa but somehow never came across Priya restaurant. After my cousin who is a frequent visitor to this place asked me to try it out I thought I will try it out on 1st jan 2011. I had 3 friends who are really choosy about Indian food. But Priya stood out to everyone's expectation. The menu consists of southindian and northindian food. i would rate the statndard of Sambar and chutney to be above other south indian restaurants in AZ. The buffet is so vast with 3 types of chicken, 4 kinds of rice including biriyani, vada, idly, rasam, green veg curries, cauliflower, orka brinjal and few other mouth watering dishes. Everything was delicious made to near perfection. The naan bread was soft and made with right amount of flour, soda and oil to make it soft even after it was cold. The dessert had carrot halwa and fruit salad which were more than just good. The andhra chicken was the ultimate dish they had and having this with naan reminded me of food on Indian Dhabas. When I asked the owner where did he get teh cook from he surprised me by saying her wife and kids cook it. I have every reason to believe it as per the taste comparing it with many indian restaurants where mexican chefs cook Indian food. If i ever think of Indian food, iw ill only think of Priya as long as I am in Phoenix.   If i rate this restaurant's food as 10 then the seccond one will come at a distant 6 may be.  Pros - variety of food items, Taste nearly matching pure indian food, Owner was good friendly and down to earth.12$ will fetch you more than 12 items Cons - tandori chicken was not upto mark but there are very few who can make actual tandoori chicken. if you are not indian and cant handle spices then may be you have to go easy on what you eat here.   All my feed back are based on my one time visit to this place.   Arindam~chicken, cauliflower, carrot salad chicken chicken chicken. 
Went to dinner at Indochine Grill on 26 Jun 09.  The food was ok but not worth the price.  The reason I gave this place 2 stars was because the service was terrible.  We walked in and there was no host/hostess for like 5 minutes to take our name down for a table.  After waiting for about 30 minutes, we got a table.  However, we did not get service for 20 minutes.  We flagged down the hostess who ended up being our waitress as well as the busgirl for other tables.  We ordered two appetizers but when our food came out, only one came.  They said they ran out of the other one 30 minutes prior but the table accross from us received that same appetizer as we were receiving our food.  They said they would comp our appetizer but when we received our bill, they not only charged us for the two appetizers we ordered (and which we only received one) they charged us for an additional appetizer.  In closing, I DO NOT recommend this place unless you want to pay a lot of money for mediocre food and terrible service.~appetizers appetizers 
Went for lunch.   Modern, asian-themed decor inside EpiCentre. We were seated immediately, not a big lunchtime crowd (it's a bit pricier than other EpiCentre places like Jason's Deli, 5 guys, etc.)   Started with grape-leave wrapped beef with dipping sauce. Very good - strong flavors but essentially comfort food. Had the Vietnamese salad with noodles and beef, excellent dish with a great fish-sauce dressing. My friend had a Vietnamese soup with noodles, also very good and filling.   Overall a good addition to the Uptown dining scene and a nice alternative to the chains. However, I think it is a bit pricey as an every day lunch place.~beef salad beef, 
Das Lokal macht von außen wie von innen einen modernen und guten und gepflegten Eindruck. Beim näheren Hinsehen aber könnte das eine oder andere besser sein (unsere Tischdecke hatte Flecken und hätte schon längst ausgewechselt werden müssen). Gefreut haben wir uns über den deutlich getrennten Raucher-/Nichtraucherbereich. Der Raucherraum im hinteren Bereich war deutlich grösser und darin waren viele Gäste jüngeren und mittleren Alters. Der Nichtraucherbereich vorne beim Eingang war bei unserem Eintreten noch leer und wir hatten freie Platzwahl.   Wir hatten an diesem Abend Lust, italienisch Essen zu gehen. Die Kellnerin, die sehr nett war, brachte uns die Karte und wir bestellten die Getränke und nach kurzem Blick auf die Vorspeisen der Speisekarte ein aufgeschnittenes Pizzabrot, was nicht auf der Karte stand. Da jedoch eine kleine Anzahl von Pizzen angeboten wurden, dachten wir nicht, dass es für eine italienische Küche eine Schwierigkeit darstellen würde, ein einfaches Pizzabrot mit Olivenöl und Knoblauch zu zaubern. Es war jedoch eine Schwierigkeit und die Kellnerin ließ uns von der Küche ausrichten, dass es genügend Vorspeisen auf der Karte gab, von welchen wir uns doch etwas aussuchen sollten. Damit hatten wir gar nicht gerechnet und ich ließ dem Chef durch seine Angestellte ausrichten, dass ich das sehr schwach für ein italienisches Restaurant hielt! Da ich sehr oft italienisch Essen gehe und selbst auch schon in Pizzerias gekellnert hatte, weiß ich sehr wohl, was Sonderwünsche sind und was nicht!   Die Speisekarte war für ein italienisches Restaurant sehr untypisch. Es standen keine 10 Pizzen und auch keine 10 Nudelgerichte zur Auswahl. Dafür aber einige Sorten Flammkuchen und weitere Fleischspeisen, die ich jedoch nicht weiter beachtet hatte, da ich darauf an diesem Abend keine Lust hatte.   Auf die Vorspeise verzichteten wir dann und als Hauptspeise wählte ich Pasta al forno. Ich fragte die Kellnerin, welche Pastasorten sie denn anbieten könnte. Sie pries Rigatoni an, womit ich einverstanden war. Doch auch dies stellte sich in der Küche als nicht Durchführbar heraus und ich wurde gefragt, ob ich auch mit Penne einverstanden sei. Diese Rückfrage hätte sich die Küche sparen können und ich fand sie völlig überflüssig, denn letztendlich liegt der Unterschied zwischen diesen beiden Nudelsorten nur darin, dass die Rigatoni gerade und die Penne schräg geschnitten sind. Ich ließ der Küche ausrichten, dass das kein Problem für mich wäre. Ohne diese überflüssige Rückfrage hätte sich die Küche ein weiteres negatives Auffallen wohl eher erspart. Meine Freundin hatte einen Flammkuchen gewählt, was für ein italienisches Restaurant wohl nicht ganz typisch ist.   Der Flammkuchen war laut meiner Freundin gut. Nichts besonderes, aber gut. Als mein Gericht gebracht wurde, wunderte nicht nur ich mich über das Aussehen. Der Käse, mit dem die Penne überbacken waren, mußte gesucht werden. Die Nudeln waren ohne mit der Soße verrührt zu werden nur in die Auflaufform gekippt worden und schmeckten nach Nichts. Außen waren diese mit einer seltsam aussehenden Soße aufgegossen worden. Eigentlich sollte es sich um eine Bolognesesoße handeln. Ich probierte und hatte außer einem einen seltsamen Geschmack noch ein Knirschen zwischen den Zähnen, so dass ich für mich beschloss, dieses Gericht zurück gehen zu lassen. Das war das erste Mal, dass ich ein Essen komplett zurück gegeben habe!!! Aber so etwas ist mir auch noch nie serviert worden. Die Kellnerin nahm das Gericht mit und kam mit der Frage zurück, ob ich mir vielleicht etwas anderes aussuchen wollte. Danke, ich war bedient! Eigentlich hatte ich erwartet, dass sich nun der Chef oder wenigstens sein Stellvertreter mal an unserem Tisch blicken lassen würde, um sich zu entschuldigen. Dies hielt aber niemand für nötig. Nachdem der Teller meiner Freundin abgeräumt wurde, kam die Kellnerin mit zwei Tellern Tiramisu zurück, die sie als Entschuldigungsgruß aus der Küche gebracht hätte. Ich lehnte dankend ab, denn ich hatte Hunger und wollte jetzt keinen Nachtisch haben. Die Kellnerin war über meine Ablehnung wohl so verdutzt, dass sie den Teller etwas laut vor mich auf den Tisch stellte. Der Teller blieb ganz und ich lehnte nochmals dankend ab. Meine Freundin wollte nicht auf die Tiramisu verzichten. Diese schmeckte sehr vorzüglich und sie ließ auch mich etwas davon probieren. Die Tiramisu war wirklich sehr lecker!   Inzwischen war es in unserem Nichtraucherbereich doch unangenehm kalt, denn die Eingangstüre stand noch immer offen und langsam machte sich die kalte Nachtluft breit. Eigentlich hätte eine der Servicekräfte dies von sich aus bemerken müssen, denn überlastet waren sie nicht. Doch auf unser Bitten hin haben sie dann nach einigen Minuten die Außentüren geschlossen.   Auf der Rechnung war das Nudelgericht von mir nicht drauf, was ich so auch in Ordnung fand. Allerdings haben wir uns dann für die extrem hohen Preise der Getränke gewundert. Eine große Cola und der...~pasta 
Eigentlich eher durchschnittliches Ambiente, war nur einmal zu Mittag da, Service war ok (war eher leer) und Essen war ok, auffallend grosse Portionen und wirklich erwähnenswert viele Garnelen auf der Pasta, sollte man beobachten :)~pasta, 
After a terrible experience last time, I gave them a second chance. ONLY because the other shop nearby had a long wait and they had no wait (I should have known better!!!). Again, it was horrible. I go mainly because the bottoms of my feet need a good scraping (cheese grater!) in the summer (I'm a barefoot girl). She did a half-assed job to the bottoms, barely touched my cuticles, and the polish job was atrocious.  Never, and I mean NEVER, will I return to this shop. They used to be good but they've fallen off. Total waste of time & money.~cheese 
Was on the hunt for something new to try. After watching too much travel channel I decided that I really wanted to try blood sausage and pirozhki. Gave up on finding pirozhki today because to many places were closed :(  I remembered this place was up the street and decided to give blood sausage one more try. To my surprise when I called they answered and had what I was looking for. This was way outside the scope of luck I seemed to be having today.  I took a quick drive up there. I walked in and was one or two customers in the very tiny but cool shop. The other customer spoke fluent German and there was mass native tongue flying all around me. Kinda cool but also made me feel very out of place.  The only gripe I really have was there were 3 people in the back smoking and chatting and one lady in the front talking and helping the other customer. I was in there for a good 10-15 minutes before someone in the back came to help me. Also bring cash unless you plan to spent at least $10 because they won't run a card for any less then that.  The lady was very nice and quickly got all I was looking for. Decided to grab some blutwurst(blood sauge) and some kasseler smoked pork chop. I've had kasseler before and figured at least I had some protein for lunch if I hated the blood sausage.  I quickly went home and grilled them both to a nice toasty temp. The pork chop was good. Nothing spectacular but its smoked pork.. it really can't be bad.  The blutwurst was.... AMAZING! This may now be one of my favorite tube shaped foods, as Bourdain would call it.  It had this amazing dark rich flavor followed by a strong flavor from the barely that was also in the sausage. Very earth.. very.. I would say blood like but I can't say with any certainty I've had another blood product before.~blood sausage 
Growing up with a German great-grandmother who was straight off the boat, my childhood did not lack the presence of sausages like Knackwurst and Bratwurst. As a child I always tried them, but did not like them. So, in the name of adult research I am starting my Phoenix 'culinaria germany' research at the Edelweiss Deli.  I have driven by this deli for 3 years now. Walking in I was surprised to see a small selection of ingredients like mustard, vinegars, huge jars of sauerkraut, egg noodles, etc. along the back wall. Behind the counter there were sausages of all kinds, slabs of bacon and a few gelatinous deli meats I was scared to try. There was also a few different dessert breads and some beautiful Streusels on display.  I stuck with the basics and decided on a simple lunch special of Knackwurst with German Potato Salad and Sauerkraut. As Sara K. mentions, it does says "Dieters Beware" on the door - so naturally the German potato salad and sauerkraut had smoked bacon in both. A little overwhelming for my dainty American palate so I had a few bites but that was enough. However, the Knackwurst was excellent had great flavor and went well with the Bavarian Style and Hot Mustard I purchased. Nicely priced at just under $7 the lunch specials came with the meat and sides and a roll.  I didn't have the uncomfortable experience some of the others did, and in fact, the sweetly accented German-American woman was very nice but meant serious business behind the counter. I can appreciate a delicatessen that is run by the real deal.  I will definitely be back to try more, purchase sausages and to further expand my knowledge and palate in addition to purchasing all mustard from european style delicatessens moving forward!~egg bacon potato salad 
Only popped in here briefly, but I can tell this place has the goods. I forgot how to find the Old Heidelberg German Bakery to replenish my German cupboard supplies, so I was at the mercy of my electronic navigator. It led me here. Cute little deli on the inside. Authentic German folks working there and frequenting there. Much chatter amongst regulars and workers.  Picked up a full liter of Maggi Würze seasoning (the imported European stuff, not the crap you find in American supermarkets) and some Salat Krönung. Took a quick gander at their homemade wurst selection which included, amongst many others, white bratwursts, but only the Nürnberger variety, not the Thüringer variety (I know, I'm awfully picky). But I will gladfully snarf down any bratwurst when the mood is right, so I'm almost certain I will be back to sample some of their beautiful emulsified sausages in the future. "Jawohl", that deli case is awfully tempting!~white 
I have been ordering their essential oils for a couple years and have been nothing but satisfied. Best prices I have found for many of the oils.   I recommend their essential oils, especially the tea tree and eucalyptus.~tea 
Owner operated business that's clean, modern, and professional. The wait room is nice and there is always coffee. The service is great and I trust them not to sell me on services I don't need.~coffee. 
Went there with a friend, everyone was friendly and it had a nice feel to it. Prices were dirt cheap as well. So why one star? The food. The pizza was really horrible, worse than school cafeteria pizza. Even the cheapest frozen pizza from the grocery store would be better. Plus when they wrapped the order to go they mashed tin foil down onto the pizza which may have been a favor since it took most the "cheese" with it when unwrapped.   I wouldn't ever go back, not even if the pizza was free.~pizza pizza pizza pizza cheese" pizza 
Thank goodness this place is finally open! Their pizza pies are very yummy and the people working inside were friendly and helpful. It is also very cheap. While I only had their pizza, they also offer salads and sandwiches. I can't wait to keep going back here. Yay two hippies!~pizza pizza salads 
A little out of the way, blink and you'll miss it kinda place but SO worth looking for and dropping by....Chef Bruno is this awesome french, fine dining chef who hung up his apron and traded it for some jeans and opened a Two Hippies franchise store. His recipes are all his own and come from his extensive travels all over the world- ask for his remoulade sauce- it is killer!   All the ingredients are fresh, he never uses frozen and you can taste the care and love he puts into each meal. The most shocking part is the price- you can get a giant slice (bascially half a 12" pizza) and a drink for $2.50! This is a true deal!!  On the corner of Indian School and 24th street (kitty corner from Walgreens) this is a place well worth putting on the "best kept secrets in central Phoenix" list! Thanks to Chef Bruno for wanting to make good food for not much money and just having fun!~pizza 
I really wanted to like this place, but their pizza is awful. It doesn't taste very good, and it looks worse than it tastes! I honestly could have made a better pizza at home.   Also, they don't have a menu online, which is an inconvenience. However, they are very friendly.~pizza pizza 
Whoo! First to review!  I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this Two Hippies location since it is right around the corner from my house. We NEED some new life in the businesses on this stretch of 24th, and I really hope these guys make it.   There's nothing not to like: great pizza with creative toppings (I highly recommend the Pesto Chicken and the Mediterranean pizzas!), crisp crust that is chewy on the inside, and the pizzas are obviously lovingly crafted. And they aren't dripping with grease!  The best part is you get a 12" pie for $7. It's a great deal. Visit Two Hippies and help get them off to a great start!  Bring cash, because they don't take cards (there is an ATM inside).   (OK, one teeny tiny complaint: there's no AC. That's not their fault, as the building doesn't seem to be equipped for it, but oh my goodness, it is going to get stifling in there...)~pizza chicken pie 
It's official... that is the worst pizza in town.  I believe if you sold pizza like this in some cities like NY or Chicago you would be shot in a firing line or arrested.  When you even look at their pizza you know something is wrong... it even looks bad!    Sorry guys... you have very friendly service but you DON'T know pizza.  go back to something you do well... get high.~pizza pizza pizza pizza 
Not just crap pizza but super crap pizza! Bland frozen dough, It's like if you decided to make pizza with stale crackers for crust. It is cheap but then it should be! Service is friendly though thus the two stars.~pizza pizza pizza 
Pretty good place, small and parking can be an issue in this small strip shopping center. I do like their burgers, would recommend no doubt!!~burgers, 
The produce here is pretty shoddy.  The carts are pretty old, dirty and broken.  Most of them don't even have chlid restraints.  We ended up using one without any and just watching our daughter. Aside from that, the rest of the place is pretty normal.  I ended up throwing the broccoli away though.  So that was annoying.  I dunno if it is a Montreal thing but it's weird to me to have a grocery store attached to a shopping mall lol.~broccoli 
Very average grocery store. They have a limited selection of items despite their size (no marble cheese?) and the fruits and veggies are mediocre at best. Design wise, it's one note, but the prices are generally average or better. Still, be a smart shopper - they're not all good prices.  One note though: when everyone started charging for plastic bags, IGA and others increased the quality of theirs. Super C did not. They suck.~cheese? 
Got the supreme pizza and wasn't impressed. It kind of tasted like a frozen pizza. We went in to order the pizza to go and their was no one at the counter for about 5 minutes...we almost left because of this. Then, while we waited for the pizza someone else came in to pick up their called in order and they waited 10 minutes at the counter until someone came out...bad service and mediocre pizza...won't return.~pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza 
When I was in college I considered that every class I started I had an "A".  It was mine to lose.  I walk into businesses with the same approach.  They have 5 stars.  Theirs to lose.  Cheap about serving water..."ding" down goes one star.  One of our cups was dirty.  Not a little - dirty.  It was on the bottom of the stack of cups we got, but still..."ding" there goes another one.  Plates.  Again, plate on the bottom was dirty.  Like greasy it had some food on it dirty..."ding" there goes another star.  Although this is a pizza place we didn't have any pizza.  We had wings (baked) which were average.  Good sauce.  We had cheese ravioli which was good and we had a Gyro pocket which was good.  What got under my skin here was the water.  Or lack of water.  We don't drink very much soda.  We generally drink water at restaurants, at least when we're not having DRINKS.  So we ask for water with our food which we are eating there.    "This is all we have for water."  Holding up a styrofoam cup just larger than a shot-glass.  Do you mean to tell me that you are going to punish me if I don't purchase a soda?  What was that sound?  Average food, dirty disposable service ware and cheap about the water?  "ding" down to one star.~pizza pizza cheese 
I wont go into the details of everything but basically we got a $20 cold pizza delivered 1 and a half hours after ordering and I wasn't happy with how they handled it.   Pizza was just "so-so".  Not sure if it would have been better warm or even hot, we didn't have a chance to try it that way.  Anyway, this was simply our experience.  Everyone has a bad day or bad service every now and then but unfortunately you can't "fix" management.  :-)~pizza pizza 
I really like this place and I agree with the some of the others that Benkovitz is better than Wholeys.  I had some business downtown yesterday and was lucky enough to be close to Benkovitz.  I usually stop in here on Saturdays.  They have an awesome prepared food section.  Some of my favorites are the lobster salad (great quality lobster and mayo).  I don't get it that often because it's a bit pricey. I think $28/lb.  But, a small container with a few crackers is the perfect lunch.  I hadn't been here in a while and I was happy to see that they've added more tables to the inside and they also have a few outside.  They primarily used to just have stands where you stood and ate standing up (which is fine also).  I don't really cook, so I can't speak to the prices or quality of the seafood that you can buy, but it certainly looks fresh and the staff is always helpful.  I'm pretty sure it's family run.  This place has been around for close to 100 years and I can remember going here for fish sandwiches when I was a kid with my dad.  They have great fish sandwiches, but it's not like the kind you get at other pittsburgh joints, meaning it's a reasonable size.  They have a good sushi counter, but surprisingly I've found in the past that they often don't have many of the items on the menu.  My mom also really likes the fried smelts (which are tiny fish that you eat whole (head and all)).  I like them as well with hot sauce.  I noticed yesterday that they now have a curried fish sandwich, which I definitely need to try on my next visit.  They make great soup here, but I suggest only ordering it if you get there early in the day.  I've had it towards closing time and it was like eating a bowl of glue.  Yesterday I was feeling a little worse for the wear after having maybe one or two martini's to many at Blue (which, btw I'd love to review, but it's not listed on this site.)  As an aside, check out blue in the NH great martinis!  And, Kim is the second best bartender in Pittsburgh.  Anyways... They had soft shelled crabs yesterday (guess they are in season).  So, I had a soft shell crab sandwich with plenty of hot sauce and horseradish.  It was the perfect remedy for how I was feeling from the night before.  I also had the clam strips which are a much better option than fries.  Really good lightly fried food with hot sauce and iced tea.  This may be the perfect next day meal after a night of too much fun.  I think the soft shell crabs are only in season for a few months, so go and check it out.  I believe it's $8.95 for the sandwich, which I think is pretty reasonable.  Sit outside and enjoy the people watching.~salad ( sushi sandwich, sandwich horseradish. fries. tea. sandwich, 
My favorite fish sandwich on planet earth. I go to Wholey's to buy fish, but to eat it, Benkovitz has been a staple in my house since the '70s.  I love the standing-room-only vibe, especially at the holidays. I love their soups. I just feel so "Pittsburgh" here. What a great family-owned business that makes amazing food and refuses to compromise. Remember when they had a stand in Three Rivers Stadium?   Those were the days.~sandwich 
Delicious fish sandwiches and a great selection of fresh fish.  Coke zero on tap.  Go here and get one.  Go now.  It's one of those religious day's you're supposed to eat fish anyway.  Oh wait they might be closed.   Yeh 4 stars since their hours are not the best.~coke 
Very small eating space in the middle of a small fish market.  Very friendly staff, gets very busy for lunch!  You may end up standing and eating! :)   I am in love with a fish? sandwich?  BEST fried fish sandwiches!  I am not usually a fish sandwich type, and this was very good. Very simple looking, but great bread, very fresh fish, good crunchy coating, nice, piping hot and flaky fish inside. No fishy aftertaste either. I used tartar sauce on mine....MMMMMMmmm.....I will never be able to eat a filet-o-fish again. :)  Fries were run of the mill, and room temperature. I will let this slide bc the fish sandwich was sooooo GOOOOD!   We also had the creamy crab chowder which was delicious! It doesn't look like much, and there isn't a lot of chunky goodness in it, but it sure does have a ton of chowder flavor and creaminess, without being so heavy and thick.  Nothing beats a hot bowl of soup when it's 10 degrees and snowing out either!   We also ordered the fried shrimp, and it was just okay, nothing special, could not compete with the sandwich.~sandwich? sandwich fries sandwich shrimp, sandwich. 
Benkovitz is like a seafood-based deli/grocery.  On the one hand, there's a cavernous display of fresh fish, soups, and seafood and mayo based salads (like cole slaw or potato), all to go, plus lots of unusual, jarred condiments (think chutneys, wasabi mayo, and lavender mustard), packaged foods, etc.  On the other hand, it also functions as a restaurant.  People come for their original fish sandwiches, and they cannot be beat.  Two big pieces of battered and fried white fish in a soft white bun.  Eating arrangements are a very small number of tables and chairs, along with stand-up counters.  Squeeze bottles contain tartar sauce (not positive, but it tastes homemade), malt vinegar, hot sauce, and lemon.    Their fries are OK, I usually go for the onion rings, since they seem to be getting increasingly difficult to find (and they're good, too).  They have other seafood sandwiches and also things like crab cakes and fried clam strips.  But the fried fish is really the thing to get.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it can be absolute chaos at lunchtime and on the weekends.  But I think that's part of the fun of the place.  And if eating while standing isn't your thing, everything they sell is available for take out.~salads ( potato) white white lemon. fries onion rings, 
Benkovitz is a small piece of happiness forever burned into my brain.   It was here that I learned that something as simple as breaded fish could be a delectable taste treat.  Go for the lunch rush but get there early ... get the fries and dose em in malt vinegar ... get the sandwich and no matter how you treat it you can guarantee it will be FANTASTIC.  The place is simple and fantastic.  Exactly as it should be.~fries sandwich 
Purely awesome for lunch, or a quick grab to eat. Heck, you can even buy some seafood from the plethora of fresh seafood they have on display for sale.    I came here for lunch on a Monday around noon and ordered their lenten dinner special. For $9.95 one, (and a very happy one, might I add,) receives their original fish sandwich, potato pancakes, cole slaw and a drink. This special is amazingly priced for all of the food you get.  Look to the fish sandwich. Believe in the fish sandwich. Love the fish sandwich.                                   .. The fish sandwich is key here and an absolute MUST.   Benkovitz original fish sandwich is the purest, most simple, tasting breaded fish sandwich in all of Pittsburgh. Its bread and two pieces of perfectly breaded fish. The fish doesn't fall apart as you eat it, its not greasy, and won't leave you feeling like slush after eating it.  It's perfect. Period~sandwich, potato pancakes 
The food is tasty - I had the original fish sandwich as other reviews have suggested and wasn't disappointed. I went here for lunch and it was just completely disorganized...I mean I get that your busy with the whole lunch time crowd. But shouldn't there be a rhyme and reason for the madness...apparently not.   The whole set up is whack - you stand in line to order the hot foods - which makes sense. The cashier who is preoccupied with handing out orders is getting too distracted to take orders - which was annoying. You'd start putting in your order, and then she'd interrupt you by calling out, "shrimp in a basket is ready". You'd start again with your order and another yell would emerge for, "seafood eggroll ready" - this happened about 3 times. Annoying? - Yes. Patience wearing thin? - Yes.   But finally got our order through and she got our money and gave us 1/2 of our order. We stood there somewhat confused and asked where we could get our soup - and she was like over there and pointed over to the deli and was like just show your receipt. I told her I didn't get a receipt so she proceeded to go through crumpled pieces of paper to find the receipt and was like just go over to the deli and say that you ordered soup. Ummm, ok I guess that makes it more official that I paid - just march on up to the deli and say give me soup, I paid. Ironically it worked.   Then we were looking for drinks (which we had ordered but no cups were given) - lo and behold they were in the middle of the long line for cooked foods. Cups are just on the side - they must go by the honor system in this joint, cause you could have your hearts content of soup and drinks without paying a dime they way it was set up.   While the food was good, the set-up was horrible. You feel like your walking all over the place to get food, drinks, soup - I mean hasn't anyone heard of flow or more technically LOGISTICS. There are little people jams all over this place and it's not big at all - overall I think the lack of organization causes alot of stress for the employees and patrons - especially those who are net to this place.~sandwich shrimp 
In sum, really enjoyed this place. It is what it is. Good inexpensive seafood. It is that place, the place one wants to dine for simple, fried but not greasy, inexpensive, seafood.  I ordered the Shore Dinner, Fried ( Includes Fish, Crab Cakes, Fries & Slaw). I was not in-love with the crab cakes. This is not to say they were not enjoyable, I've just had better. Heck, for the price I don't want to sound like I am complaining they fit the crab craving for the price range extremely well!   The fried foods did not taste like grease and they obviously either recently or frequently change the oil as no icky after taste could be found. We also ordered the fried shrimp and an order of fried mushrooms. Yum! One worries when ordering fried foods especially seafood, about it been overcook. This was not the case here. Keep in mind the breading is not to die for- this is not Monterey Bay Fish Grotto . That being sad, it fit the bill for affordable, seafood, and a quick meal.  I was impressed with their soups. That stock for the clam chowder was delightful. Rich and flavorful. I thought the serving size to be small for the price. However, it really was a nice treat to enjoy.  I've heard some complain about the wait staff and lines. I had no such problem- I sent my husband =)  If I had to make a recommendation, I wish this place was open later. It is hard for us with our work schedules to run down they by 4pm. For simple seafood this is the place for take out.~fries & shrimp mushrooms. 
wow.  it's by far the greatest seafood place i've been in for quite sometime.  today was all about the seafood salad for me.  excellent.  i'll be back to try much more.  there was a good sized lunch crowd in here eating sandwiches.  those lobsters looked incredible and the enormous scallops caught my eye.  stay tuned on an update.~salad 
It's only fair to mention up front that I used to work at Benkovitz once upon a time.  (Ah, those were the days... serving Hall of Fame greats like Franco Harris; cleaning lobster tanks; learning what a "milker" was and that some folks actually buy these headless female fish with the 'guts' intact on purpose; calamari salad with tiny tentacle garnishes; running an errand on the way home only to have people 100 feet away hold their noses in disgust as the heavy scent of fish-house wafted in my wake.  To this day some folks still affectionately know me as 'Fish' (instead of Trish), but I digress. ;)  Benkovitz is hands down the best place to pick up quality frozen, fresh, and prepared seafood and sauces.  It's a small joint in The Strip District and can get a little crowded, but worth the trek even if only for a fried or broiled fish sandwich and a fresh prepared seafood salad.  There is no seating indoors so get yours to go or expect to eat standing up at the small rails along the storefront window provided for this purpose.~salad sandwich salad. 
Tried to go to Penn Ave. Fish Co. during the busy pre-Christmas week and it was absolutely packed to the rafters. Rather than face an epic wait I opted for Benkovitz. It's one of my grandma's and mom's favorites and a Pittsburgh institution.   Creature comforts? None. Slick ambiance? Irrelevant.  I've only ever gone for the classic fish sandwich, not because I lack imagination but because I've only been here every now and then and it's so reliably good that I can't help myself.  This time around I also opted for the fried zucchini and they were really good as well.  For both the sandwich and zucchini they're crispy, not overly greasy and not breaded beyond recognition. Healthy? Doubtful, but I promise you won't feel like crap the rest of the day, and that's not a given with these kinds of things.   I don't automatically assume that a place that has been open forever is great. Sometimes classic joints simply have a blind following of regulars that don't know any better. This isn't one of those places. My grandma and I don't share many culinary preferences but the Benkovitz fish sandwich is one to agree on.~sandwich, zucchini sandwich zucchini sandwich 
A good fish sandwich.  About $7 and another $1.25 for a refillable fountain drink. Order at a window and sit or stand while eating.  May well be the best in Pittsburgh, but visiting from Seattle I may hold my fried fish to a different standard. Fresh fish selection was also quite small.  Plenty of free parking.~sandwich. 
Had the fried Cajun fish sandwich. was really good, season well, and perfectly cooked. Creamy crab soup was very good, similar to new England clam chowder. Manhattan clam chowder was ok.~sandwich. 
I was watching the news when I heard Benkovitz closed for good! I was floored, you could have knocked me over with a feather. This place was pure pittsburgh, a landmark, an iconic restaurant in the Strip.   As a kid, we'd all get in my cousin's car on a friday night during Lent and go to Benkovits and order fish sandwiches and bring them back home to our waiting family. Sometimes we'd order as many as 17 sandwiches with fries and onion rings and walk back into the house with 7 bags of food. Of course the kids would sit on the living room floor and the adults would eat at the table. Oh those memories!   Those fish sandwiches were huge, each sandwich housing two huge pieces of battered cod and those hand cut fries. Made Lent worth giving up meat.  Benkovitz was a Strip icon since the sixties, but in business for over 100 years. When PNC Park opened in 2001 a Benkovits was there, selling those fish sandwiches in their own little corner of the stadium.  I'll miss them, they were a part of Pittsburgh and I and the rest of Pittsburgh will miss them! Thank you for 100 great years!~fries onion rings sandwich fries. 
You cannot beat the $9.99 Lenten special!  Fish Sammie, potato pancakes, cole slaw and a fountain drink.  The fish sandwich was perfection.  Came out nice and hot, like fresh and hot that it burnt my tongue in my excitement to eat it!  There were two generous pieces of fried fish between a fresh bun.  After my order, I heard someone order a wheat bun, so that's a good thing to know for future visits.  I'm very judgmental with my cole slaw... So I'd say it needed a bit more pepper, but it was a decent vinegar based slaw.  The potato pancakes were like mini home fry circles.  They were also fresh out of the fryer.  Speaking of fry... that's not going to go down as my healthiest meal... But it was darn good!  The main difference I see here compared to Wholey's is that it doesn't reek of fish.  Wholey's is kinda gross.  This place is incredibly clean and well laid out.  You can order fresh fish as well as a plethora of different fresh salads (pasta, fish, chicken, potato, etc.) and sides.  It's definitely beat out Wholey's in my opinion.    I cannot believe I worked in the strip for 4 years and never came here.  It's a shame and don't let this happen to you!~potato pancakes 
What brought me to Benkovitz is the fact that they're a seafood place that sells fresh fish, and they happen to be right down the street from Penn Ave Fish Company.  On paper they seem nearly identical, so I knew I had to try it out.  I walked in and asked the guy behind the counter what to get if it was my first time.  Hands down he said "Fish Sandwich".  But of course, it's called the "Original" Fish Sandwich.  Less than four minutes later I was seated at a table and my sandwich was inhaled.  At first glance, the sandwich doesn't seem that big.  You get two large pieces of fried fish sandwiched in soft white buns.  Nothing else.  Pure simplicity.  I added tartar sauce to half the sandwich and had the other half sans-condiment to see the taste of the fish by itself.  To be honest, I liked it better w/ the tartar sauce since the amount of fried fish + white bread worked to start drying out the mouth and the tartar sauce worked to keep it moist.  While I was waiting for my friend to finish his sandwich, I hopped around looking for their soups.  I sampled both soups they had on hand and I should have stopped right there.  It was my main goal to try the soups, but my gluttonous side couldn't resist a cup of their creamy scallop soup, which drank like a chowder.  As a testament to how good the food is, I had my camera but completely forgot to snap pictures during my feeding frenzy.  So how do Penn Ave Fish Co. and Benkovitz co-exist?  Benkovitz seems to have an old-school vibe with their brick walls and worn wooden floors and almost everything is fried.  Penn Ave seems more "hip" with brighter colors and focuses more on grilling and broiling.  Is one better than the other?  That's like asking what's better between Coke and Mountain Dew; they're just different.~sandwich" sandwich. sandwich sandwich white sandwich white sandwich, coke 
This bakery is a welcome change from the Gregg's across the road, that's for sure!  Donachie's specialises in baked goods and sandwiches, but are also known for their birthday, celebratiion and corporate cakes!  As well as this they provide pies and savouries, pastries and tea and coffe - so basically Gregg's, but cheaper!  I have only ever been in for a sausage roll, but a fine sausage roll it was!  And unlike Gregg's ready made sandwiches, Donachie's make their rolls to order, to prevent the 'dried up' effect I feel you often get with a pre-prepared sandiwich (yuck!).    With no seats or tables, Donachies is a takeaway bakers with the added bonus of freshly prepared produce - does what it says on the tin, and then a little bit more :).~pastries tea sausage sausage 
JOY JOY JOY!!   Why would you pay upwards of $4 for quality fresh bread when you can go here and get it for $1-$2.50?  Its not day old....I got bread today 12/12 and its good till 12/20. That's 8 days of goodness left!  *White, wheat, sourdough, whole grain, multi grain bread *Thomas English Muffins * Hostess doughnuts,  mini doughnuts 4/ $1.  *Bake and serve dinner rolls *Tortillas.  You name it they have it.  Too many other things to mention.  Go and see it for yourself  Who needs to eat extra carbs at full price when you can get em cheap!!  The staff is helpful and will point out extra goodies of the day or show you where the REALLY fresh stuff is.  If you need to bring snacks for the kids' holiday party, baseball team after game snacks come here and save TONS!!~white, wheat, doughnuts, doughnuts 
Ya know in this economy you cant go wrong with saving a few bucks here and there right? 2 loves of yummy whole grain bread, 3.50.. a loaf of cinnamon raisin bread, 1.00.. 2 boxes of 100 calorie pack cupcakes, a 1.00 each.. box of Twinkie, priceless, well, 1.00!   Super friendly and knew all about the specials at Roberto's next door.. though I think she had to many Twinkie's herself because she was a real talker and was clearly sugar juiced!~raisin cupcakes, 
Well when I left Chicago I thought I would never find a place like this out here in AZ....but not only did I find one it is mere minutes from my job. They always have great deals....I mean is there anything better than those $1 a box snack cakes....wohoooo. Twinkies, Ding Dongs, Cupcakes, Zingers, Suzy Q's, and everything in between really don't stand a fighting chance at that AWESOME price. I also have to mention the bread which is also a steal....but my favorite the WHOLE WHEAT buns.....8 pack....69 cents....simply delicious. So if your ever in the mood for some great snacks and a bread fix....don't hesitate to visit this locale. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!~cupcakes, wheat 
If this was a review for the condo unit itself that we rented for 2.5 years, then it'd be 5-stars no doubt, as my wife and I loved the place. However, this is a review is for our property managers, so they can be considered lucky for 2-stars.  Pamela Desmond was our "property manager" though I never once received any responses or communication from her and the only time I met her was when she showed up to do our final walkthrough upon move out. If you ever want to communicate with her or get an answer about anything, good luck she's basically a ghost. You'll likely just deal with her henchman, err, assistant Stephanie Cunningham. Stephanie would at least reply to an email or phone call (but never actually do anything about the question at hand), and she always seemed grumpy and annoyed she had to talk to you.  They are the epitome of absentee landlords. The upside is you never have to worry about a drop in or them pestering you. The downside is if you're annoyed by the insane amount of termite activity, the warped flooring, or bees swarming/hiving outside your unit then you're screwed because they ain't doing jack about it. In fact, the only time they displayed what seemed to be interest in the status of the property they were "managing" was when it came to absconding with the entirety of our security deposit over the fact they had to paint a few walls. So sure, its no problem that the property is LITERALLY being eaten away for 2.5 years, but god forbid we cover up that silver or pastel yellow wall with our own colors.  They get the 2-stars for the flexible leasing terms and for being helpful in allowing us to pay for only a week after our house didn't close on the date it was supposed to. I guess my gripe is more specifically with these 2 ladies, but they aren't listed on Yelp and after all, I did pay my rent  to this Realty Executives office.~date 
Great Fro-Yo !!  Lots of toppings!! Plus HOT FUDGE to smather ALL over it.  The place is always CLEAN and comfy.  Wally is the owner and is very nice and a great listener.  The whole staff is great.  Cookies and Cream is the BEST.  I think they even have coffee now.  They also hold parties there if you want. Free Wifi too.~cookies coffee 
Warning. I am a lewd human being and if stores like this disgust you, you find penis shaped straws offensive or if you are my mom, stop reading this now.  Vibrators. Banana hammocks. Dildos. Porn. Edible panties, Penis pops.... they have everything you can think of that is junk-shaped, with a wide variety of different types of junk to choose from. All shapes and sizes. Depending on your preference of course.  I work next door to this classy establishment and I stopped in randomly one day on my way to the lightrail.. Whether you're coming here to spice up your sex life, or the lack thereof, you will most likely find something that strikes your fancy. They had a ton of shit to choose from but why does it all have to be so expensive? $90 for 7 inches of silicone manhood? Really? I can get real thing for less. $10 for underwear made out of candy beads..  I could make my own with my secret stash of candy necklaces from 4th grade for cheaper. I get the novelty of it all, but damn!     The people who work here are cool, and seem to be very knowledgeable about the products they carry. I'd say my favorite thing about this entire store is the pecker party crown I found. If I am ever a bachelorette, I am wearing that shit. And I will own it, whilst sipping vodka out of my cock & balls sports bottle and watching my girlfriends get hammered off the Dong Bong.~banana 
After a quick dinner at the cheese-steak place on Mill Ave, we had some time left on the meter so we stopped into Fascinations for a quick look around.   What really got me in the door was the adorable 50's pin up dresses in the window.  I love the look, but the style is usually expensive.  I was shocked to see that the prices on their clothes were actually affordable!  We took a long look around the lingerie section and they've got a great selection.  I was excited to see that they sell poles and the cashier and I got into a fun conversation about where to take pole dancing classes (Express MiE if you're wondering) and how much fun it is.  The girls working there were super friendly and incredibly knowledgeable about the products.  We wandered into the back with the toys and the girl helping us knew about every product on her shelves.  Shelve your insecurities and preconceived notions  This is a fun place for couples, or even just to come check out with your girlfriends.  Chances are you'll leave with something you'll love!  FYI, parking on Mill sucks.  Expect to pay a meter.  There are lots of Fascinations shops around the valley, so if you're not into paying for parking, you've got options.~cheese- steak 
Good BBQ - sloppy but who gives a damn. Its friggin BBQ. All you naysayers, shut it. This is a great place to eat when  you want good southern food. Quick too.  I didn't get the ribs yet so I can't comment there but I will  be back. Why? Because you definitely get what you pay for and not less.  You can eat lunch for less than $10. Hells yes.  Now if you are one of those NC BBQ snobs that just has to have it one of the three different NC regional methods of cooking, then you're not going to be happy if you want that drippin Lexington stuff they call BBQ. This is simple smoked BBQ with a decent sauce on the sandwich.  I hope you like it; if not you know where I-85 North is. See ya after lunchbreak.~sandwich. 
We had the BBQ plate and the chicken tenders. Sides we got: Collard Green, Mac and Cheese, Fries Sweet Tea and Lemonade   BBQ was a rib plate, but it was odds and ends of meat, apparently from talking with others you don't actually get ribs, its just chunks of pork meat. Their sauce was really bad, almost like a sweet and sour sauce.   Chicken Tenders plate was run of the mill food service frozen tenders. Low quality meat and didn't have much flavor.   Sides were all either just ok or poor: The Mac and Cheese was obviously just box variety but really greasy and mushy noodles.   Tea was pretty bad, decent amount of sugar, but lacking tea taste, I suspect it was a liquid mix. The Lemonade was Kool Aid or similar mix.   Service was very good, the people were friendly, fast, checked on our drinks even though we sat outside. Expect to pay $7-$10 for lunch.   Overall the food was from just OK to bad, there are allot of BBQ places around, you might as well go to a place that does it right.   To the owner: Rework the BBQ sauce, get better pork meat, anything that is obviously food service frozen items replace and start doing things from scratch. Watch out for overcooking your noodles and brew the tea.~chicken mac and cheese 
What can I say you win some you lose some.  This was a hit or miss was dissapointed.  Trsut me I have had BETTER!!  I do admit they serve you a good amount but of so ~so food.  The Mac and cheese looked like Kraft Macaroni just backed BAHHAHHAHHAHHAHA!!!  I asked for green beans and got b aked beans whihc were good actually.  I was shocked at the fact that thye offered every discount under the table but not a military discount which I was disspointed becasue it shows thye DONT KNOW THEIR SURROUNDING NEIGHBORS.  I ordered the brisket it as good dont get me wrong but the sauce thye poured over it was AWFUL.  It was a bright red pinkish sauce not a BBQ sauce I havever had it was like maple syrup it was awful.   The staff was great and helpful but all in all I will not be gonig back to this place The Mc Rib down the street was better than this place.~mac and cheese 
I stopped in there for lunch after driving around and noticing the sign..it's very easy to miss, a small place with a catering van outside.  I had the smallest rib plate -- about 7 bones, which was plenty for me.  It came with two sides (I got the green beans and the mac n' cheese, which were fine) and a couple slices of white bread.  The ribs were pretty good; not over-cooked.  There was a spicy sauce over them, but I could still taste the pork.  The menu also included medium and large rib plates, a rib & links combo, burgers.  A surprise was the list of discounts: Tuesdays students; other days for law-enforcement, the self-employed, healthcare workers... (if I remember correctly).  Anyone who likes ribs should definitely check them out.~green beans cheese, white pork. burgers. 
Three things struck me most about The Rib Palace:  1. The staff was really helpful, asking if we had ever eaten there before and when we answered in the negative, explaining the way number of sides was determined (anything over $5 gets 2 sides, anything under gets fries) and that there was a 2 meat combo plate if we couldn't pick just one meat. This is not to say they were particularly interested, but I'll take helpful over interested any day.  2. Holy cats, those were some damn good collard greens. Tender and moist, with more than a hint of spice and some remaining chicken hanging around in them. YUM.  3. That was a ton of food. I can't believe I ate most of that food.  I had the BBQ sandwich with greens & hushpuppies and the roommate got the combo plate with fried chicken wings and fried shrimp, green beans & hushpuppies (we like hushpuppies, okay?). My sandwich was full of meat, not bogged down with sauce and the pups were good, but ill admit they were were not the high point. The roomie's only regret was that he ordered too much fried, which is really his own fault.  All that plus one sweet tea, ran us just under $20 w/o tip. I was handed a takeout menu on our way out which I'm thinking is the way to go. (If i wanted to watch home shopping on tv while I ate I could just go visit my parents.) But i think it's a safe bet that Rib Palace fare will be enjoyed again from the comfort of our couch.~fries) collard greens 
If you're in the mood for some down home BBQ,  this is the place to check out.  They have everything from ribs to hot dogs, so something for the whole family.  It's a fun place to come and enjoy some good food with your friends.~hot dogs, 
My sister and I were traveling north and decided to stay in Vegas for two days.  Unfortunately the first day fell on Christmas Day and major hotels on the Strip were bit too pricey, so I gambled and booked this Holiday Inn which was about a mile away from the Strip.  I've been to Vegas many times but never stayed at a hotel which is off the Strip and didn't know what to expect.  Luckily once you pass the Las Vegas Boulevard, it only takes about 2-3 minutes to the hotel.  There are many popular restaurants around there, including my new favorite, Firefly.  The garage had the gate which made me wonder if the area was not safe or I should be looking around when we unload our luggage but that was the only part that made me feel a tiny bit uneasy and everything else was great.  Unlike those Vegas hotels, there was no waiting line to check-in and the young guy at the front desk was very pleasant.  The room felt like it was still new and we thought it was a decent size.  Oh, but I kept hitting my feet to the bed frame.  Overall, everything was clean and new except the bed sheet.  When I opened my comforter, it had wrinkles like someone was sleeping on there already.  I checked the pillows and they looked clean and didn't smell anything and I was too tired to call the front desk and wait for someone to come and change it so I've decided to ignore it.  I went to sleep right away and heard nothing but my sister said many people came back to their rooms after midnight and got pretty loud.  She said she thought someone was in our room talking.  Next day, I was able to enjoy my favorite TV channel on a big flat TV while my sister was able to check her emails for free.  We knew we'd sleep in late until we had to check-out so didn't bother to ask if we get the free breakfast as some of those Vegas websites stated but I think I've read we could get complimentary coffee in the morning at their cafe.  We were going to shop whole day so we moved to a hotel on the Strip next day, but when I come to Vegas by myself, I often go to places off the Strip and don't need to stay at those pricey major hotels.  Especially, many hotels nowadays have been cutting down many amenities anyways (do you remember we used to get stuff like cotton swabs, shoe polish clothe or mending kit?) but adding ridiculous Resort Fees for nothing (this past year, I've stayed at Mirage, Treasure Island, Venetian and Planet Hollywood which recently stopped charging the Resort Fee).  I didn't feel like I downgraded and stayed at a cheap motel.  It was nice that there was no awful smell of smoke to go through when you come back  to the hotel or stupid Resort fee to pay but got a free internet access with many good dining places to choose from.  I'll definitely stay here again (but I will call the front desk if I see wrinkles on my bed sheet next time).~coffee 
Customer Service FAIL: I called ahead EXPLICITLY to request 2 queen bed.  When I arrived, I was told that was not possible with no more availability, and I should've called ahead.  Renovation FAIL: The bathroom that we had has no tub, but an open Euro / Gym style shower area, which is fine.  Only if that area is not built higher than the rest of the bathroom floor.  Every time we shower, we get an instant flood in the bathroom.~instant 
Came for lunch last week and got Euclid Burger. Price was good, Food was delicious. Place look really nice, contemporary design, made me feel like i was not in Cleveland for minute (lol). We try the weekend night soon.~burger. 
Stopped in to C'estlavie for lunch today with a coworker and we chowed down on some reuben wraps with fries as they were the daily special.  Our server was friendly and our drinks were refilled promptly.  The place was empty and unusually decorated, but the lunch specials are nice.  The reuben wrap was hot and delicous.  The portion was a perfect size.  The fries were well seasoned, but under cooked.  They had just a tad too much salt.  With a few minor improvements, this will be an excellent lunch spot.  I'd stop back in again.~wraps fries fries 
Food coma.   I would give it 3 stars except it was my dad's favorite place for breakfast. I took the little dudes here to experience "Grandpa's breakfast" and we all ordered the English breakfast. Aka, how many ways can you fry shit. Eggs, sausage, fried bread and "potato scones". WTH are potato scones? They're like hash browns made from potato paste. Pure gut bomb.  Their "fried bread" is just that. Bread tossed in a pan of hot butter. Holy moly it was good!  Overall, your standard small town diner kinda place. It has a certain charm. Most of the people coming in are locals/friends of the staff. Everyone's friendly. There was a flier up on the door inviting any and all to someone's birthday party. My boys thought it would have been funny to show up. Nuthin' fancy. Not bad.~sausage, potato potato potato butter. 
Finally made it to Luckenbooth Cafe' for breakfast.  It was delicious breakfast comfort food.  I had the smallest order of the biscuit and gravy breakfast.  It had hash browns and cheese underneath the gravy.  Really good.  My friend had the breakfast burrito which she said was delicious.  Nice portion sizes and great prices.  Very friendly staff.~cheese burrito 
Just moved to the area, so glad I found this place. The only thing that could be better is if they took credit cards. Awesome family owned place, great friendly service and awesome food. Awesome breakfast, great fish on Fridays, amazing pastries and bread(s). So good we've become regulars on Sunday (and sometimes Saturday) mornings.  Good Things: Pork & Eggs (with the steak or pork) - Awesome. Sausage gravy is great, so are their hashbrowns. Breakfast sandwiches - Holy crap, their croissants are delicious. Seafood Platter - Awesome on a Friday. Honey Fried Chicken - Pretty good, not a Southern fried chicken ( :( ) but still pretty good.  Probably more that is good, but that's what we've gathered so far. Highly recommended.~pastries pork & steak pork) sausage honey fried chicken 
I had a pleasant breakfast at Luckenbooth Cafe, served by a pleasant waitress on a pleasant Sunday morning. The food was pleasant too. It really is the best way to describe this place. Just...pleasant. Nice might work too.  The interior has two sides. One side is labelled "Yvonne's Tearoom", which appeared to have nice tables and was decorated in a combination of English country and American country styles with natural colors. The other side (where I sat)  has a soda fountain and is more traditional diner, with tables in the middle and vinyl upholstered booths on the edges. Both rooms are large and there is a good amount of space between the tables too.  The menu was not what you would expect, so look it over and try something new. There is the usual breakfast items you would find, but the menu was studded with some European items that aren't normally on a menu, like toad-in-the-hole. Also, they make two kinds of English sausages in the back. Either can be subbed in for your normal breakfast sausage at no additional charge.  I had Norwegian pancakes, and dressed them with butter, a little powdered sugar and a touch of lemon. They were delightful; tender, but chewy in a way normal and even Swedish pancakes are not. They came with a side of sausage and I chose one of the homemade sausages. It was a link and seasoned with cumin and black pepper among other spices. The portion was generous but I felt they were merely O.K. The links were a little greasy in my opinion and maybe a little under-spiced. I can't really judge as I've never had that kind of sausage before. For all I know, they're exactly what they're supposed to be!  Service was friendly and nice in a sincere way. The coffee was not bad, and the mugs they use are narrow and heavy, so it doesn't get cold so fast. Refills were quick and my food arrived hot. They did a great job.  Luckenbooth gets 3 stars from me. I will be back if I'm in the neighborhood, and I would say give it a shot if you happen to be in their neck of the woods.~sausage pancakes, butter, lemon. pancakes sausage sausage coffee 
This place rocks. Super friendly staff, food is good and really cheap.  Just a nice place to stop by.  Today I got a breakfast sandwich and a pancake for $5.75!!~sandwich 
We had heard about Luckenbooth and decided to check it out for the first time.  Our first impression was of an above average cafe with some very nice extra features. The place is extremely neat and clean and off to the side there is a Tea Room that is quite fancy and very inviting.  They have watercolors on the wall for sale by a local artist and the works are very nice too. The owners were very friendly and laid back which we like. The menu was simple and straight forward which is a big plus in our book.  We really dislike overly detailed menus. Our food was good to very good all the way around but off enough to pull this review down to 4 stars. The bread was delicious (some of the best "appetizer" bread we have ever had) but we would have liked some whipped butter with this and had to use butter packets instead. Not a big deal though. We ordered fish which was very good.  (not sure what the economics are for this area but an all you can eat cod dinner for 9-10 dollars would be nice.  We recently had an all you can eat cod dinner for 7 dollars at another location.)  The fish was cooked perfectly and the breading was not greasy and very good. The coleslaw was very good but the vegetable dish was unusual.  It had a good flavor but the carrots were hard and undercooked.  Not sure if this was how it was supposed to be or not. Mashed potatoes excellent. Our dessert was well made and of large proportion.~tea butter butter 
Living in Black Earth, and seeing this place change it's name a couple times, I needed to try out the new Lunkenbooth Cafe. It looked pretty much the same inside as the prior Stone Soup Cafe did, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. It may not be absolutely greatest interior, but its pretty nice, and it has a good atmosphere. It wasnt sure what to order, but i choose a sandwhich that had to do with some sort of BBQ sauce i think, with bacon and whatnot if i can remember correctly. It was awesome. The secret BBQ sauce on it was out of this world. I loved it. They also have some of the greatest pies I have ever eaten. So stay for some dessert! I would recommend this place!~bacon 
Okay, I am a fan of Luckenbooth. I was going to write this purely as part of my series on the reuben, but alas I cannot. I can't write a word about Luckenbooth without mentioning the wonderful people that own and operate this café.   How often do you go to grab a late breakfast and wind up talking with the owner of the establishment for hours. How often are you honestly moved by a restaurateur's dedication to their community? That's what I've experienced each time I've been to Luckenbooth Café. Yvonne and Cliff are always available for a kind word and often a leisurely conversation.   And the food... it's great. Do yourself a favor and try their homemade sausage. It's the best. And the pancakes are outstanding.  Okay, so here's the reuben portion of my review. Yet again that the sandwich was made with a light rye bread. Is this a trend, or some aspect of reuben history of which I'm unaware? The corned beef was fantastic. I'm told that Luckenbooth gets its meat from the butcher across the street, Heiney's. Instead of the traditional stack of thinly sliced meat, you're presented with hearty slabs of tender deliciousness.   The mark of a great reuben is that the sauerkraut doesn't overshadow the corned beef, and you don't have to hose the grease off your hands after eating. Cliff seems to have nailed the mark here. The sauerkraut, cheese and dressing served only as accompaniment and accent, and my single napkin served more than sufficient.  I've been told that their pastries are also amazing. This is my first priority next time I visit Black Earth.~sausage. pancakes sandwich rye beef beef, cheese pastries 
Here's what I love about this place: It has the feel that it has been there for 60 years and the main "diner" side has never changed.  I love seeing seniors lined up at the bar eating their breakfast and having their senior breakfast club.   The new owners are hard workers, extremely dedicated to their cafe and the Black Earth community.  They have it going on. I have a variety of their breakfast- traditional American, traditional British and they even have delicious Norwegian Pancakes too.   Biscuits and muffins are scrumptious and even my sister in law from Georgia says the biscuits were to die for. I have only been for breakfast, but they serve lunch and dinner as well.   Family friendly, cash only, absolutely on my list to return over and over again.~pancakes 
Came here the other night to celebrate a family friend's retirement. Situated in the heart of the Junction, Avec Panache is a local establishment that's run by a husband-wife team. AP has been open for four years so it's a fairly new restaurant. I really loved the decor - including the exposed brick walls. This place can maybe have forty people so definitely inquire about a reservation. The menu is small, but it has something for every palette. With every dish, you can tell that there's care in the preparation (see my photos). I had the grilled halibut with lemon caper butter sauce, which was delicious! I can't wait to come back again to try other items on their menu, including dessert.  Good for: celebrations, parties, dinner~lemon butter 
I've just recently begun to explore some of the new additions to the Junction neighbourhood and was excited to try Avec Panache.  I met a friend for dinner on a Wednesday.  Having just received their liquor license, there were only two red wines and one white available by the glass.  My companion ordered the merlot and I had the cab sauv - both were good.  The menu is very reasonable - with entrees from about $10-25 and apps and desserts from $6. (The menu is available online - these prices are just from memory.)  We ordered lamb chops and moussaka, then for dessert - all were very good.  The only disappointment was that the espresso machine was not installed and I could not have an Americano with the rich, creamy trifle.  I settled for brewed coffee (which could have been fresher, but since the meal was so good and for such good value - I couldn't complain).  I have reserved my comments about the service because it was so curious to me that an established restaurant owner (the folks who own Panache have a long history in Toronto) would hire the server we had.    He was not only inexperienced (which is forgivable), he was so obtrusive it became almost comedic.  In fact, it was like being served by Basil Fawlty on a bad day (minus the actual laughs).   The rudest thing he did was a doozy; we arrived at 8pm and he did not mention they were closing at 9pm.  Instead, when we got our bill at about 9:05 - he made a big show of yawning and stretching and saying it was his bedtime!  Then, he forced us to split the bill down the middle - halving it and entering the amount into the hand-held credit card machine without asking.  He also stood over us while we sorted out a tip.  For me, it was a no-brainer ($0!).  For my friend, who gets flustered a little easier - it was really upsetting.   Anyways - I'm sure this guy has gone on to find his true calling, whatever that may be.  Don't let it deter you from trying the restaurant - it really was good and I will be back.  During the day.  (Hint: Not on a Wednesday).~white lamb coffee ( 
I'm amazed that anyone would write a good review of Panache. Our food was terrible. One of our party ordered a salad that was clearly iceberg lettuce (I would think a restaurant could do better) and the entire salad was made up of the brown, end pieces of the lettuce head.  Someone else ordered a 3-cheese pasta dish that did not taste of cheese at all and our third ordered a dish that was not distinguishable as food.  The service was surly, at best, despite the fact that we were the only people in the restaurant.  I am amazed they are still in business.~salad iceberg lettuce ( salad brown, lettuce pasta cheese 
Excellent neighborhood fine dining. The attention to detail is exceptional starting with the home made organic breads and herb butter, the (free) water infused with lemon and strawberry. Soups are homemade and the night we were there it was a very flavorful mushroom with lentils. The lamb chops were perfectly cooked and served with mint sauce and a a large variety of vegetables. Desserts including baclava and trifle we're homemade. As someone mentioned the chef owner and his wife are the most gracious and friendly hosts. The restaurant is small but intimate. The decor is welcoming with theatre posters. The background music is pleasant and does not overpower conversation. Pricing is reasonable for the quality of food and service. Highly recommended~butter, lemon mushroom lentils. lamb 
My husband and I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this restaurant! We were looking for a great French restaurant to go to on my birthday and Avec Panache exceeded all of our expectations.  The owners are currently running the show and they do such a spectacular job of it! Such a beautiful and friendly couple! The wife greeted us and complimented my vintage dress; she also gave me some history on the style of dress I wore which made me happy as I love to learn more about vintage history and clothing! When we didn't know which wine to choose she gave us samples which was extremely helpful.   The atmosphere is cozy and romantic, yet good for bigger parties as well. My husband and I really loved all of the art on the walls.  We ordered the shrimp cocktail as an appetizer which was absolutely delicious. For the main course we ordered the French-cut lamb chops which were cooked to perfection and served with the greatest array of vegetables, all delicious!   The chef/owner came out to talk to us, along with others in the restaurant, from time to time. It really made the entire evening special as you can tell how much love goes into the restaurant. When another table overheard it was my birthday, they wished me a happy birthday as they made their way out of the restaurant which was totally sweet! The owners later told us that they have many regulars and at times different tables will end up talking to one another. Such a friendly atmosphere all around (Without being in-your-face!)   For desert we opted for the Chocolate Mousse Cake. The menu says it's for "Chocoholics" and that statement is very true! I only like to eat chocolatey chocolate cakes and this cake was exceptional! It is also flourless, and was melt-in-your-mouth good. Will definitely be getting that again!  Overall it was a fabulous experience. My husband and I left in such a positively happy mood. I even think we stayed past closing time but you would have never known. They did not try to rush or kick us out, making the entire experience that much more authentic and enjoyable.  We have put ourselves on their mailing list and will return soon with more friends and family to share this wonderful experience with.  Thank you Avec Panache for making my birthday a very happy and memorable one!~shrimp lamb cake. cake 
useful tip...buy the cheapest ticket for a game and then come here for $35 and eat until you are satisfied...well worth it...and to think i was paying $30 for the All You Can Eat section with only Hot dogs, Chips, Peanuts, Popcorn, Soda & Water....i will be back to the ABC next season for sure~hot dogs, chips, popcorn, 
Came to the game with my wife. We always wondered what this place was like so we decided to try it out. We sat on the porch right as the game started. It was fun to watch the game while we ate.   My wife ordered the Chicken Caesar salad. She enjoyed it, but wasn't overly gushing about it.   I got the Chefs Table. An all you can eat buffet of good food. They had Turkey, Tri-Tip, all kinds of veggies and salads. They also had an all you can eat ice cream bar. I didn't try that (on account of my diet). Overall it was good food. A bit pricey for the buffet ($35 for food a drink and dessert) but overall it was good.~chicken salad. salads. ice cream 
We have been making the rounds of restaurants at Chase field and this time we tried the ABC club for dinner. It overlooks right field just above Uptown. You have a choice of the all you can eat buffet for $34.95 each or ordering off of the menu. We ordered off of the menu. I got the seafood salad ($25)  and my husband got the burger ($15). If you are leaving to go to your seats elsewhere I recommend ordering off the menu. If you are planning to stay there for the whole game, I suggest doing the all you can eat buffet, That way you can go up and back as much as you want and graze throughout the whole game. (or most of the game- I am not sure when last call is)    The food was very good. The service however was not. That's why I gave it only three stars. They must have thought we were staying the whole time because we got there before the game started and it was so slow we were not able to get to our seats until the third inning. It was unacceptable.~salad ( burger ( 
Not sure how well kept this secret is or if it's a secret at all but buy some cheap tix, make a reservation and share a mountain of nachos and have the banana split. Sweet Hey-Zeus, it's an entire half gallon of ice cream and WE TORE IT UP.  And that is no stretch of my wild imagination.  Who knows...You may win yourself some much needed cool points on the dating front. Give it a swing.~banana ice cream 
We stopped into Maison Tataki for a bite on our way to a show at Le National. The service was good, the waitress was nice, she made suggestions. This is one of those americo-japanese restaurants that pride themselves on serving dishes with twists. I'm totally ok with that usually. For example, there is no sashimi on the menu. Anyway, the food was interesting and good, but not delicious. Their beef curry soup was good. The house salad had delicious grilled octopus on top- mouth-watering!-- sadly there were only two teeny weeny pieces smaller than half my pinky. Also, the salad was drenched in dressing. The two final dishes were good but not as tasty as I had expected (crab-stuffed salmon) and insanely tiny portions, we left hungry and we spent 60$. I need to take off 2 stars for the horrendously small portion sizes and the absurdly high prices. I give one star for service, 1 star for food and 1 star for location/decor. I don't think I would go back, I know so many better places.~beef salad salad salmon) 
WOW!~  this is an amazing restaurant, this was my first time trying out japanese cuisine and it was totally worth the try. the food was great, very fresh. I specially loved their "magic spoon" and I also tried their "fried ice cream", it was really delicious!!! It's a really nice and cute place, very peaceful, they have a nice view in their backyard.The workers are very welcoming and service is good enough. The only thing that i would recommend is maybe to add some background music and it would definitely be greater if more and more people knew about this restaurant because every time i talk about this restaurant, a lot of people don't know.~ice cream" 
Wanted to try the place at least 2 times before placing a review. In the span of two weeks, I went 3 times with friends who also would come back.  Whenever you're new to a restaurant, best ask what's the menu concept and recommendations. Which is what we did.   Their menu is actually a tapas menu, a tasting menu or a appetizer menu if you will. I went in there fully expecting my bill to be a treat to myself as tapas menus are generally more pricy. The $$ of this listing should actually be $$$ or $$$$.  It's a Japanese menu with a twist. I would say that anything Tataki, which is included in their name, is delicious. Take the time to savor the different sauces and hints flavors. I also tried per recommendations of the wait staff the "Coquille de Petoncle" (scallops) which was divine. One of my favorites there. I'd say don't miss out on the "Pizza japonaise" you won't be disappointed and the "Étoile de Mer". Another speciality is the "cuillere magique" which is crab meat wrapped in salmon and sauced with house sauce. Everyone there seemed to order them so we gave it a try. Good call. I'd say it seemed to be 3 or 4 plates per person to be satisfied.  Don't go for the usual boring "miso soup", "gyozas", "edamame" or "tempura" etc, you're going to be missing out on the real gems. You're here for something different than the usual japanese-american dishes.   There is a short list of main meals as well which were ramen (noodles), ramen soups or teriyaki. I tried the sauté seafood ramen and it was delicious. Filled me up. There take next to ours had a ramen soup that looked great. Will try that next.   Now as for the decor, its nice and inviting. The bathrooms are.... Clean! Wow. They also have a nice back patio with fountain. The staff all seemed nice and pleasant. The owner and head chef seemed to know his customers and took the time to go see their tables when he had a break. It seems that you can also order "chef's creations"; as some dishes I inquired about when I saw them come out, were not on menu.  All in all, we were 4-5 every time and our average bill was about 40$-60$ on the tapas menu and 20$-40$ for a full course. Definitely will go again. I love tapas and all the different flavors it comes with. That's the price for fine cuisine. If you're looking for a cheap place with just quantity, try their Ramens, they fill you up but otherwise, you should try somewhere else. It made me laugh when some customers asked the wait staff if they had sushi.~pizza salmon miso edamame" sushi. 
Paid $18 (including tax and tip) for the worst beef teriyaki (lunch special) on the planet. The miso soup was basically just salt water.~beef miso 
went here on  a Friday and they had a very nice band playing  , which was the real reason why I came here, and another reason is I was told that they had join partners with the    respectable Lancer's seafood and steak house that used to be  located  on Carnegie. It was three of us at a table , we had a very slow attitudy  server that had no personality. food was okay but not very hot, she told me if I changed my side dishes for my meal it will only be a few extra dollars , end up being $10 extra dollars ....she had no clue on how to separate checks or how to run a credit card , took her an hour to come back with anything you asked her for. Management was no better, didn't really care about what was going on said he would take care of it and never did, other tables were complaining also nobody really cared. The server finally got upset and said;'I REALLY DON'T CARE ABOUT NONE OF THIS S*** I ONLY BEEN WORKING HERE FOUR DAYS ANYWAY F*** THIS s*** " ,we were really shocked and I will never go back for the food at least maybe the band because they were nice.~steak 
Came here on a Sunday right after they opened at 1:30 in the afternoon.  I had my doubts, but was told not to turn my nose up because I would not leave hungry or unhappy. anddddddd they were right.  Told myself I wouldn't regret a single carb, gram of fat, or calorie that went in my mouth during this meal so it made it that much better.  fresh bread dripping in butter, spicy crab dip with pita bread fried to perfection, macaroni and cheese, fried perch, fries, coleslaw....all heavenly.  I couldn't stop. I loved every bite of it. I need more lancers in my life like..every day.  Our server was nice.  Not too invasive but took good care of us and made sure our drinks were full and empty plates were off the table.  Cant wait to go back to Cleveland and especially Lancers/mardi gras/whatever it is now~butter, cheese, fries, 
If you love overpriced burgers aimed at a clientele that feels overpaying is a symbol of status then you've found your jawn.~burgers 
I was visiting from NY. My bff now works and lives in the downtown area of Montreal. We had passed here several times and she had always wanted to try it being a huge burger fan that she is.  We came on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. The place wasn't too packed, a nice work crowd from the downtown area. Placing our order was quite unique on the table top touchscreen. Very nice concept...the waiter came and explained how to use it so we were left to our choices of a nice menu spread.   We both ordered from the express menu which includes coffee/tea/hot chocolate and dessert for $15.00  I had the salmon burger and my friend had the lamb burger both with salads. After checking with the waiter to make sure our order went through, we asked that the lamb be cooked rare (it wasn't on the menu choice), we were quite pleased to know that they do cook rare as most places in Montreal do not at all. The burgers took a little more than 10 minutes to come, I heard everything is made to order- and not preprepared beforehand.   The burgers were very good. My salmon was perfectly cooked, it was a nice portion sized patty. My friend's rare lamb burger was actually rare! Wow, and it was delicious. She did say it could've been a bit more seasoned but otherwise was very happy as well. They were out of the chocolate cake and got some other chocolate thing, wasn't half bad and the hot chocolate was great too.  Overall experience was good. Apparently Thursday nights they have a DJ so that should be a nice touch for the evening crowd. I would recommend this to friends, definitely.~burger salmon burger lamb burger salads. lamb burgers burgers salmon lamb burger chocolate cake 
Interesting experience.  Touch screen ordering in the table was definitely fun---but drawback was relative lack of service.   The burger was great and filling.~burger 
Wenn man in Montréal ist sollte man hier einmal vorbei schauen. Von außen ist der iBurger an einen Apple Store angelehnt. Wenn man ihn betritt, fallen erst einmal die Bildschirme auf den Tischen auf. Diese werden für die Bestellung benutzt.  Auch wenn das jedem Technik-Begeistertem das Herz höher schlagen lässt, ist das gerade auch das Essen zu empfehlen. Sehr liebevoll zubereitete Speisen zu einem relativ geringem Preis.  Auf jeden Fall eine Empfehlung!~apple 
Decided to go there because I had bought a Tuango coupon.  The place looked really cool with its interactive menu and good-looking food.  The interactive menu is a screen on the table that allows you to choose what you want to eat, look at prices, call a waiter etc. This touch screen creation ended up being the restaurants downfall.  My friends and i went on a friday around 4 pm. The restaurant was virtually empty so we figured we'd get great service. Our waiter seated us and showed us how to use the interactive menu. Fun and entertaining concept except when you keep trying to click on something and it won't do it.  We ordered a pizza, sushi burger, and lamb burger. Food arrived shortly after we sent the order and tasted good. No complaints about the food (i would have liked sweet potato fries but they didn't have any) While we were eating our waiter never came to see if  we enjoyed our food or needed anything. We did need something... water. So i clicked on call the waiter on the interactive menu..... no one ever came. We had to flag someone down that was walking past our table.   In the end, the "cool" aspect of iburger didn't work. Service failed miserably.  How much should you tip the waiter if he does nothing? 15% seemed excessive and i usually tip 20% on an okay dinner.   Burgers are also overpriced. You're better off going somewhere else.~pizza sushi burger, lamb burger. sweet potato 
Really cool concept! The food is great and the concept is even better. You have to check it out...Try the Sushi Burger~sushi burger 
We decided to check this place out a few months ago. The concept of the restaurant is very cool (although surprisingly, they are not affiliated with Apple..I wonder how that's legal). Anyhow, the fact that you can order your food on a touch screen at your table is wonderful. However, the food, although kind of pricey, is really not that great. Ok burgers, ok fries, ok salad. Nothing too exciting (nothing.. not even the fois gras burger........). I wouldn't really go back, but it's interesting to see the whole touchscreen menu thing..~apple.. burgers, fries, salad. burger........ 
Best place in town for a gourmet burger. Lots of garniture choices, good fries and a unique concept. However takes a little a little time to get your food.~burger. fries 
We tried iBurger for the concept, which is quite cool... touch-screen to view the menu and order, definitely nice. The burgers were quite good, though I was a bit disappointed by the poutine, not the best I've had. All in all, a nice experience, though a bit expensive I think.~burgers 
I would have grown roots waiting for my meal at iBurger except it took about 90 minutes to get some water to grow some!  The service is slow. Did I mention that the service was slow? No? Because the service was so slow that we sat around making molasses just to have something to do.   As for the food, the tartare was nice. The calamari was very nice, except the two sauces that we served with it. One tasted like tomato juice and the other was mayonnaise based, but nothing special. The burgers were nice, though the flavour of the blue cheese on the lamb burger was so overpowering the lovely lamb burger. The creme brulee was one of the better creme brulees that I have had. But if the service was only faster. Still never got the password for their guest wifi, because we couldn't get a server's attention.   Somehow it seems that they thought that if you can do your own ordering that they could skimp on the wait staff, maybe you could, but can you hire someone to fill glasses of water, clear tables and let them help us?~molasses tomato burgers cheese lamb burger lamb burger. 
Petit resto sympa. Oui j'y suis aller principalement pour essayer le technologie mais j'ai bien apprécié ma visite. L'ambiance techno-lounge est assez sympa, le service efficace. Les burgers sont biens, mais à ces prix, je m'attendrais à plus. On en trouve certainement de meilleurs à des prix plus raisonnable. A visiter pour une sortie différente, pour amener des ados qui ne peuvent lâcher leur ipod ou pour les drinks après le ciné.~burgers 
Bouffe - Les burgers sont respectables, mais pas exceptionnels à mon avis. Le burger en version sushi par contre était original et très bon. Celui à l'agneau et fromage bleu aussi.   Service - tap, tap, tap ! Et voilà votre burger ! Génial.  Ambiance - Est géniale ! Avec tous les écrans tactiles, on a l'impression d'être projeté dans un futur proche. Un autre inconvénient, les groupes de plus de 6 personnes n'est pas très recommandés parce que les tables sont évidemment fixées au sol, il est donc impossible de déplacer les tables pour ajouter des sièges.~burgers burger sushi burger ! 
iBurger definitely lives up to its Apple sounding name. The sleek exterior and interior make you feel like you're stepping into an Apple store and that's even before you find out that the way to order the food is actually from a touch screen that's planted on your table. Very fancy. Food-wise, I ordered pulled pork burger and it was OK, although my dining companions who ordered the sushi burger and beef tartare were very happy with what they got. What I quite strongly disliked were their fries. They tasted rather bitter and I'm not sure if they were over fried or if there were some mysterious spices that went into their making. Other than that, everything else was pleasant.~apple apple pork burger sushi burger beef fries. 
We decided to have a girls night there and we were not disapointed, the food was good and the service was great. We ordered everything using the table touch screen and we can customize our orders easily, everything came out perfectly. I had the lam burger, it was good.  My friends tried the Angus, the Vegetarian and the poutine. The fries are great to. The food is tasty but it is a little pricy for "Burgers and fries" even good ones. I'm removing a star because the basement bathroom smelled absolutely horrible and the "table touch screen" could have used a wipe specialy as the concept is to touch your table. If You want a burger that is a little different and high quality, you'll love this place and it definately worth a try !~burger, fries burgers fries" burger 
This place has great burgers-- but I find burgers can be a little bit standard from place to place.  As such, I was more impressed with the appetizers. We tried the tartare and the calamari and both were really good and large portions-- definitely would just order one and share next time!  This is a great place to go before a movie since it's so close, just make sure to leave extra time because the service can be slow.~burgers appetizers. 
While recently travelling in Montreal I found myself nursing a bit of a hangover one day.  Having slept through breakfast and not in the mood to chance a restaurant and something different, I decided to look for a burger.  My hotel being downtown I was recommended to try iBurger.    iBurger as the name suggests takes after the iPod/iPad craze that is sweeping the World.  Situated downtown, it's a trendy and modern burger place that has modern looking tables that have touch-screen surfaces that you use to place your order.  It's basically like using an iPad/iPod to place your order.  Don't worry, there is a host and servers there to help you out, but more on them later.  I actually like this concept in that you can see what everything on the menu looks like and so you largely know what you're getting.     iBurger is definitely more your gourment burger place than what I'm accustomed to getting in Milwaukee.  That wasn't a bad thing by any means though.  I got the regular Angus burger and the meat tasted fresh flavorful.  I made the mistake of getting cheddar cheese on it though.  This is not a slice of cheddar cheese but rather some cheddar cheese sauce they put on top.  That was the biggest disappointment about my meal.  The brioche bun was a pleasant surprise though.  It's not your somewhat typical "way too thick" bun.  It was rather flat, but it was still enough bread and quite good.  The fries are cut fries with rosemary and thyme flavoring that definitely give them a distinctive taste.  The closest thing I've ever had to them were chive fries.  They don't skimp on the fries either as you get a good amount of them.  Overall it was a good meal, but I'd enquire as to the cheese and other toppings the next time round.    As for the service, I wouldn't necessarily expect to mention it at a place like this.  However I have to say that the service here was quite good.  The host was my waiter of sorts as well and he helped me get set up right away.  Then someone else brought me my food, and he too was nice.  He even grabbed some extra ketchup for me as they put it in these little stainless steel cannisters which for me was enough for the burger at most.  Then the host/waiter checked back with me a couple of times while also seating and servicing at least four more tables.  He too grabbed some extra ketchup for me.    Overall I would definitely recommend iBurger.  The food was good and the interactive menu while trendy was pretty cool.   The prices are a bit high for a burger in my experience, I'd say that this being a city the size of Montreal and the food you're getting you do get what you pay for.~burger. burger burger burger cheese cheese cheese fries fries fries. fries cheese burger burger 
This place is definitely a one-time must go place! But like I said, a one-time visit.  Why go in the first place?  Awesome concept of ordering in a futuristic manner without the interaction of waitresses/waiters!!   Why not go again?  -Pricey -Extra oiley fries (Chip wagon style) -Average sized patty -Bland salad   Why maybe possibly perhaps go again? -Goat cheese and avocado on a burger is fantastic!!~fries ( salad cheese avocado burger 
Great concept...order burgers from a touch screen table.  They offer a good array of burgers from the gourmet with foie gras to the sushi burger (salmon tarter between rice buns).   Food was quite good. Home made chips were amazing. Good deserts too.  The touch table was a bit annoying as it was quite slow and unresponsive to touch. Service a bit slow.   Other than the complaints above it was a fun experience and worth a try, especially with the kids.~burgers burgers sushi burger ( salmon chips 
I'm glad I came here on a groupon, I really felt as if at full price my burger would not of been worth it.   The screen menu is cool and will wow you, just enough for the first few minutes, then i found it frustrating (Argh! All I want is to ask for no onions!!)  Took the pulled pork burger which was average and a bit dry, bread was slightly burnt on the sides.   Disappointed overall. I think my favorite part were the fries - Noms.~burger pork burger fries - 
Cool tech to order on digital screen but far from the best gourmet burgers in town. If you want a good classic burger at a convenient location it's all right~burgers classic burger 
Who doesn't like a good burger? iBurger delivers a good gourmet burger with a cool atmosphere.  On a recent trip to Montreal, I stopped in here for lunch on a Monday. The place was quiet, with a few tables filled, but not empty. The friendly (and cute) waiter sat us by the window and explained how the touch-screen menu works. It was definitely cool - the menu took up almost the entire size of the table between us, with photographs, descriptions, and a touch ordering system. Sure, the pressure sensitivity isn't as good as an iPhone, but it worked well enough to be cool and impressive. It's nice to see touch-screen technology being used in neat ways.  Our food came out quickly. I got the salmon burger, and my sister got the sushi "burger" (not really a burger at all, more like a stack of sushi ingredients!). My salmon burger was delicious. It was a good size, as well - I could finish it if I wanted to be really full, or I could finish almost all of it if I wanted to be comfortable. We both ordered sides of poutine, which was very good. Salty (not unexpected) but with plenty of gravy and cheese.  From the exterior, iBurger looks unassuming, but it has a welcoming interior, with dark colors and brick walls on the sides. I think there was bar seating at the back (we sat at the front, so I didn't take it in very well). Our window seats had a great view for people watching at the lunch hour.   Looking back, I definitely wish I'd taken a closer look at the preset lunch deals as opposed to ordering a la carte, because the tab came to a lot more than I realized it would.~burger? burger salmon burger, sushi " burger" burger sushi salmon burger cheese. 
Laarv is American so this review will be typed in American Engilsh.    Wow, when Laarv and her companion arrived in Montreal after a long drive from America, they were hungry!  Like fate they were drawn to iBurger.  Laarv and her companion were very impressed with the touch screen ordering system.  However, Laarv did want to wash her hands afterwards, not knowing how many greasing fingers were all over the screen.  The burger was second to none.  The side salad was so good, that Laarv finished hers and reached over across the table to help her companion finish his.  Laarv was the happiest in Montreal when she was at iBurger.  Laarv hopes America does not find out about iBurger and shut them down for copying our technology.  I guess it was just a matter of time for Canada to catch up.  Prices were a bit confusing because they were not US $.  In the end Laarv and her companion probably gave a 50% tip.  But that's ok - it was worth the $ to make iBurger - MyBurger.~burger salad 
Le iBurger est un endroit à essayer une fois (par pure curiosité!). Le concept est intéressant: des tables à écrans tactiles qui nous permettent de commander nos repas et nos breuvages.   Les choix de burgers sont intéressants à première vue, mais pour le prix, on s'attend à un peu mieux. Bien, mais pas exceptionnel. Le service également était correct, sans plus.   L'expérience est assez unique, mais je ne suis pas convaincue que j'y retournerais, à moins de vouloir faire plaisir à un/e ami/e qui tiendrait vraiment à y aller pour un anniversaire, par exemple.~burgers 
2 étoiles pour les tables tactiles: Concept fort qui se verrait évolué vers plusieurs possibilités futures, par exemple en incluant des vidéos. Côté service l'acceuil est bonne, même sans réservation. Les calmars en entrée sont arrivés rapidement mais un bémol pour notre plat principal qui a mis plus d'une trentaine de minutes, sinon 40, pour 2 burgers avec poutines. La nourriture était bonne mais pour le prix, je préfère de loin Deville Dinebar.~burgers 
Let me begin by saying that I have a loyalty to Starwood properties.  I seem to always experience the best, and have enjoyed food from the very best of the chefs from Luxury Collection properties all the way down to amazing food at Sheraton properties.  I have also worked in the food industry, and while I know I am critical of service, I am very understanding when service or food does not meet expectations.  From start to finish, this meal was definitely in the top for being the worst ever all around. And I say this not because the food was bad, but the service was awful.  Let me start with the very beginning.  When we walked in, there were only three tables in the restaurant, and it took a while for someone to even come to the hostess desk.  In the meantime, I saw another couple seat themselves, because they too had been waiting before our group for who knows how long.  Finally, a polite gentleman came up and asked if  we would be dining with them this evening, and when I said yes, he said "okay, one moment" and walked away.  He went to fix our table and came back and got us.  Upon sitting, a sweet girl came over immediately and filled our waters, and we waited for our server to come by.  We ordered our cocktails, and some of us ordered a glass of wine.  The waitress then proceeded to ask about what our second choices were in case they did not have it.  I was definitely surprised by this. After some time, she brought out our drinks. We were sitting and enjoying our company, and ordered our first courses.  She never described anything about the menu or made any recommendations. Someone at the table ordered the onion soup, and stated that it was way too salty and tasted like it had been in the pot cooking for days and had reduced to something that was not edible. The waitress finally came back to check on us about 35 minutes later after someone in the group went and got her.  We had been waiting to re-order our drinks for a long time, and our plates were just sitting.  She pulled the first-course plates and when she came across pulling the soup, she said "oh, I am sorry I took your soup". The friend replied that she did not like the soup and could not eat it because it did not taste well. the server said nothing more and walked away.  We were finally able to order both our meals and drinks at this time.  The drinks came ten minutes later, half delivered by another server. The food came out 45 minutes later. Mind you, nothing was prepared more than medium rare at the table, and there were still only 5 other tables in the restaurant.  The waitstaff appeared to be invisible almost the entire time.  The only person really working was the sweet girl who delivered our water as she was cleaning the tables and refilling waters. Our food came out and was actually tasty. Everyone really enjoyed their food.  However, no one ever came by to ask how it was.  It is such a pity for a chef to have to have their food serviced from a staff like this.  Unfortunately, it ruins the experience.  We had to get up to ask for the check, because we could not see our server anywhere, and when we got the check (with the soup still charged that was not even eaten and clearly stated that it was not enjoyable), it took a long time to even get back.   Sadly, this experience was so awful I had to write about it. Usually, I never really feel the need to say anything about it.  But this was different. I can guarantee that none of us will ever return here.~onion 
We had a Groupon for Pittsburgh Rare, which is probably the only reason we went here.  I kind of have a thing against hotel restaurants, even if it's a hotel I'm staying in, so I don't know that we would have made the trip down here without a coupon.  That said, we had an enjoyable night, but I don't know that we'd return (with or without another coupon).  The place was far from crowded, but the service was so spotty and odd.  And the food was good, but it wasn't like, AMAZING, and for the price, you can get an an even better view and better food for just the tiniest bit more up the hill at LeMont.  First of all, when we were seated, the waitress gave us a wine list, and once we'd picked something, she said, "Well, actually, we're out of everything but like 3 bottles."  Umm, I know I'm kind of a wine snob these days, but really?  You're a steak house without a full wine selection??  That was just so strange to me.  However, as luck would have it, there was one decent bottle 'left' in their wine cellar (I mean, the wine list was only a single page to begin with, how do you run out and just not send someone to the dang store in Shadyside to get more??), so we got that.  Our waitress was super peppy and nice, but she would just disappear at times.  One recommendation she made that I really appreciated was that if we wanted salads, to split one instead of each ordering our own.  We split a casear salad, which was still big as a half size.  It was really good, not too creamy or sopping wet with dressing.  We also got the "Pittsburgh potato pancake," which was truly the highlight of the meal.  This thing was as big as a full plate, covered in green onions and sour cream, and lined along the bottom with onions.  My arteries were probably so mad at me after eating that, but it was well worth it.  The steaks themselves were really good.  We both ordered the filet, and it was really tender and juicy.  The mashed potatoes were also quite good, even the next day as leftovers.  However, I got the crab-stuffed shrimp with my filet, and I really didn't like it all that much.  The shrimp felt like it was cooked to a weird texture, so I kind of wish I'd gone with just the filet.  All in all, the food was pretty decent, but it just wasn't spectacular.  If I'm going to spend $150 on a meal, I want each and every part of it to stun and awe me!  :)  You do get a pretty excellent view of the Mon and the buildings across from Station Square (Oxford Plaza and the Steel Building show up nicely, as does the Smithfield Street Bridge), but still, it doesn't top Mt. Washington.  If you're staying at the Shearton Station Square and don't feel like leaving the building, then Pittsburgh Rare is fine.  But if you walk a tiny bit, you'll get to the Grand Concourse, which is so much better, with similar views and prices.  Also, it took us about 25 minutes between asking for the check and actually getting it.  And like I said, the place wasn't busy.  There were maybe five tables and two waitresses.  I just don't get it.  The more that I think about it, I might go back, if it was a pretty night, just to have that potato pancake again.  But just for that potato pancake ;)~steak salads, salad, potato sour cream, steaks shrimp shrimp potato potato 
This restaurant sits inside the Sheraton hotel atrium.  It has a beautiful view of the city from across the Mon River.  A train will pass along every 30 minutes.  This is a pricy steak restuarant so I expected Capital Grille or Morton's quality.  Service was awkward and slow on the Saturday night I was there.  My steak ordered medium was closer to well done.  A side is included with each entree, but none of the choices were anything to write home about.  My friends like the lobster bisque and the cotton candy they serve as a complimentary treat after the meal.   Pittsburgh Rare was kind of unimpressive for the price.~steak steak 
I probably like this place more than others.  If you're lucky you get a nice view of the city and river.  Try the potato pancake - you'll like it.  The steak will surprise you.  It is better than most.  I like this place than most of the upper tier chain steak places in Pittsburgh.~potato steak steak 
This was the token bright spot in the worst hotel I have stayed in my entire life. The girlfriend, J, and I checked into the hotel after a long ordeal at the Pittsburgh airport and we were both excited to try this steakhouse that everyone between Pittsburgh International and the front desk raved about. Hey we like steak and it seemed to be just what we needed to feel normal again.   It was only 7:30 PM when we walked to the restaurant but there was no one there. Were they open? Is there another place where we should look for a host or hostess? Eventually a waitress strolled out from what we assumed was the kitchen area and asked us if we needed help. We asked if they were open and she gave us a funny look. Not backing down we starred at her until she admitted they were.   We were allowed to choose our own seat and since there were no other diners to give us any competition we chose a window seat that gave us a view of the Monongahela River. The waitress/hostess handed us menus and I requested the wine list.   "It's on the table.", was her response.   Oh, how silly of me not to realize the laminated card that had the happy hour drink specials was also the wine list. Who was running this operation, Chili's? As soon as the waitress was out of earshot I whispered to J, "Order something different from me because that lady is definitely going to spit in my food."   If memory serves me correctly there was a bottle of Opus One on the wine laminant for $300 or so and then all of the other bottles were less than $35. Talk about two extremes. I did a little restaurant math and figured the Opus One was for the poor business traveler that was booked into this horrible hotel and wanted to exact revenge on his or her company by abusing his or her expense account privileges. Call me crazy but this didn't appear to be the type of restaurant that had proper cellar facilities for a wine the caliber of Opus One so it was eliminated right away from our vino option.   The other wines were a little foreign to us as well. I knew the varietals but some of the appellations were new to me. The state of Pennsylvania is part of four American Viticulture Areas (a fact I learned after I returned home) and as much as I am up for trying new and unusual wine I was leaning towards the token offering from the southern hemisphere.   The waitress returned to see if we had any questions about the menu. I asked what she thought of the Shiraz. She then gave me the same look I received when I asked if they were open. Not wanting to go through another starring contest I quickly pointed to the wine laminant and humbly said, "This one. I might not be pronouncing it correctly." (I was).   "Oh, it's lovely and one of our best sellers."   Well at least if it sold well we reduced our risk of it being an old bottle that had already turned into vinegar.   "We'll take one of those please."   We still had high hopes for the steaks. J ordered the filet and I ordered the rib-eye. The waitress explained to us that Pittsburgh rare is a method of cooking the steak where it is flash seared and charred on the outside and blood red rare on the inside. I decided to try Pittsburgh Rare because how bad can it be if they went to the trouble of naming the restaurant after the cooking method, right? I even went for the off the menu topping of caramelized onions and reduce balsamic vinegar as my topping. For my side I chose the mac & cheese.   The steak was good, in fact it was very good and I was happy with the Pittsburgh Rare preparation. Sure it was a little bloody and turned my mac & cheese a pink color that J called disturbing, but it tasted great. Even the wine wasn't as bad as I expected and as far as I can tell my entree was loogie free.   We skipped dessert but they brought us out what J and I called a seafoam-colored cloud of cotton candy. This was by far the best cotton candy I have ever had. The only way I can describe it is to imagine the flavor of green Lifesavers in the cotton candy format. It was the highlight of the weekend.   Would I recommend Pittsburgh Rare? Yes. As long as you bring your own bottle of wine, like your steaks rare and understand going into the restaurant that this is a step up from the Outback's and Black Angus' of the world but no where near the caliber of the critically acclaimed steakhouses that true beef enthusiasts love.~steak steaks. steak cheese. steak cheese steaks beef 
Went with a party of 8 for my friends Bachelor Party.    We'll start with the good:   Had the Pittsburgh Potato Pancake.  It was pretty good.  I wouldn't have known there was bacon on it had the menu not mentioned it, but pretty much everyone at the table enjoyed it (and there was enough that 8 guys were all able to have a bit of it).  The entrées were fantastic. Since I don't think cows are all that tasty, I had and enjoyed the crabcakes.  A good amount of crab, not too much breading at all.  The roasted corn ancho chile sauce was a great compliment to them.  Everyone else had steak and all loved it.  The only complaint was the coffee and cocoa crusted flat iron steak was incredibly small.  Temperatures ordered ranged from medium rare to medium well.  It looked to me like everything was cooked less than requested but no one was upset at doneness.  They looked delicious.  It's a joy to see a well cooked steak.  Made me wish i liked eating them.  The cotton candy after the meal.  Awesome.  Would have skipped the underwhelming dessert had I know it was coming.  The bad: We'd heard about how before ordering the meats were presented and explained.  We did not get this service, but did see it other tables getting it.  Our group's wine snob described the wine list as "terrible."  Nobody likes him though.    Our waitress didn't seem to know what beers they had.  The draft selection was limited to Bud's finest.  When asked what they had in bottles she replied "almost everything" before shooting down several requests (Dogfish Head, Stella Artois, and Newcastle are a few I remember off the top of my head).  The guys that ordered the french onion soup thought it was delicious, but were upset that it was barely warm to the point it was hard to break through the cheese.  Dessert looked fantastic, but wasn't so good to eat.  The chocolate cake is incredibly rich, but merely ok.  The "warmed" apple tart came cold.  They apparently don't believe in serving coffee with dessert either, as it came out a good 15 minutes after (and they neglected to offer milk or sugar).   If you're just going for dinner and aren't concerned about the extras (like service) the steaks were considered fantastic by all.  If you want a full restaurant experience (as you should be entitled to for their prices) you might be better off finding another place in the city.~potato bacon corn steak coffee steak steak. onion cheese. chocolate cake 
I actually like Pittsburgh Rare. I went with a couple of friends one evening for a good dinner before we left for our summer break/internships our junior year. The restaurant is really big and is located in the Sheraton.   When you first order, they bring over a plate of raw meat and describe each piece on it and tell you what you're looking at and how they cook it. It's actually really cool. I ended up getting a nice 20 oz porterhouse with a side of sauteed spinach. Another got the pork chops while the other 2 got the New York strip.  For appetizers, I got the French Onion Soup. Oh. This restaurant has a special way to cook the meat if you want to try something new. It's called Pittsburgh Rare where the meat is "flash seared and charred on the outside and blood red on the inside." It's actually not very hot in the middle. Since the restaurant is named Pittsburgh Rare, I figured, why not, give it a shot.   It was suprisingly not bad at all. The french onion soup was delicious. The way a french onion soup should  be tasted and the creamed spinach was very good. The total tab was about $100 / person because we also got desert and 2 bottles of wine.~spinach. pork appetizers, onion onion onion spinach 
I'm quite surprised there aren't any reviews!  My bf took me to Pittsburgh Rare, which is attached to the Sheraton in Station Square, for our 5th anniversary. It definitely does well for a date, with a fairly good view of the city across the water.   It was just a little confusing, trying to figure out who we were supposed to talk to, as I really couldn't figure out where the host/ess would be for PR. There really weren't any signs inside that told us where we should wait to be seated. (Or were we just blind?) We ended up going to the middle of the entire layout, where we saw somebody that looked like they fit the bill, but apparently she was working on the Lounge (the front part of the lobby-looking restaurant area), and asked that we wait as she called our hostess over. (Confusing is a minus, but friendly and helpful is a definite plus)  Once seated (by the window, where I could see a tour buses and tour boats across the way), we received almost immediate attention from our waiter.. and he continued to be attentive all night, and very helpful. The steaks were juicy and delicious... and I was quite full and satisfied when we were done. We had to refuse ordering the green cotton candy that seemed to be a specialty afterwards. (It was rather amusing to see how delighted the ladies were with it, at the table next to ours.)  Go again? Maybe on another special date.. and perhaps with a car next time, if so.~date, steaks date.. 
Paton was fast, friendly, knows exactly what he's doing. If you support local business or bleed red, white, and blue then come support beg earl's~white, 
I'll just get to the point. Staff, great.  Cleanliness, great.  Food, eh.  Calamari was actually the best part.  It appeared to be fresh because it was not over cooked and rubbery. However the bottom pieces were a little mushy from the grease.   We had the porterhouse and filet.  They were cooked perfect (medium rare). However they had absolutely no flavor what so ever.  I tried adding salt and that just made it unflavored salty meat. It is hard to imagine and hard to describe that there was no flavor to the meat.  The house salad was nice but the Caesar had way too much dressing.  Needless to say we will not be going back.~salad 
Great service. A very relaxed and casual casino steakhouse which was a nice change (I'm used to atlantic city steakhouses where you still have to be dressed up). The dirty martini was strong, but not that tasty. Husband and I both got the porterhouse which we were stuffed from! A little on the fattier side, but for the price, it was totally worth it.  Again, not the best steak I've had but best bang for the buck! We would both come again.~steak 
Reviewing the Sunday Brunch.   It was truly excellent. My friend and I had reservations but we were about 10 minutes late because the 202 was shut down. We were seated without any problems though.   Roomy table for two. Usually those are small but not here! Pleasing decor and comfy chairs, which means lingering over your brunch is a delight.   There was not a single mediocre thing that I tasted. Shrimp cocktail, prime rib, salmon, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, tuxedo french toast, potatoes were all delicious. I didn't take advantage of the omelet station because I was too full. I also bypassed dessert in favor of another helping of their scrumptious salmon.   My friend sampled the dessert and while there was a lack of chocolate, she loved the mini-cannolis and raspberry cake they had.   I can't wait to go back and see what other things they have to offer. Due to food issues, I had to skip the salad bar but it looked fresh and plentiful. Honestly, even if I didn't have problems with the leafy greens, this would be the place I'd skip it anyway in favor of their other dishes.   To me this was well worth the $19.99 cost.~shrimp salmon, bacon, sausage, french toast, salmon. cake salad greens, 
Incredibly over cooked salmon and steak.  Lucky to get one star.  The high reviews must be a result of the location and drunkenness of the peeps.~salmon steak. 
reopened a few weeks ago, decent place to go for a good steak dinner. Our server was very active and he exactly knows what he's describing in terms of what we ordered.   The ambience was amazing, drink list was perfect including the wines.~steak 
Great steakhouse with affordable prices steaks comparable to high end steakhouses such as Flemings great wine list great to take a date~steaks date 
One of the BEST buffets of all time. The food is always fresh. I like the omelet/egg bar. You can get scrambled with whatever he has. I get mine with onions & cheese.. They usually have bacon & sausage as well as french toast.   They also have a nice fresh fruit tray, cheese & crackers as well as some different breads. On the hot side they have a prime roast most of the time, with some other hot items as well.   The desert bar is nice as well. The lemon cake is moist, flavorful and a nice way to cap off a great meal.. Most of the time they have chocolate covered strawberries.    The staff are always nice and alert and friendly.   The best $20 you'll spend in a long time.   Dinner is also a excellent choice. I suggest the lamb chops!~cheese.. bacon & sausage french toast. cheese & lemon cake lamb 
Verona is a welcome addition to the valley.  I don't care for casinos and the smarminess that seems to infuse them.  But once you pass through the smoky crowds and in to Verona, you are in a different place.  For new construction, they managed to pull off some old school steakhouse atmosphere.  As for the food:  Let's start with the premise that I don't like steak.  I never order steak.  I ordered a pasta dish and my fabulous wife ordered a surf' n 'turf special with a lobster tail and an 8 oz filet mignon.  Next time I'm getting that.  I told our waiter Anthony that I don't really like steak but I would come back for that steak.  Since I would order it medium well, how would they prepare it?  Anthony told me that in that case they would butterfly the cut so that it could be done to my satisfaction yet retain its tender juiciness.  And the lobstah?  I lived in New England for about 3 years before arriving in Phoenix...I've had lobstah that is moments from the boat.  Verona served up a pretty good lobstah tail, particularly considering we are in the middle of the desert.  The roasted new potatoes and asparagus that came with this dinner were delicious as well.  My pasta consisted of penne pasta with a rather sweet tomato and cream reduction sort of sauce with Italian sausage and panchetta.  Very tasty but not fabulous.  In true form, this place is all about the steak.  We also shared a caesar salad which had a nice and authentic caesar dressing.  By authentic I mean that the anchovy flavor came through nicely.  Oh and it comes in a bowl made of fried cheese.  Seriously.  Take a bite of that bowl.  They have a nice wine list and I recommend the listed table red.  Good stuff.    We shared tiramisu for dessert.  Again, very tasty and made authentic with mascarpone cheese, not custard.  Service was very good throughout.  My one small complaint was that my water glass went empty several times and it took a few minutes to get a refill.  In fairness, many restaurants miss this mark because I am one of those diners that puts down about a 1/2 gallon of water with a meal.  Just leave the a pitcher after the second or third refill.~steak. steak. pasta steak steak. asparagus pasta pasta tomato sausage steak. salad cheese. cheese, 
Looked online to find something new to try and came up with Verona Chophouse.  The front desk does take reservations so I figured since it was a Friday night I would go ahead and make one.  Upon arriving the restaurant was not busy at all, so reservations were not necessary but it's a good option to have just in case.  We were seated immediately.  The hostess tried to give us a table with chairs and I asked if we could have one of those big white comfy-looking booths instead so she obliged.  Within 3 minutes someone arrived with water and hot bread and butter.  As we were looking at the menu and perusing the wine list, the waiter appeared and helped us with our drink order.  They did not have the wine I selected off the wine list, so I opted for the house Cabernet...which was really good!  The bread and butter were a perfect start.  The bread was delicious and the butter was whipped and soft, not that butter in the gold packets that  is cold.  Once I had that, I knew that the rest of the dinner was going to be great.  I ordered the garlic roasted chicken, which comes on whipped garlic potatoes with an au jus gravy and cippolini onions.  YUM...It was sooooo tasty. I loved every minute of it. Great flavor and perfect sized portions.  The dinner also came with a choice of soup or salad.  For the soup they had Manhattan style clam chowder.  It was good but I think I still prefer the New England style.  The salad had big chunks of bacon with blue cheese crumbles.  Comes with a vinaigrette but I opted for ranch instead.  I was very satisfied with the quality of food. Part of me worried that the food may still be "casino style"....but it really was nothing like that.  I actually thought it was better than some of the steak houses around Chandler that aren't in casinos. Pricing was a bit above average...but $42 for everything still wasn't that bad, and that included the wine.   Service was great...it did seem to take longer than normal to get our entree, but the wine and the bread, soup and salad kept us busy and allowed for conversation between plates.  I had read all the reviews here before I even went to this restaurant, but I'm glad I didn't listen to the bad reviews and not go. I will definitely go back again. This is a great place to celebrate for an adult dinner, a romantic date, an anniversary, or just to go out with friends or family.  Our waiter was Thomas and he did a great job.  Thanks Verona Chophouse!~white butter. butter butter butter garlic chicken, garlic salad. salad bacon cheese steak salad date, 
My wife and I have been meaning to try Verona Chophouse since the Lone Butte Casino opened about a year ago.  Although we are not really casino people, we wanted to try the restaurant.  The Sunday brunch was spectacular.  Outstanding service, incredible food and great ambiance.  The decor is trendy and appealing, and while we ate there was a duet of piano and flute adding background music.  Really nice touch.  The buffet offers a great cold selection with fresh vegetables, pasta salads, seafood salad, grilled aspargus, mozzarella balls and many more dishes to try.  One the hot side was baked halibut, pasta, eggs, french toast, bacon, sausage, beef, chicken and biscuits (one of my favorite things on the entire buffet) and several other choices.  The buffet includes a prime rib carving station and omelet station, and a full table of deserts.  What I really noticed about this buffet was that there was nothing really "different" about the actual food on the buffet.  Most of these items are pretty standard on buffets of this caliber.  What WAS different was the quality.  Everything was top-notch, and it was evident in the taste.  All of the food was prepared perfectly and each item was better than the next. The prime rib was delicious and the omelet may honestly have been the best that I have ever had.  I don't know what was unique about it, just that it was amazing.  The "biscuits" with the chicken and biscuits were actually light, flaky puff pastry that really went well with the flavorful chicken.  The buffet includes soft drinks - try the pomegranate green tea.  For $20, I will be here on many Sundays.  There are a lot of great brunches in Phoenix, but very few of them are this good for this price.  We were extremely impressed, and cannot wait to go back to try Verona for dinner.~pasta salads, salad, mozzarella pasta, french toast, bacon, sausage, beef, chicken chicken chicken. pomegranate tea. 
On a whim, ate here last night while waiting to play B.A.D. Bingo (very fun btw). Service was awesome (Deborah) and the food was excellent. We started with the Verona trio appetizer, which had calamari and homemade mozzarella sticks, both excellent, and also bruschetta, olive tapanade and artichoke spread. I'm not a fan of those last two but they weren't expected, so I can't complain.  My minestrone soup was very tasty and my BFs salad with pesto balsamic dressing was great.  I then had the filet, medium rare and cooked perfectly, over a crispy risotto cake. BF had salmon with gnocchi and spinach. Portions were large and I have leftover filet to eat the next day.  We topped it off with a creme brulee which was perfect.   Again, service was wonderful, staff was very friendly, portions were large, food was delicious, price was very reasonable!   Oh, to top it off, we signed up for Players Club because I wanted to play 10 minutes on the Wolf slot....and the first spin on a 2 cent machine.....$156.....cashed out and so dinner and B.A.D. Bingo were gratis last night.~mozzarella olive artichoke salad cake. salmon spinach. 
Best... Steak... EVER!!  That's it. Those three simple words sum up my experience this evening. Oh, you want more?! Okay!!  Upon entering the brand spankin' new Lone Butte Casino on my rez.. the Gila River Indian Community, one can find new slot machines, a lounge with waterfalls that can make someone drunk just from staring at it, fresh clean(ish) air... and my favorite amenity... the Verona Steakhouse!!  Entering the nice clean and dare I say it... swanky Chophouse Steakhouse... is both casual and fine dining. Grandma's in their Blue Light special tunics and oxygen tanks sit enjoying enormous Cesar salads that was made table side (!) by well trained servers. I looooove the decor! I small found small touches that reminded me of home, the tortoise shell ceiling that melded traditional Pima basket designs with Italian decals, interesting.   There's a nice mural and huge windows that with Cafe 24/7 encircle a very beautiful fountain. (I'm assuming this is to recreate a whirlwind design, which is a well known symbol to my tribe, "all crazy times are a whirlwind" - Pima proverb) If you're dining indoors, especially in the day time its very nice to have these huge windows, I kinda wished we were sitting by one of them!   Our server Jessica presented us with some bread and made a dipping sauce made with Bellagio olive oil, balsamic vinegar, freshly grated parm and cracked pepper. Lovely. I couldn't get enough!  I ordered the 12oz Rib eye with Squash w/pancetta for $25. I was very specific with my steak. I ordered it pan-roasted to medium and finished with butter, served with a side of blue cheese. And I got it medium and grilled on the salamander. I was disappointed when it first hit the table, and then I took a bit... oh em.. gee!!!   Never, EVER - have I had a steak THIS good!! Tender, perfectly chard, flavorful, beautifully seasoned and well rested. The sign of any great steakhouse is in how well they rest their steaks before serving. I couldn't believe it was so amazing... but I can't help but to wonder how it would have been if I got it the way I wanted it! I also can't help but to wonder if the chefs in the back knew better than me! I did tell the server that the order was wrong... but that I was happy and didn't need to have it fixed or replaced. She was relieved and waited on us hand and foot afterward.   My mom got the Special. An 8oz Filet Mingon with asparagus, roasted potatoes and eggplant ragu for $27! She ordered it well done! (ARGH! I know I know... ugh, some ppl! :P) But it was very good... even if they ruined it to her specifications!   We ate to our hearts content and walked away very happy with our meal. I ran into my biological mom (long story) and her husband celebrating their wedding anniversary, I told the waiter and he hooked them up with a free dessert! How awesome is that?! The manager walked the front of the house asking everyone (including us) how our meals were going. They pay attention to the small details, which is something I notice and appreciate.   I may not be able to afford it ALL the time... but I will DEFINATLY be back with MANY more in tow!! I wish they were open 24 hours like the other restaurant at the Casino, but alas - they have lunch and dinner service only. To my yelpers, I say... GO, GO NOW!! What are you waiting for?! I don't care if you're not in the area... GO! Its not THAT expensive... quit crying! :P Go and enjoy yourself!! Try some wine and give the Cesar salad that's prepared table side! And don't forget the cannoli! I hear it's yummy! And be sure to play a few slots on your way out! ;)~steak... salads olive steak. butter, cheese. steak steaks asparagus, salad 
So I cooked at Thanksgiving and I wasn't about to do it for Christmas.  I wanted to go out and eat, drink, and be merry so we got reservations at Verona Chophouse for 11:15 on Christmas day.   This was our first visit and overall it really was a good experience.  If I'm being honest, my review is more of a 3.5.  They open at 11:00 and we got there around 11:05.  We were about 5th in line to get in.  One drawback was standing in line next to the Fairy's Mist or Bounty or some shit slot machine while Ol Lady Wild Turkey smokes her Kool 100s and waves them around and cackles about the good deals she got in Laughlin.  Good Lord....  We were seated right on time.  The selections on the buffet were nice.  Some stand-outs were the prime rib, scalloped potatoes, bacon, and scrambled eggs.  I didn't go near the salad section, but it looked good and fresh from where I stood getting my plate full of bacon and eggs.  For $30 apiece I didn't think it was too bad of a value, but a cheap mimosa thrown in would have been nice.  The only thing that wasn't good on the buffet was the cubed sweet potatoes.  They were only about half cooked and had NO flavor.  A chef-type person kept walking around surveying the scene and I can't believe those sweet potatoes were put out.  Not good at all.    We also didn't use the omelet station, but we sat very close to it and it appeared that the young woman cooking was very friendly and fast and the omelets looked good.  I wasn't going to go near the dessert area, but there were a couple of things I just could not resist.  They had mini cannolis and then some small tartlets with what tasted like a peanut butter mousse.  Delicious!    Their patio area is so lovely and next time I want to be sure to sit out there if weather permits.  Our server was very attentive and friendly too.  There was one snafu I think with some of the staff trying to light one of those heaters outside or something because suddenly there was some screaming and I wondered if I needed to grab my knife and hit the deck, but it was something to do with the heater I think.  I can see what other reviewers say about the servers.  Most appear to be just fine, but I think they could take the professionalism up a notch.  This is a nice place, and they should treat it as such.  Not that they were bad, but those that have been there probably know what I mean.  When we walked in we noticed the wine bar area looked really nice.  I think next time we'll try to snag a table in there.  I am optimistic that when we go back we'll have another good experience.~potatoes, bacon, salad bacon potatoes. butter 
If I could rate zero stars, I would. This is the first time Yelp has failed us dearly. Awful service (the headchef sat us?), and the menu isn't even close to what is actually served. When we finally got our appetizer, "heirloom tomatoes" really meant hothouse tomatoes. When the soup showed up about 30 minutes later it good, the salad was not. Fast forward another 45 minutes when dinner arrives: what I expected to be something along the lines of chicken scampi arrives as chicken parmesan on a bed of spaghetti and tasted like cardboard smothered in tomato paste.   I'm not one to rate low by any means, but both Yelp and Verona failed us this evening. The only thing worth coming for was the wine. I hope Sunday brunch is better, but after this scouting event, chances are I'm not going to find out.~salad chicken chicken spaghetti tomato 
The only reason this place gets two stars is because of the food.  We were there June 6, and around 830PM, we decided to walk in the Verona Restaurant, since we wanted a nice dinner for my husband's birthday. The hostess that sat us promptly was gracious, and said someone would be there shortly with water.  We waited about 5 minutes for water. Our waiter Peter must of been having an off night, or support staff wasn't there. I cannot think of too many reasons for how were treated during our meal there.  First of all, the ambiance of the restaurant is nice, the booths just a bit nicer with the nice leather seating. The ceiling has a nice alabaster light, but it seemed to be right on our table. Perhaps at a later hour they dim the lights? Before we were even acknowledged by Peter, our waiter, or anyone with a glass a water was probably a good 5-6 minutes after we sat down. At least get a person a glass of water.  When Peter came over, we had plenty of time to review the menus, as the hostess had given those when we first sat down. Peter ran through the menu, offered to get drinks. My husband decided on water, and I requested a cup of coffee with cream. We placed our order, hubby had the NY steak with the Potatoes Rustica, and I had the 8oz Ribeye with Baby Vegetables(broccalini).  The redeeming quality of this place WAS the food. I had to ask for my coffee again, I was just about done with dinner. We were NEVER EVEN ASKED ONCE HOW OUR FOOD WAS. NOT ONCE.  I am so disappointed in this place. I thought we might of found a nice, dress up nice and have a celebration dinner, as my husband wanted a casino night for his birthday. It seemed our bread came late... while the rolls are good, you get a couple, I hesitated to even think of asking for any more.  Our water glasses were never refilled(glasses completely OUT of water), wait-staff never asked how things went with us.... ANYTHING to acknowledge that we were even there. I believe it was the manager that refilled our glasses about 5 minutes before we left.  Perhaps we weren't high-rollers? I don't know the answer to that one. I do know that the party next to us, had a wonderful waitress, and she communicated with them. We never asked for anything out of the ordinary, we were dressed appropriately for a nice restaurant, and we have dined in nice places before, and never been treated so poorly.  We never demanded anything, didn't order something not on the menu, we weren't demanding in any way shape or form.    WAIT! We asked for bread after the salad arrived, maybe that was it?? We had been there around 30-35 minutes when we requested bread..We almost had consumed the salad and from experience, you usually will get a selection of bread. Although, once the bread arrived, Stephen did an awesome job preparing the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. It was good.  I think that perhaps they realized that things were basically not salvageable, as Peter said when he dropped off the dinner check, and hurried off, "the coffee is free" said as he passed by the table. Weird.  I wouldn't go back to the restaurant. I had hoped for a place where you are treated well, and the food good.  I have to say that the prices, I thought we reasonable, my 8OZ  Ribeye was 17, with one side included. We ordered an In Casa Ensalta(sp) - 8- which was pretty good.   The food isn't the problem, at least not on June 6, 2009, it was either the staffing wasn't sufficent - it should've of been... It was Saturday night. They should expect more diners on a weekend night, and staff accordingly.~coffee steak coffee salad salad olive coffee 
Had a great meal here, the shrimp carbonara pasta is fantastic, shrimp is fresh and pasta is cooked just right. My friend ordered the porterhouse, which is good and of a big size :) Nice environment and warm service.~shrimp pasta shrimp pasta 
This review is for the Sunday Jazz Brunch Buffet.  This past Sunday I got together with Mike C, Rand H and Arlin B for this wonderful brunch.    Technically I'd give this review 4.5 stars - if you are a small party (less than 8) they try and seat you in one of those half oval booths.  It would be nice and comfortable for a sit down meal, but makes getting in and out for a buffet a little more difficult.  Fortunately they were able to accommodate us with a small table.  The Sun buffet brunch is reasonably priced at $19.99 and includes coffee, tea and soft drinks.  Orange juice is $2 extra and mimosa's are $5.  But don't let that stop you from coming here for the food.  They have a nice selection of italian deli meats, cheeses, roasted veggies and more items for salad.  The roasted veggies were really good and a nice touch from raw and/or overcooked veggies you find other places.  Compared to other brunch buffets the selections aren't as many, but I think the quality is far above the rest.  The star of the meal was the prime rib; and not just a tiny thin slice, they will slice it nice and thick at your request.  They offer a creamy horseradish sauce with it, but it needed more horseradish as it tasted mostly like sour cream.  The scalloped potatoes were fantastic and the peas with pearl onions and bacon rounded out the plate.  Delicious!!  The have an omelet station but after the prime rib, that would have been overkill.  A small selection of okay desserts rounded out the meal.   The room is dark wood, just as you might expect in a steak house - and they have a lovely outside seating area as well.  I think if it were 5-10 degrees warmer, I would much rather have sat outside.  I love the jazz duet, they weren't too loud and it was a nice accompaniment to our meal.  I'm definitely looking forward to coming back here again!~coffee, tea salad. horseradish horseradish sour cream. peas bacon steak 
I came here from brunch yesterday with Sarah H and was delightfully surprised.  I knew it wouldn't be as good as Talking Stick, but it comes close.  (And it's cheaper!)  I enjoyed more than my fair share of shrimp cocktail, an omelet filled with crab, a couple slices of prime rib, chicken with mole, poached salmon and then there were desserts...  Lemon cake, chocolate covered strawberries, pumpkin cheesecake and sugar cookies.  All this for only $20!~shrimp chicken salmon lemon cake, pumpkin cookies. 
After reading the Yelp reviews, we had been looking forward to trying this place. We were not disappointed.  We had dinner there on a weeknight. Eventually we'll get around to trying the Sunday brunch everyone raves about. I had the ribeye and my wife had the rack of lamb. Everything was excellent, though the steak was better without the sauce the put on it. Next time I'll ask them to leave it off.   Service was excellent, though we were there on a very slow night, so I cannot judge what it might be like on a Saturday or during their popular brunch.   Prices were high, but actually less than I expected for the quality. With drinks and tip we spent about $80 for the two of us. But it was a rare date for us, so I did not mind too much.   In all, it was a good experience.~lamb. steak date 
So the BF was going to take me out to celebrate my new job (yay!), but forgot one tiny detail....where we were going..... nice. So now it's 7 o clock on a Friday night and we have no reservations and everywhere we call has at least an hour wait....So I take over this situation and used Yelp power to find this place, which was lucky because they had open reservations and were very good.   The people who work here really know what they are doing. They are both friendly and professional. Our waiter Vinnie was great, he made very good suggestions when asked for them and was attentive. Additionally, their prices are extremely reasonable for the type of food offered and the restaurant has a nice atmosphere...very romantic (despite being in a casino). They make all of their pasta in house which is great, but it's kind of weird because they have a lady locked in a little red box with full length windows so you can watch her make pasta. I don't know how happy that would make me....but it is cool to see. Anyway, off of my tangent, we started with soup and salad (it comes with the meal) and they were good. I had the minestrone and, at first, I didn't like it because it was a bit thin, but after a few bites it was really good! The BF had the caesar salad with dressing on the side (he can't eat caesar dressing, but I can!) and it too was tasty. For mains, I had the filet (at Vinnie's recommendation) and it was really good. It is a filet on top of a 'risotto cake' aka fried cheesy goodness with spinach, mushrooms, and a balsamic glaze on it. I ordered the filet medium well because I am a crazy person about rare meat, but this kitchen sure knows how to cook a steak. It almost fell apart...so tender, not chewy at all, and had a lot of flavor. The BF got the porterhouse and it was good (but mine was better). I don't think he would order it again, only because other things on the menu are better, although It did come with the most buttery and tasty fingerling potatoes... really tasty. Again at Vinnie's recommendation (I'm glad he put up with me....), we got the ricotta cheesecake for dessert along with coffee. It was 4$ (for real?!?!) and it was soooo goood. It was creamy and sweet without being overly sweet. It had chocolate and caramel on it with raspberry (?) sauce underneath, fresh berries on the side, and a perfect quenelle (I totally had to look up that spelling... teehee) of whipped cream....and not just like redi-whip or something, but a thick, home made (tasting at least) whipped cream.    Ready for the most surprising part? All of this food was 58$! That is crazy for the amount of steak we had. I would definitely come back here (maybe next time I'll try the lamb...mmmm).~pasta pasta. salad ( salad cake' spinach, mushrooms, steak. potatoes... coffee. caramel steak lamb... 
After two meals at Verona, my verdict is not good.  The first meal included a sumtuous soup of basil, cream, rice and chicken, it was a home run. The caesar salad was way above average, and although the pasta under the Chicken Parm was so over cooked it was inedible, the chicken itself was great. On that visit almost all the food was great, but the service was amaturish at best. My server was nice, but had no idea how to deliver a fine dining experience, from steps of service, verbage, and timing it was all just so much less then I expected it to be.  Based on the teriffic food I decided to go back for what seemed like well priced steaks, the awsome cibata bread and butter, and that great Caeser salad.  The Basil chicken soup wasnt available so I opted for the Ministroni soup, This soup was flavorless and almost raw. The pasta, carrots, and beans were under cooked and the broth was clear. The soup only tasted like the fistfull of fresh basil that was on top. Two bites into my Ceasear salad I had to pull a fine blond hair from my mouth, and the love affair with this salad was over.   Then the steak, it a was huge Porterhouse that was requested medium yet served med-rare it could have used a few extra minutes on the grill and not served at the same time as my salad. For the most part the steak was tender, but had an odd flavor, kinda like an old peice of meat, not like aged beef, which I doubt it was based on the price. Being under cooked and the odd flavor the steak wasnt as enjoyable as I hoped. The service was ok this time around, but nobody goes to a Chop House for OK service.  Although the manager offered to buy me dessert because of the hair in the salad, I paid for that caesar salad I didnt eat, and that hair remained on my bread plate til I left.  I like Lone Butte and I had a lucky visit to the casino, so my odds on returning to Verona are likely. It's gonna be a roll of the dice to see if they double down with both taste and service next time.~chicken, salad pasta chicken chicken steaks, butter, salad. chicken pasta, salad salad steak, salad. steak beef, steak salad, salad 
LOVE IT! One of the best breakfast buffets I have been to. The jazz band is so unique that it makes it better than some of the Vegas buffet experiences.  Unlike Vegas you don't have ro stand in a 45 minute line to get a seat. When I came we were immediately seated. We ate our meal inside and enjoyed the band. Since it was a beautiful day, we had our deseert in their outside area. Really enjoyed my visit. If you are a fan of hot tea, they have a large selection of teas. They will bring you the tray so you can choose any one you want.~tea, 
I'm torn on this one.  The service was great.  The ambiance is nice.  The gal playing keyboard and occasionally singing was enjoyable.  The food was great (bread, salad with yummy basil dressing (no pancetta for me) and a porterhouse steak with fingerling potatoes and asparagus).  Price was reasonable.   However, having to walk through the terribly smoky casino to get in and out was HORRIBLE.  I must be allergic to smoke as my throat was not just itchy I could actually feel it swelling up.  My hair and clothes smelled so bad they had to be washed and I needed a shower right afterwards.  I will for sure not go back.~salad steak asparagus) 
We have visited Lone Butte Casino multiple times and we have dined at the Verona Chophouse.  The menu selection is limited and the quality of food has gone down hill each time.  The salad the first few times was delicious but we noticed and oily after taste that left us feeling sick the next day.  This last time we went we wanted to try the salad again but asked for some vinegar to help cut down the oily basil dressing they use.  No Vinegar was provided only more of the oily Basil Dressing.  My husbands Salmon was so overcooked even the Mgr. agreed he would not have eaten it.  The Mgr. ordered a new Salmon to be made, It came out looking great but was raw in the middle.  So salads went back to the kitchen as well as my husband's dinner.  We will not be going back and would not recommend anyone to waste your money.  It is not a warm friendly atmosphere and the cooks, servers as well as Mgr. need to be trained in food preparation and presentation.  Choose the Cafe if you need to eat at the Casino. We have a platinum card so we are regulars at the Casino  and not tourists.  Needless to say what could have been a very nice dinner out turned out to be totally frustrating.~salad salad salmon salmon salads 
Going to make this quick. Left the house looking for something new. Jen wanted a burger. We drove to the Lone Butte Casino as we had never been. Walked the floor a bit looking around and came across the Verona Chophouse. Dark and brown with a quiet rustic feel. If it wasnt for the soft ringing of slot machines they probably could have charged double. We sat in the bar at the only table. A four seated high top surrounded by 8 glass chilling cabinets for wine. It was pretty cool actually and for not having reservations it was actually a better table than with the masses of blue hairs in the main dining room, lol. Although they did have a jazz trio playing mellow tunes that we could hear but not see out there.   To the food. Pretty simple menu. But oh so lovely. Jen order the Veal Chop and I the Filet. Check out the pic. Jen's was the size of her fist. My filet was slightly smaller but I still was grateful that I had taken my belt off in the car, lol. (No joke)  No dessert or appetizer necessary we were stuffed. We sampled each other's dinner and OMG, both cooked perfectly and tender oh so tender. Regardless if you like to gamble, come here to eat. Our meals with salad, bread, and drinks,........only $75!  Food was 5 star restaurant worthy. I will definitely come back and rave about it to my friends.~burger. brown salad, 
We went there for the first time on Saturday and were very pleased with the service.  We ordered the fillet and a chicken parmesan.  The steak was fantastic, but the chicken parm was a bit overcooked.  Overall a very good experience, good atmosphere and service.  Oh yeah, prices... very reasonable!  We'll be back~chicken steak chicken 
Ive been twice now and keep forgetting to add my two cents.  Had fairly low expectations as you don't hear much about Verona Chophouse and I've lived in the area for about 20 years.  I am always leery about "upscale" casino restaurants as most are really hit and miss - especially those in Vegas with celebrity chefs' names attached to them.    Our first trip was well beyond our expectations, starting with a salad that appeared to be plucked from someone's garden to the perfectly cooked and seasoned filet.  The service was perfect, but a little odd in a good way.  We expected a refined and polished server with a side of arrogance, typical for a joint like this and what we got was a "motherly" type woman who was not only attentive and knowledgeable but also caring and went out of her way to make us comfortable with a bit of a dry sense of humor.  What a nice change of pace!   Second trip demonstrated that the first wasn't a fluke.  I opted for the Veal Chop and my wife the Filet.  This time the Filet was unimpressive and a little smallish and perhaps overdone, but the Veal Chop was outstanding.  It was huge and so well-prepared that I had a hard time feeling sorry for my wife's sub-standard cut of beef.  Thankfully it was big enough for us to share and we both left satisfied.  The service was again fantastic and we were taken care of by another woman who valued delivering real service and comfort over playing the stereotypical server role.  This trip we noticed the doors to the beautiful outdoor patio were open and a band of some sort was getting ready to play.    Sidenote: We originally chose the Chophouse because Shula's at another casino just a few miles away was booked.  It is really hard for us to find value in Shula's after dining at Verona Chophouse.  Sure Shula's can be great, but by my estimation, you will pay about 30-40% more there and you could still get an average meal and crappy service  AND there is no way in hell Shula's could make a Veal Chop as good as Verona.~salad beef. 
The Better Half and I had dinner here recently.  We were excited to give it a try.  We ordered:  Fried Ravioli, $8 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=Cb5qWTxGOT-CTNHRd_Cuow http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=8SLMGwC5pH0GiMsjM-pT9w  Salad, $3 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=jhtp-tVJy5UzPsx55WUs2Q  Onion Soup, $3 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=5Dyslao6BSIQ0VxV1_Z9pQ  Rigatoni Al Forno (Italian Sausage, Mushrooms, Peppers, Red Onions, $16) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=US3FGoiG1caGrHhaFRgZTw  Filet, $24 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=ajrFcMCfbTBkt_A-qPCoHQ  Side of Spaghetti, $3 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=Q7bhq4rZOvCuZuvQdHrcPw  Cheesecake, $4 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5TXQxcwEfqzBDbMq2zmBPQ?select=u4L7008Zsgwss-u8uvih9w  The Fried Ravioli was just OK.  It was very oily and was a little bland.  Not what I expected from this dish....looked a little undercooked or the fryer's temperature was too low.  The Salad and Onion Soup was pretty good.  Onion Soup was full of flavor.  I had the Filet and thought it was a little tough....the flavor was good, but the Filet was not tender like I'm use to.  The Better Half had the Rigatoni and gave me a little to sample.  It was just OK too....the Sausage tasted more like a Kielbasa rather than an Italian Sausage....not what I expected.  The side of Spaghetti was decent, but again nothing spectacular.  The Cheesecake was very good....nice and fluffy.  The service was a little spotty.  Our server disappeared for long stretches....which was odd because there were only 3 tables in the entire restaurant with people dining.....what he was doing was beyond me.  Overall, it was an average experience.  Not what we were expecting from a joint like this.  Maybe we caught them on a bad day?  Return Factor - 40%~salad, onion sausage, mushrooms, spaghetti, salad onion onion sausage sausage.... spaghetti 
I visited for Jazz Brunch last Sunday, and will definitely be back! Most everything was incredibly fresh and flavorful.  The only less than perfect items were the bacon and sausage.  Pretty much tasteless.  But - the Italian sausage with peppers and onions in red sauce made up for that, IMHO. I barely touched any of the salad fixings - but they were well presented and looked super-fresh. Made to order omelettes and a prime rib carving station are expected staples at brunches - and Verona does them well. My super exciting suprise finds:  rum balls and Bailey's creme stuffed French Toast.  For a girl who doesn't do well with dairy, I decided it would be worth the price I'd be paying later.  I was right! :) The chocolate dipped strawberries were among the best I've had. As usual, I ate way too much.  Just a couple bites of this and a taste of that add up way too fast and make 2 big plates of food!  Eeek!  Definitely a good brunch, whether you're a gambler or not. And to make it better, note that Happy Hour is ALL DAY Sunday in the casino.  Half price on well, house wine and beer. Bloody Mary was $3.10 at the bar, $6.20 ordered at the table.  Get there early and get your drink on!  The jazz duo (vocals and piano) was well suited for the room.  Non invasive and the singer had a nice Diana Krall thing going for her.  I know it was a nice brunch, because five days later, I'm still happy about it and I lost way more money than I planned on in the casino after we ate. :)~bacon sausage. sausage salad french toast. 
Just got back from the Sunday jazz brunch  Every Sunday Brunch Buffet $20 per person Live jazz music  SCORE!  I thought the food was fantastic!  Not bellagio great, but definitely tasty and well worth the $20  I had prime rib, paella, shrimp, a custom  omelet, kahlua french toast.... pastries.... chocolate dipped strawberries.... yummmmmmmmmmm  So yes, I shall return.  Love it.~paella, shrimp, french toast.... pastries.... 
This is a hidden gem of Chandler!  Hand made pasta. Good service. Super decent prices. Nice patio.  I've been here several times and I always leave happy. When you have good food and good service for a great price, nothing can go wrong.  I've tried the filet, caesar salad, minestrone soup, mushroom fettucini, spaghetti with meatballs, everything has always been above average.   They also have a good wine selection with good pricing.  It seems that they use the restaurant to attract gamblers but oh well, so be it.  The only down side is that the restaurant is in the back so you have to walk to the casino and get your dose of second hand smoke which the truth being said, is not bad at all.  Cheers!  PS Just a sad note. By a reason that still beyond my understanding (specially because this rule doesn't apply and Wildhorsepass), kids are not allowed (I believe it's 21 and older)~pasta. salad, mushroom spaghetti 
Just finished an amazing anniversary dinner. Braised beef was amazing. My wife had the porterhouse and loved it.  When you go ask to seated in Heather's section. She is the most friendly and best waitress I have ever had!!~beef 
Never again. Our server had no knowledge of the menu items when we asked questions. She took our drink order and did not come back, we finally flagged her down and asked if we could order and get our drinks because we had a show to be to. She claimed she put our drink order in and that someone else was responsible for bringing them out, not her. We got our appetizers and they were tasty, but we waited and waited and our entrees never arrived. At this point we had been seated for almost 2 hours. We tried to get someones attention but kept being ignored. Finally we spoke to a manager, and the manager informed us that they were extremely busy and that they would not have our entrees ready before we had to leave to make it to the show. They brought our desserts and we quickly ate them before rushing out without dinner...  My biggest complaint is that everyone from the server to the manager pointed fingers and made up excuses rather than fixing the problems. Apparently 2 hours isn't long enough to serve dinner to a table of 4.~appetizers 
My partner and I decided we wanted a steak and wanted to try a new place. We decided on Verona Chophouse because I don't remember having a bad steak at a Casino! Anyways, we were seated right away. The ambiance was a pleasant surprise. It was dark, somewhat elegant, and there was a piano man. Our server was nice but sloooow. It took about 10 minutes to receive our drinks. I seen them at sitting at the bar and was very close to walking over and getting our drinks. We both got the 8 oz Filet-medium, I got the sauteed Spinach and my girlfriend got a baked potato. Our server brought us warm bread with oil, balsamic vinegar, pepper, and parmesan. I didn't particularly care for the balsamic vinegar and I normally really like it. Anyways, we enjoyed our view (an outdoor like setting with chairs and fireplaces separates another restaurant). Our food arrived, our waters were refilled and we began eating.  My initial bite was not good. It was too crunchy, dry and tasted old (probably too cooked). As I got to the middle it was like a different steak. It was perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth. I ate the entire thing because it cost $23, so I wasn't leaving anything. The spinach was delicious. Overall, the place was good, the ambiance was great the service mediocre.   One more thing..it didn't seem smokey or noisy at all for being in a casino. The booth we were in was "broken" the seat was sinking so we just moved over...~steak steak spinach baked potato 
We had a wonderful 1st experience tonight, thanks to Daniel, our server, and Ashley, dining room manager...both of whom were very helpful and attentive.  The kitchen backed them up with excellent food and desserts.  We didn't have any pre-conceived notions or expectations but found this restaurant inside Lone Butte Casino to be worthy of our repeat business.  I had the parmesan crusted chicken and my wife had the short ribs, both were prepared and presented perfectly.  The creme brulee and chocolate cake were also amazing finishes to our dining experience.~chicken chocolate cake 
Wow, this place has to be one of the worst dining experiences I've ever experienced.  This restaurant is trying to have the upscale steakhouses status.  I've had better steaks at Sizzler, no offense Sizzler.  The 8 of us went out on a Friday night to celebrate.  The restaurant was pretty dead and it took 2 1/2 hours to get out of there.  We waited forever to get drinks and to top it all off the steaks looked cheap and had very little flavor.  I had to ask for A-1 Steak Sauce.  lol.  We spoke to the manager regarding the slow service and he could care less.  All of us were very disappointed and we will NEVER go there again.~steaks steaks steak 
Been here for both the brunch and dinner.  Had dinner there tonight...great server (funny too).  We started with some bread - which was very hot and fresh.  Next, a Caesar's salad and a House Salad.  Both were delicious and very well put together.  The house salad had baby tomatoes, red onion, fresh parmesan, etc...  Main dishes: Rib Eye and Pollo al Mattone, sides: baked potato (sour cream, butter) and broccolini.  Everything was done perfectly and tasted heavenly.  Can't wait to visit Verona's again!~salad salad. salad onion, baked potato 
The only reason we even tried this restaurant was all the positive Yelp reviews. Actually, that's not the only reason - also my parents were in town and my mom loves going to the casino and Lone Butte is the closest one to my house. Even though I had read the reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. The four of us had a very tasty meal that did not break the bank in a casual atmosphere and we got to play a little afterwards.  The calamari appetizer was absolutely delicious! It was not overcooked at all, just a light breading with some peppers mixed in to give it flavor and was served with a ample amount of tomato based dipping sauce. I ordered the rack of lamb after reading Jason L.'s review and was not disappointed. Perfectly cooked with a wonderfully sweet sauce. It was way too much food for me so I only ate about half of it that night but the hubby enjoyed the leftovers the next day. I ordered it with the mushrooms which I thought were a bit dry and not really very good but my mom liked them. I did sample some of my husband's mashed potatoes and I thought they were fantastic so I will definitely get that as my side dish if we go back. He also enjoyed his steak and my parents liked their seafood dishes. For dessert we all shared the tiramisu. It was not a traditional tiramisu with the soggy cookies or cake layered in; instead it was a rich mousse that was served with a lovely presentation in a martini glass with small (still crispy) ladyfingers sticking out. I also had a cappuccino after dinner and was very impressed with the quality... it was done in the traditional Italian style with super strong espresso with no milk mixed in and a thick layer of foam on top. Fantastic! I was also impressed with the wine list. They had a great variety but a lot of bottles were very reasonably priced.   If I am going to go out for steak, I usually prefer a bit more of a high-class place just because I like to get dressed up when we do a date night. However, even though most of the patrons in the restaurant were the traditional casino-goers (old men in Hawaiian shirts accompanied by grannies in polyester that smell heavily of tobacco smoke and bengay) and the decor was a little worn with the typical tacky casino carpeting and gaudy art on the walls I still thought it wasn't too bad of a place as far as the ambiance. We enjoyed the piano player and singer - she was amazing - but I do wish that they didn't have a speaker since it makes the music a bit too loud for comfortable conversation. But maybe they do that to cover up the ding-ding-ding from the slot machines that are just steps outside the door...~tomato lamb mushrooms steak cookies cake milk steak, date 
Ok, I have to hand it to Verona.  I said I would NEVER go back to this place after I went there several times in 2011 and it was awful service and food.  However, it appears they DID make some significant changes that cause me to update and upgrade my review since the last one (1 star on 8/15/11).  Plus, my friend had said that the place was pretty good now and convinced me to give it another try.   Had dinner here last night with a girlfriend and we sat at the bar.  Ordered a great bottle of pinot noir and then ordered dinner.  We both started with the house salad - delicious.  Goat cheese, greens and a great dressing that was light.  I had the chicken parmesan and she had the filet.  Both were amazing!!  The filet was huge and melted in your mouth.  The chicken parmesan was also a big serving but YUMMMMY!  The best part is we were able to use mostly comps to pay for it all, making it even better - FREE.  Nicely done, Verona.  I will be back.~salad - cheese, greens chicken chicken 
If Verona Chophouse had a theme song it would be "So Fresh, So Clean" by Outkast. This place was amazing, truly immaculate. Flawless table décor and settings,  highly organized number system, beautiful swan ice sculpture, a true treat for the eyes. I had searched around for weeks looking for the perfect and affordable Mother's Day brunch, and  I hit the mother load with  Verona.   The service was superb, we were given drinks right away and never was my champagne glass empty. Our server had perfect timing, bringing the check just as we finished and promptly returning.   The food (oh gawd the food) was unbelievable. I was so impressed with the freshness, variety and quality of all the options. I won't detail everything but to give you an idea of the different offerings:  * Salad Bar, 10 types of cheeses, tightly wrapped meats, tons of different crackers, every veggie imaginable  * Breakfast offerings of different egg and potato dishes, bacon, sausages, chicken, grilled asparagus, huge assortment of breads  * Carving station with Prime Rib and Filet Mignon   * Omelet Bar  made to order and the chef was able to prepare in under 3 minutes!  * Seafood bonanza! Shrimp, crab legs, lobster, clams, mussels, spicy cocktail sauce  *Dessert Bar with fresh pastries, kabobs of fruit you could dip in the chocolate fountain  and ice cream with hot peach cobbler and graham topping  All this for 30 bucks..  "Ain't nobody dope as me I'm just so fresh and clean"~salad egg potato bacon, chicken, asparagus, shrimp, pastries, kabobs ice cream peach 
The rat pack would be proud. Live music, great atmosphere, and friendly staff. It was a little Vegas nestled in Gila river casino, chandler az. Who knew?!   I've had $75 steaks, with upsales for salad, veggie, starch, etc....that did not compare to the delicious filet of beef which included , salad, sides for only $24.   I highly recommend!~steaks, salad, beef salad, 
Visited here for the first time, yesterday for Brunch. Everything was fresh and fabulous! I like how they didn't spread themselves too thin and offer too many dishes, which usually compromises on quality and taste.   There were 4 stations - 1) the salad bar, cheese & meats, incredible grilled veggies and shrimp cocktail - 2) omelette bar (which I didn't try but my husband loved it) 3): scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage (which were delicious), garlic home fries (again terrific!) french toast stuffed with cannoli filling(yum!)-followed by a pancetta mac & cheese, an asian chicken dish and prime rib. I usually don't enjoy "buffet" style prime rib but Verona's was very flavorful and enjoyable. 4) Desert - I was actually disappointed by the selections, considering I LOVE chocolate- chocolate was only used as a decorative element. The mini cannoli were really good, however the shells were a bit stale and not as fresh as I usually like them.  The staff was very attentive and had a great eye for detail. There was always someone refilling dishes or tidying things up. The food was surprisingly very good and fresh and we plan on going back.  The only downside is if you are not a smoker, just walking through the casino to get to and from Verona's - my clothes and my hair had that horrible "casino aroma" of cigarette smoke. Luckily, Verona Chophouse is smoke-free and did not have such a smell.~salad cheese & shrimp bacon, sausage ( garlic fries ( french toast cheese, chicken 
Sunday Brunch was awesome! I wish the jazzband was located outside, or if they had their own little section it would be much better and not in the diner's ears... but other than that, the food was great, I wish they had a better "lunch" part to their Brunch, but hey! the chocolate covered strawberries and massive cream puffs made me happy!  not to mention, the goodies hidden between all the other dishes like grilled veggies, delicious Spanish olives and Vanilla Cream stuffed French Toast!  :D Chicken and salmon dish need some help in the spice department, but I loved everything else! Great place for brunch dates, anniversaries (Dinner), and any special occasion! ;D~french toast! chicken salmon 
Burger King is and has always been my favorite fast food placce mainly because of that charcoal flavor in all the burgers. When you see a burger king and you're hungry, stop there an try it. They're for the most part all great places for a quick snack!~burger burgers. burger 
I was looking around for a fast place to get a bit to eat so I saw burger king... Plus I had a coupon for 2 whoopers and 2 small fries for $4.99 so I decided to give it a try. I enter to find no one at the counter I stood there for about 5 minutes before anyone came to wait on me... Someone finally came to the front and said how can I help you? I handed her the coupon and said I will have this... Ok cheese is extra I said that's fine that will be $14.27 I was like what that must be some expensive cheese. She says opps forgot to use the coupon I will give you cash back I said cool... So now I have to wait till she trys to figure out how much money to give me back with a super puzzled look she hands me back 1 dollar and 5 dimes... That his point I think I am in another world lol... I said you charged me $14.27 she says oh yeah at this point I am watching mind shut down the manager comes over at this point and try's to fix it I had keep the $1.50 on the counter I slid it back and said you take this money back and just redo it. So after all that she hands me back $7.10 I not even sure if that right lol... Plus there was a random hamburger in my bag looks like another fun Burger King adventure... I will not be back anytime soon or maybe I will your now entering the "Burger Zone" where people are over charged and random burgers appear in your bag.~burger fries cheese cheese. burger burger burgers 
Ordered chicken sandwich lettuce was moldy and wilted. I don't know if chicken had been under headlamp all day or if it was just extremely overlooked.  The fries were also stale.  Service was slow!!!~chicken sandwich lettuce chicken fries 
I'm not a big fast food eater and I'm not a big fan of Burger King because I worked there during my senior year in high school.  I have to give this location 3 stars because of the following:   The food is cooked and made to order.  It's fresh! !!  Fresh food at a fast food restaurant is like an urban legend these days but I've visited this establishment twice and each time my order was made to order.~burger 
As a treat for my sweet pea we stopped here on the way to cub scouts last week.  Well, I won't lie.  I was also craving a garden burger.  We got there and the man taking our order was very nice but while there was only one other customer in the restaurant, it took us 18 minutes to get our food.  That's just ridiculous.~burger. 
Local to AZ but still like to go to this bar inside the Hyatt and feel like I'm on vacation. They have great drinks and appetizers and even full meals. They also let you order from the sushi bar in the hotel and will deliver it for you to your table. Wide variety for everyone and a great place to sit and take in the beauty of AZ~appetizers sushi 
Good Coffee and I have tried various latte's that have always been enjoyable to drink. Seating both outside and indoors with upstairs being more spacious. Friendly staff with a relaxed atmosphere.~coffee 
Great coffee and nice cakes! I really enjoy having a nice coffee and a chinwag upstairs in Costa as the seats are more comfortable upstairs. The atmosphere is relaxing and the coffee well made. You can expect the usual range of coffees and cold drinks and good service from the staff.~coffee coffee coffee 
Located at the northeast corner of Steeles and Markham Road, this No Frills can get somewhat busy, but I found the cashiers to be quite efficient in their processing.  The produce section can get quite disorganized, as shown by when I was finding grapes, there were some that were lying on the countertop...eww. All the other sections are relatively stable in terms of their upkeep.  This No Frills is about 70% South Asian in terms of customer traffic, consistent with the neighbourhoods the store serves.~grapes, 
As I went to pay for my groceries my younger brother opened a kinder egg.  The lady in line behind me brought it to my attention. I apologized to the cashier and told her I'd pay for it.   The cashier then began to give me attitude and told me that I should do a better job at watching my brother. The cashier on the other lane, left what she was doing and began to raise her voice at me and told me that I have to pay for it whether I liked it or not. Not once did I refuse to pay. The cashier at my lane then goes threatening my younger brother and told him that he's going to jail!! The other cashier then goes laughing and tells her, "You actually think he's going to believe you?"  All of this for what? A 6 year old boy opened a $0.99 chocolate egg?~egg. egg? 
Best Indian I've ever had in my ENTIRE life! I've been to many Indian places around the globe and none were as good as Indian Palace. They have wonderful staff, fluent in English and German, and they are very attentive to your needs. My husband and I always order the same thing: mango lakis, chicken curry, and mataar paneer-and of course the garlic naan bread! I get mine the highest spicy level (4) and it's perfect for me-but I like things spicy and hot! You can always make it hotter-that's what the waiter told me. We always over order and have to take ours home! We love this place and the atmosphere and we come here regularly!~mango chicken paneer- garlic 
This place seems to just get better and better.  I just had the Masala vegetable curry.  It's not on the menu, but worth asking for!  My colleague said the lamb was great and swooned over the butter nan.  It's also more much popular now too, but the service is still fast and friendly.~vegetable curry. lamb butter 
Mittagstisch für 6 Euro. Das ist ein sehr fairer Preis. Dafür gibt es 3 verschiedene Saucen: Vegetarisch (hat echt nicht gut geschmeckt, Tofu mit seltsamer Konsistenz / Geschmack und Kartoffeln), Linsen (war schon okay) und eine mit Gemüse & Hühnchen (die war sehr sehr lecker leider auch immer schnell leer). Dazu gibts Reis, Blattsalat und eine Suppe. Alles all you can eat oder nennen wirs lieber Buffet. Für den Preis war das Essen echt in Ordnung.  Wer mittags was Warmes im Magen haben will, kann hier ruhig vorbeischauen  man sollte sich vom äußeren EIndruck und der etwas abgeschiedeneren Lage nicht abschrecken lassen. Vegetariern kann ich aber eher abraten. Die Bedienung ist aber sehr sehr freundlich und  wie bereits erwähnt  die Preise sind echt fair. Besonders ansässige berufstätige scheinen sich hier den Mittagstisch als Abwechslung zur Kantine zu gönnen. Direkt nebenan ist ja auch die IBM Straße Alles in allem: Kann man mal vorbeischauen wenn man indisch mag und sowieso in der Gegend ist. Wie die Küche abends dann ist, weiß ich aber nicht. Evtl. fände ich etwas Naan-Brot oder etwas mehr Variation am Buffet schön, aber dazu kommen wahrscheinlich nicht regelmäßig genug Gäste. Vorsicht: Die Adresse ist in Sindelfingen! Nicht zu verwechseln mit Böblingen. Dort gibt es nämlich eine Straße mit gleichem Namen irgendwo in einem Wohngebiet~tofu 
6 Jahre bin ich an diesem Restaurant vorbei gefahren und habe es nicht bemerkt. Von außen sieht es leider auch nicht so toll aus. Das war wahrscheinlich der Grund. Ich bin auch ehrlich, ich wäre dort nie essen gegangen, wenn nicht die Bewertungen hier so gut gewesen wären. Das Ambiente ist schön, ein wenig indisch eingerichtet, aber nicht zu viel. Es riecht schon deutlich nach indischer Küche wen man eintritt. Ich fand das sehr angenehm.  Die Karte bietet einiges, aber auch Menüs für zwei Personen, welche einem die Auswahl einfach machen. Wir haben ein Menü genommen. Das Menü lies sich auch auf 3 Personen erweitern.  Das Essen war sehr lecker und auch frisch zubereitet. Das macht schon viel aus. Auch die Qualität der Waren ist aus meiner Sicht hochwertig. Das Mango Lassi als Klassiker war gut.  Alles in allem würde ich das Indian Palace als etwas teuerer einstufen, da einige Gerichte schon ordentlich zu Buche schlagen, ich erkläre mir dies einfach durch die Qualität die eingesetzt wird.  Einen Stern ziehe ich definitiv wegen des Service ab. Wir mussten wirklich sehr lange warten bis die Suppe kam und bis abgeräumt wurde. Das war für mein Gefühl deutlich zu lange. Aber sehr freundlich.  Wir werden sicher dort immer mal wieder essen, bzw. auch etwas holen.~mango lassi 
Butter chicken was great, it came with rice. Make sure to order one naan per person as portions aren't that big. Everyone was friendly, they accepted card, and had wine/beer/cocktail selections. Plenty of free street parking and english menus, but "butter chicken" and most other entrees have the same name in both menus.~butter chicken butter chicken" 
Very good Indian Food! We went in at 2:30 the other day and lunch service had ended, but they were happy to serve us anyway, very nice of them. We had the pashwari and garlic naan, both delicious, along with wonderful basmati and juicy tandoori chicken and chicken curry. I had the chai to drink, which I also enjoyed. Will be going back often now!~garlic basmati chicken chicken 
Wow. This place was delicious! One of my new favorite Indian restaurant. Service was friendly and the food was fresh. I ordered the flat bread with raisins and dried fruit, lamb korma, lamb Marsala, coconut lassi drink. It was yummy! Going back again soon!~lamb lamb coconut lassi 
Excellent Food/ Excellent Service O ordered Take Out/Take Away food- Person I dealt with spoke fluent English and German Food was amazing- I tried the Palak Paneer and basic Chicken Curry both were top shelf Non-Bread is very good here~paneer chicken 
Good stuff.  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala (5 stars), Veggie Pakora (5 stars), garlic nan (4.5 stars) and mango lassi (3.5 stars).  It probably doesn't average to 5 stars, but I weigh the Chicken Tikka masala the most and it was fantastic.  Service was great with really nice folks.~chicken garlic mango lassi ( chicken 
Holy god what a dissapointment.  I used campusfood to order from Taco Heaven..... Campusfood I like.... Taco Heaven should be demoted to Taco Hell.  I ordered a Queen size Barrito and three tacos.  The Baritto was 90% lettuce and about a tablespoon of meet.  At first I thought I ordered a Vegi Barrito by mistake.  I tried three tacos.  The steak, chicken and ground beef.  Honestly I found it difficult to distinguish between them.  None of them had any real tast to speak of.... Kinda like eating chewy air.  Not a chance I will ever order from Taco Heaven ever again.~taco taco taco tacos. lettuce tacos. steak, chicken beef. taco 
So, I have to tell you...  I heard about some "not so good" reviews in the newspaper... but I thought I'd still give them a try.  Absolutely some of the best food I've had in a long time.  I walked in and was instantly greeted by the owner, who actually sat and talked to me for about 20 minutes.  I had the Philly Wrap and it was amazing.  (Yes, even though it's called Taco Heaven, they make a GREAT Philly Wrap!)  ...and if you're looking for an inexpensive place to eat -- this is the place for you, too...  I guess this has taught me that you really can't believe what you read...  if you really want to find out - you need to try it yourself.  Taco Heaven has my vote!~taco taco 
3 stars for effort, 2 stars for execution.  Man, the dollar off coupon would have made the dank nachos taste better.  I got the King Size Burrito.  Even before the burrito reached my table, I saw that it wasn't king size.   It wasn't even big.  It was fair sized, but honestly, that was because of the 13'' tortilla.  There was too much tortilla and not enough filling ingredients.  If you're going to describe a burrito as king sized and stuffed with things, please make it stuffed in a king sized way!  The problem wasn't so much the burrito but rather the expectations of the burrito.  Calling a place HEAVEN, you really have to not only meet but exceed expectations.  Simple things that could have made my burrito better: more beans and rice.  And lime wedges on the side please.  Cost me $7.75.  A friend ordered the Dank Nachos Supreme.  NOT DANK.  He, and I, was expecting the best nachos of our lives, and it was nowhere near that.  Main problems: not enough tortilla chips and too much lettuce.  Shred that lettuce.  Fry more tortillas up.  And please give me some homemade hot salsa.  I need it.  I also need jalapenos.  Where they at?  Cost: $8.25  This ain't taco heaven, this ain't taco hell, this is taco purgatory.~burrito. burrito burrito burrito burrito. burrito lime tortilla chips 
TACO HEAVEN IS CLOSED.  It's a shame they had to go. They had the best tortilla chips I've ever had. In every other regard, though, the food was extremely average. And that's why they ended up going under. The dank nachos were more dank without all the shit on top; most of the food just wasn't memorable.  However, the staff here was the friendliest I've ever dealt with, always giving me stuff free of charge and charging next to nothing for things that weren't even on the menu. They were a bunch of stoners who were so hopeful about the place, and really tried their hardest. They truly had the best customer service in town. I wish them the best and I'm sorry to see them go.~taco tortilla chips 
The worst food i ever had. The owner, feeling that i hated every bite i took, Didnt dare ask us how was the meal and looked at the floor as we walked out, never to return. ....Keep your money and make yourself a grilled cheese at home!~cheese 
Enjoyed my breakfast. Good service, really nice place and decent price with coffee refills. Will come back with friends & families for sure!~coffee 
I went there on Tuesday night and the place was lit as if it was a Friday. I never expected so many people going up on a Tuesday - guest Drake was right.   The decor is pretty nice, and the music is good. I dont know if it's because it was a hip-hop night, or the fact that I look like a white Gucci Mane, but you should expect to get patted down like when you visit your migos in jail.~white 
Solid layout, fair but challenging.  Greens are normally the best in the county, and fast.  Bunkers need work, as they lack sand.  Clubhouse is a doublewide, but they are going to build a real one soon.  Staff is very friendly and the rates are very reasonable.~greens 
Surprisingly challenging course because the greens are guarded well by sand traps and the pin placement on that particular Saturday was difficult.  So yeah, THAT'S WHY I SHOT SO POORLY!  #excuses #excuses  A bigger, better pro-shop is being built out right now so that should be cool.  Bring your own water, the coolers out on the golf course had water but no cups.  Not crowded at all when we came here to play on a Saturday.  It's been awhile, so I can't remember the condition of the course--if it was well-kept, I would have remembered that, similarly, if it was in terrible condition, I would remember that.  So, it falls somewhere in the middle.  $49 weekend morning rounds.    I like it better than Emerald Lakes which is nearby.  dmo out.~greens 
So, friends from overseas kept telling me that I have to try Cinnabon and how amazing their cinnamon rolls are. Whenever I am travelling, my friends keep telling me where to look out for a cinnabon store, but for whatever reason I never made it to one. While traveling from Pittsburgh to Toronto this time, I was happy to see a Cinnabon store at my gate. So of course I had to try one of their classics and order a coffee with it. While the coffee was not the best (but that's not really what they're specialized in), the cinnamon roll was absolutely delicious! I think it took me exactly 5 seconds to eat the whole thing. Now I wouldn't say it's the best cinnamon roll I've ever had either, but it was still 4 stars straight!~coffee coffee 
All the caramel and pecans! If the ooey gooey goodness on top this sweet tasting roll doesn't give you a sugar high...I don't know what will!~caramel 
I agree with some of the others that I first went in for the hype, and yes, some of the stylists are great looking women. I needed a haircut, though, not a date! My first stylist who is gorgeous, ended up leaving after my second cut so I switched to Julia. She is intelligent, attractive, and friendly. Most importantly I always get a good haircut. I live in Little Italy and pass quite a few barber shops along the way to Lady Jane's but I finally found a regular stylist/barber that does a great job and is easy on the eyes!~date! 
Haven't been here in awhile. But I'm glad they are still surviving in -AURORA - this place is nostalgic for me as I grew up in Scarborough and used to love it. Let's keep it real - this place is a comfy 50's diner style eatery. The menu is very huge consisting of all day breakfast foods (if you can think it you can image they have it); sandwiches, salads, fish & chips, roast beef...too many to list - oh yeah of course their famous shaped oblong burgers.  It's a real family kind of place, service is friendly and food comes out fairly quickly however it's never packed when I go so could explain the speediness. My food has always been what I expect from a place like this; nothing fancy ,no frills just good value and good taste, not expensive at all; Nothing over the top. As for my recent visit the signs of an aging diner are starting to show on some of the tables & chairs  (get rid of the duct tape).~salads, chips, beef... burgers. 
Short and sweet today, I've been meaning to review this spot for several weeks as it is my GOTO spot after the gym for a healthy breakfast. I know I know I'm a terrible person for reviewing this chain for a second time BUT the owners here are lovely, the staff is super friendly and this is one of the best run locations of this chain that I have been too - bar none!  My order as of lately has been the Early Bird Special. I tell you one thing you truly don't feel like an old dude until you're up early enough on a weekday for an early bird special. Plus the crowd in there is something to marvel at - Honestly how do the elderly rise this early??? I was in at 8AM and it was packed to the teats....on a Tuesday!!!  I slightly modify my early bird special at a slight extra charge, I opt for the egg white scrambled eggs and turkey bacon with little to no hashbrowns and only a single slice of Rye toast - Ya you wish you were as healthy as me! In fact adding an extra white of egg is an additional charge as well but well worth it in terms of portion size difference for this growing boy.   My only criticism is their coffee. Sure Wimpy's you're a diner but I overheard the staff mention a change in coffee providers and I noticed the difference...hollow flavour, almost plastic....bleghhaaa. please bring back your old brand :)  See you Thursday morning for my bacon and egg whites again :)~egg white bacon rye white egg coffee. coffee bacon egg 
I come to Aurora fairly often. I like the cineplex here. Next door is Wimpy's.  After seeing a movie probably a good two years ago, I was hungry and decided to drop by this restaurant.   As a kid, my dad would drive along Warden Avenue, just south of St. Clair. There's was a Wimpy's, but never visited. That restaurant no longer exists.   Well, I walked into this Wimpy's and you feel like you're in a time warp. It is like it's either the 1950's or 1960's (well before my time, so I'm not completely sure) with red and blue upholstery. Sirius XM 80's music plays in the background. I don't mind, as I listen to that channel all the time.   You are free to sit wherever you please. Staff here are always friendly and the service is wonderful.   I tend to order the hot turkey or beef open-faced sandwich when I want comfort food. Otherwise, I will go with an all-day breakfast combo with pancakes. They are all yummy.   I don't have any complaints. I am a return customer who likes to eat here and have access to free WiFi.~beef sandwich pancakes. 
Stopped in for a late dinner.  After finding most places closed for the night, I found Wimpy's open--just barely!  Coming in at just before closing, the staff had no resistance to seating us and serving.  They advised us that the kitchen was closing in 15 minutes, so we ordered quickly.  They took the time to clarify the order and entertained special requests.  I ordered the Fish & Chips but with a sub garden salad instead.  I had been craving this for a while, which usually leads to unreasonable expectations.  In this case, expectations were met.  No objection, no complaint.  That earns a star!  The food came quickly, and with quality.  It did not appear like the kitchen  rushed at all.  We ate and left without any pressure.  Attitude speaks volumes, even when people try to hide it.  I would drive out of my way to eat here again.~chips salad 
I went today to get the Noodles and beef special. The noodles were stale, like they sat there for days, the meat was tough. The person that served me used her bare hands to put some peppers on the meat, I told her no peppers please!!! I think the management changed and the food got much worse. Also I took a fork and the cashier said that I already gave you one. No tact, bad and not clean!~beef 
I should've read the reviews about this establishment before making my order to avoid disappointment.  I was passing through North American Centre and stumbled upon this place. I ordered the 5 piece chicken nuggets.  I saw the nuggets in the food container by the cook's window sitting there, unattended.  After 10 minutes and 5 customers later (they weren't busy at all), one of the ladies took the container to the back.  Then she came to the check out counter.  There were fries with my order.  I asked her if there's nuggets.  She said yes.  I told her I only ordered nuggets.  Then she muffled something under her breath, rolled her eyes at me and took the food away.  So I told her, "Nevermind, I don't appreciate your attitude."  Who knows what she would've done with the food.  She made me feel like it was my fault for not telling her I didn't want fries with my nuggets.  Lessons learned - check yelp reviews before deciding to eat somewhere and avoid places with low ratings and bad reviews (to avoid disappointment).~chicken nuggets. fries fries 
Soly's is located in a food court. It's nothing special. The food is of average quality but the prices are good and the service is fast.  Seems like some of the previous posters either need a Valium or a vacation... Soly's is an ok place for a quick lunch. I usually choose the chicken teriyaki on fried rice. It's always been fresh and hot for me and the portion is generous for $6.97 tax in...~chicken fried rice. 
I agree with the other not-so-positive review here! The food used to be much better. Now, there is new management and they are beyond CHEAP!!! I saw the lady behind the counter pick up pickles with her glove-less hands and put them in a container! Can you say "hepatitis" anyone? Also, the same lady yelled at a boy for daring to take a napkin. He told her he was a daily customer and she just glared at him! Are the napkins coming out of her paycheque? Really disgusting and gross place! Will never go back. AVOID!!!!!!!!!!!!~pickles 
Soly's has quite a variety on their menu from eastern and western cuisines. You can get anything from curried chicken on rice to a cheeseburger and fries to a burrito.  The curried chicken is quite good and definitely a favourite of mine at this place however, this week I was craving their cheeseburger and fries. It's a little on the pricey side... without a drink it came to $7.33 after tax.  Their burgers aren't really anything special but for some reason, I do like them. I doubt they're homemade and perhaps it's the selection of condiments that makes their burger what it is.  Their fries are reminiscent of McDonald's fries but with way less salt. which actually makes them better. Their gravy is tasty and has a near-perfect consistency.  If there's one thing I've noticed since I started Yelping, it's that I'm not a big fan of salt. Sure, I get how salt can really embellish the flavour of a dish but I find that most places use it more as a crutch.  Not Soly's. For a simple restaurant in a food court, they sure know how to season their dishes appropriately.~chicken fries burrito. chicken fries. burgers burger fries fries 
I'm a former New Yorker so I too was excited to visit Friendly's because it felt like home. It's much like a Denny's. Inexpensive and consistent. We had breakfast. I love their home fries. They're golden brown pillows of deep fried heaven. The veggie omelet balanced out my glutenous home fry experience. It was everything I'd remembered.   Next time .... look out... Jim Dandy. That thing is insane! It's like 5 lbs of ice cream with chocolate sauce and bananas.... ooohh doggie!~fries. brown ice cream 
I got excited when I first drove by this Friendlys as it brought back a lot of good memories of back home (New England). This was the first time I had seen one in the south, and could not wait to get in here.   The menu had changed quite a bit in a few years, but the basics were all the same.  When I first walked in, I picked up a strange smell, it kind of smelled like stale old dish water or something, It was pretty disgusting, thankfully I could not smell it while eating. The service was very slow, and so was the restaurant,  but they got our order correct.  Food was OK, not as good as I had remembered. Soggy fries are a huge pet peeve of mine. I think I will wait til I go back north to try Friendlys again, this one was just missing a lot.~fries 
Tried their chicken shawarma on a late Thursday night right before they closed. The owner(I'm assuming) was really funny & was joking with us the while time because he wanted to go home but we didn't let him.   This location is located in the food court of the Toronto general hospital, I was here visiting a family member. I was starving the whole day. Iv seen Mega Wraps before many times, but just ignored it because it didn't seem so appetizing to me. Boy, was I ever wrong? Their chicken shawarma is actually very tasty with Tzaziki sauce & feta sauce. I Was so hungry, I could've eaten another one. I wish it was maybe a tad bit bigger. They have many location here in the Burbs, now when I want a Delicious shawarma for $7 I'll know where to go. This definitely made the cut for me.~chicken wraps chicken 
So, like the name says, they specialise in wraps.  Tasty wraps too.  I've had a few and they were all yummy.  A poster on the right lists the wraps that are reduced fat but you can easily customise any of them to what you want with a choice of meats, salads, pickles and dressings.  There's also a little selection of chocolate bars and a few pastries. Extra points for the entertainment value.  The first time I went I wasn't sure what I wanted and the guy promised to make me something special that I'd like.  If I didn't I could bring it back.   I liked it a lot!  Today he referred to the junior size wrap (smaller one) as "lady size" and to the hot sauce as lady sauce...but told us we didn't need it because we were hot enough. Wraps are pricey at around $6.50 for a small one but I'd pay an extra dollar or so for a bit of flattery and a giggle any day!~wraps. wraps wraps salads, pickles pastries. wraps 
This is a pretty good Chinese sit down restaurant in Edinburgh (and it's close to my hotel where I'm staying!).  There is a wide variety of selections for the meal.  Here are the following items that I had with my meal:  -Crab and sweet corn soup: Delicious and great to eat with the chilly weather.  The corn was definitely sweet corn and you can find chunks of crab meat in the soup. -Chicken spring rolls (fried) - I wish they offered soft and not fried spring rolls, but this is Chinese, not Vietnamese.  It's served with a sweet chili sauce.  I think it's just a piece of chicken wrapped with the eggroll soft wrap and fried.  It was good, nothing special. -For entree, I tried the sliced beef tenderloin with pepper sauce (sizzling plate), the chicken with ginger and onions (sizzling plate), and the sweet and sour king prawns.    a. the beef tenderloin is served on a sizzling plate with onions.  It was very good, with a tasty semi-thick brown pepper sauce.  However, next time, i think I'll just order the beef plate because the beef tenderloin is significantly more expensive for the same style entree I think.     b. The chicken was great as well.  Once again, served in a sizzling plate with a brown sauce.  The ginger was pretty strong though, so  made sure not to accidentally eat a piece of ginger.   c. I'm not a fan of sweet and sour dishes, but I thought the sweet and sour prawns dish here was the absolute best dish of the night!  Can't really describe it, but it was great!    I'm still getting used to the fact that there's no free drink refills here, and also that rice is not served with the entree, you have to order it in addition to your meal.  But, guess that's just how it works here.    This place is pretty pricey in my opinion, but that is based on the prices that I'm used to in the US.  Compared to other restaurants in the UK, I think that this is comparable in costs to other restaurants.~corn corn corn chicken beef chicken ginger beef brown beef beef chicken brown ginger ginger. 
The salt and pepper shrimp was tasty, but I prefer it chrunchier; crab and sweet corn soup was great; and the szechuan chicken was just right.  Service was friendly but slow, even when there were not a lot of people at the restaurant.  I prefer Manor over Chop Chop and Golden Dragon.~shrimp corn chicken 
The Manor House on the Glasgow Road (opposite PC world) is not what you'd expect from a small out of town restaurant. The food I have eaten on my numerous visits here has to be the best Chinese food I have tasted anywhere.    From sizzling Szechuan pork to amazing scallops and seafood dishes, this is really what Chinese should be. There are no gloopy, sweet sauces or overuse of MSG just fresh food and spices. Staff are wonderful and sooo attentive. Anything you're not sure of is easily explained and they're always on hand to bring more drinks or for you to order more food.    Price wise it's a little more than you'd normally pay for a Chinese meal but definitely worth the extra.~pork 
The Chinese Manor House is the best Chinese food I have had in Edinburgh, rich flavours and no generic sweet sauces, good quality meat and seafood and generally just really tasty dishes. From that opening one would assume an instant five stars, and if reviews were just based on the food that would be the case...  The thing is while the food is great the restaurant is simply too far out of town most of the time, and some of the joys of the food (a lot of dishes are served still sizzling) is lost in a takeaway. Location lets the Chinese Manor House down (for most of us), though if you are local to the area I would strongly recommend it. For me though it is a worthwhile but occasional treat.~instant 
Came here on a Saturday night at short notice, but managed to get a table.  Was really impressed with the look of the place - not too cheesy or gaudy, it's a really nice (and big!) place.  The service was attentive and friendly, and the food was delicious! You could tell it was all cooked fresh, and the presentation was good.  We had assorted dim sum, chicken and sweetcorn soup and chicken spring rolls to start, all of which were lovely.  We then had combination chow mien, chicken chow mien and crispy shredded chicken which again, were plentiful and really tasty.    At the end of our meal the lovely owner Katharine came over for a chat and offered us all a free drink which I thought was lovely and a real personal touch.  She obviously really cares about the business and we all chatted for ages!   Will definitely be going back and will also switch our takeaways to here too!~chicken chicken chicken chicken 
Tasty food but below par service.  Our waitress looked like there'd been a multiple death in the family. Ooops. Maybe so, but I think she was just pissed with having to deal with tourists.  The szechuan chicken came to the table sizzling and for British Chinese, it was actually pretty spicy and tasty. The Singapore friend rice was scrumptious too. Sweet & Sour chicken was... well there's not really much you can say about Sweet & Sour... I tasted it for the purposes of writing this review, but its never really been my thang.  Overall, decent food.  A smidgeon pricy and the service definitely needs a smile.~chicken chicken 
This is my favorite Starbucks in the area. It's small and very friendly unlike the one up the street. Ordered a Carmel espresso granita and was not disappointed! The baristas are all very friendly and nice. Never have had a issue with my drink that wasn't easily fixed. Service can be a bit slow as they are a smaller Starbucks but I love the place and I am usually going to hang out with my friends so I spend hours here anyways. If you are looking for a laid back cozy coffee house this is the one to visit!~coffee 
As an avid coffee drinker I really needed it today -  I'm not sure if there is a way to un-check-in, but the line was so long and so slow I had to leave because I would be late for a meeting. There were at least 15 people in line and I only saw three people working.~coffee 
This place was fun, lots of gimmicks and interesting ideas that I haven't seen anywhere else. From the vending machine that gives out boozy ice cream, to the grabber machine that gives you a mystery cocktail flavour. There's definitely nowhere else in Edinburgh that is quite so unusual, and the frozen slush-puppy-esque cocktails were great on a warm night!~ice cream, 
We were told to head to hoot the redeemer for a drink by one of our friends and we have not been disappointed.   It's fun and quirky with lots of nice details and character. From when you walk down the stairs and you're greeted by a fortune teller all the way through to the claw machine game to create your own cocktails.   I had a slushee which was delicious with good alcohol content as well! Abby had a go at the claw machine and grabbed peach and mint and ended up with a peach mojito at the bar.   Friendly staff, great music and nice vibe. Fun little bits and bobs (cinema seats and suitcase tables). There's also a nice cream dispenser which I will be sure to try next time I drop in. Overall I would definitely recommend having a gander for a bit of fun and some good cocktails.~peach peach 
Panda and Son's not quite so grown up younger brother of a bar.   It's very gimmicky and good fun for a quick after work nice drink or alcoholic ice cream but not somewhere that I'd want to spend the whole evening. It's fun and I enjoyed playing on the grab a ball machine to see if I could pick a cocktail flavour (which you then need to pay £6 for them to make into a drink) and the alcoholic ice cream machine was greatly amusing (it uses suction to pick up the tubs). Maybe it's as we went on a random Wednesday night that it wasn't busy and didn't have much atmosphere or buzz about it.   This would have been a three star review but the ice cream was great and I would quite happily eaten a full pint of the peanut butter vodka ice cream (they only sell mini tubs) so that earns it an extra star.~ice cream ice cream ice cream butter ice cream ( 
This place is exactly what it promises to be.  Underground, quirky, carnivalesque and playful.   You can get some really great cocktails for a decent price (£7.50) I really liked the Professor Green cocktail - with mint and Absinth.   Some of the sofa's are a little uncomfortable, but there is plenty of (quirky) spaces to be seated.  They are a little difficult to find and if you don't know what and where they are you will easily miss the entrance.   I haven't ventured on the Flavour Picker, nor did we get out there to choose an ice-cream flavour.  But that is something for next time.   I enjoyed my visit here and will bring out some friends at times to enjoy (win?) some cocktails   recommended for a date night, or with a bunch of good friends.~date 
Hoot the redeemer? More like ott the trytoohard   Maybe I'm just too old and cynical for this place, because everyone else was having a great time. Possibly should have been a 4 star as their cocktails were very well done, the music was good, but I just got upset at how many gimmicks were thrown at me. They have a clearly defined theme, but it was too OTT for me.  The sister bar to Panda and Sons, it's got that unique speakeasy feel to it also. We have a fortune telling 'head' for a door. We have an ice cream machine that vends novelty risqué flavours. We have a DJ booth dressed up as a Punch and Judy show.   The 'gimmick' that got me the most is the ball grabbing machine full of different cocktail flavours, I pay £1 for 2 chances to win a flavour, but no guarantee. £2 later I have 1 ball, Vanilla, which is a fine flavour.  I once had a conversation with a random guy in a bar about how Vanilla makes everything taste better, I didn't necessarily agree, but he made a good argument. So, I have to take my flavour to the bar and ask the guy there to make me a cocktail, I get 2 as I have company, and we ask for rum and bitters to go with it. I recognise the guy from another bar in town, and he makes us a really good drink. My problem here is that I still have to pay £13 for the 2 drinks, so this has now cost me £15. Now I have no issues paying £7.50 a drink, especially for a very well executed cocktail, I feel as if I'd rather just have a chat to the bar guy and order something exciting.....~ice cream 
So happy I finally tried this place out! Definitely a place to go when you wanna impress someone who is visiting the city. Any place that has a hidden entrance, boozy ice cream vending machine, and free popcorn is 5 stars in my book. My friend and I arrived around 930 on Friday and it never got too overwhelmingly crowded. We even found a table which seems to be a rare feat for cocktail bars in new town. The bartenders were great, friendly and quick service, and they all made some faaaabulous cocktails. I think I could even call them the best cocktails I've had so far in Edinburgh. I started with the golden Bentley - which contained some sort of combination of rum, chocolate liquor, orange bitters (I think?) and gold dust. Order this drink if you wanna feel real fancy, but also want to enjoy your beverage. Not too sweet, I could still taste the rum, but very drinkable. My friend went for a mojito - which was also delicious and the presentation was fun. Even though the cocktails are definitely on the pricy side, at 7.50, I would still gladly pay a bit more for this higher quality. Also the DJ that night played some great classic tunes, including Prince, so that was a big plus. The only downsides...sometimes the music was too loud if you ended up standing next to the speakers, and you must be forewarned that the popcorn is spicy. Maybe that's why they provide water and glasses by the tables! But to end on a good note, and hopefully this convinces you to visit this bar, my friend proclaimed "I love this bar!" eight times before ordering our second drink.~ice cream popcorn popcorn 
Fun, quirky little speak-easy bar, just off Princes Street (tucked away so you'd possibly walk past and not even notice it)- the interior is fab! complete with old theatre style seating, wall art and murals, ice-cream cone lighting - its really cool!  Great bar staff, table & bar service and plenty of tasty beverages and complimentary pop corn. They also have two vending machines, one selling alcoholic ice cream! and the other, shots - there's plenty to keep you occupied.~corn. ice cream! 
French was one of my favourite subjects in high school it was challenging, sounded beautiful and seemed to be the gateway to new experiences in Eastern Canada. I was blessed with a fantastic teacher who was tres enthusiastic and encouraging all the more impressive given that she was contending with small class sizes in rural BC. Those classes gave way to a cruel first year experience in university where I struggled in an immersion class under german prof, quel dommage!   So when I found that I could no longer conjugate basic verbs with ease or had trouble recalling a ton of words en francais, I turned to the local AF chapter for a reboot last year. I hadn't practised enough during my years in bilingual Ottawa and several years in Tawrana had blunted what little knowledge remained.   The downtown chapter of the Toronto AF is located in a pretty and sprawling victorian house on Spadina Rd near Bloor. The courses range from beginnier to advanced training for language certification. A complimentary fluency test is offered at the outset of any registration to assess your training needs, mine served as a wake up call to say the least. :D The classes are run by experienced and friendly instructors in an immersion setting so active speaking and thinking in french is emphasized from the get-go. Classes also vary from general, conversational and others have a literary or artistic slant.   It costs roughly $300 per course each one usually running the length of two months. Yeah, it's a bit pricey but if you're looking for kick-start into the french language or a quick way to recover lost instruction it's not a bad option until you can find some native french speakers to converse with regularly! There's a minimal membership fee that allows you to attend many of their scheduled cultural events such as screenings, wine and cheese, art exhibits or concerts. Access is also given to their multimedia library which has a host of cd's, movies and books, added stimulus for your french instruction!  So pricey yes, but if you need a kick in the arse with your french or want to pick it up in a disciplined setting-this is an option worth exploring.~cheese, 
A huge grocery store with a massive selection. They have a lot of the same products as Intermarche Boyer Mont-Royal in terms of pastries and muffins, but there's a lot more aisle space and better looking produce.~pastries 
What do you want an Italian Restaurant to be?  Cheesy.  Saucey.  Greasy.  Tastey.  That is what describes my party's mozzarella sticks, jalapeno poppers, onion rings, fries and my Steak Calzone.  I was taken here during my lunch break from work and I was not disappointed.  There were more than enough workers to compensate for the lunch rush.  The food was prepared fresh and fast.  The prices were cheap and fair.  The portions were huge and caused a nice food coma during my business trip to "PGH."  Thus, I would recommend going here on Thursday or Friday lunches..because everyone knows...no work gets done Thursday and Friday afternoon anyways q=).~mozzarella jalapeno onion rings, fries steak 
A heavy hand touches everything at Mama Lucia's, unfortunately their generosity with toppings and serving sizes end up hurting the final product. I stopped in for lunch and ordered 2 slices (one with pepperoni and olives the other with mushrooms and sausage) and a side salad. Both slices were a nice size, however, the way they were served created an awkward eating situation. Rather than topping two individual slices they topped half of a 4 cut pizza to match my order. The slices were also an odd shape, essentially they were the chode of the pizza world (wider than they were long). This made it nearly impossible to pick them up and eat them by hand without getting sauce from ear to ear. They also violated my number 1 pizza sin and overloaded the slices with cheese. This made for a doughy center were the crust was slightly undercooked.   Their over loading of the cheese didn't stop at the pizza. My side salad came topped with an honest cup and a half of mozerella cheese. Underneath the white blanket there was a huge handful of red onion, a tomatoe slice, and some bland iceburg. On a positive note, they do make a great homemade vinegarette.  Each day of the week they have a $3 lunch special. One of my co-workers always goes on Wednesday for their lasagna (a portion that may not fit in a shoe box). I'd try Mama Lucia's again for a sandwich or pasta, but I'm staying away from the pizza and salad.~pepperoni mushrooms sausage) salad. pizza pizza pizza cheese. cheese pizza salad cheese. white onion, sandwich pasta, pizza salad. 
Great pricing on food! A hoagie, fries, & drink is $6 & some change. They have different daily specials for each day of the week. Monday= 6in meatball... wed =I love the buffalo chicken horead agie and chicken parm hoagie. Their calzones look good. I often order a cash fry (chicken, fries and melted mozzarella cheese. You can add veggies for a small price) Also, if they seem full downstairs, the entire 2nd floor is seating. No worries!~fries, chicken chicken chicken, fries mozzarella cheese. 
One of the best pizza places in Pittsburgh hands down.  I've been getting pizza here since 1998 and it's the best.  They have great thick silician slices and I love their very unique sausage topping, it's sliced but crumples and tastes great.  I usually don't get sausage topping given that it's a hit or miss but at this place it's definately a hit.  I highly reccomend it and anyone I have taken to this place always gives it equally high praises no matter what they order.~pizza pizza sausage sausage 
Calzones are excellent. Highly recommended, very filling and cheap. Pizza is good but not great. Can't beat the price in downtown Pittsburgh, 16 inch for $10.50. Been here four times in two weeks~pizza 
Place is pretty simple, cheap and the pizza is nice and oily, but warm out of the oven.~pizza 
I have been craving pizza for days so for lunch I grabbed 2 slices and a side salad in an effort to balance my poor decision.  The pizza was greasy and good. The side salad was a handful of lettuce, raw onion, 2 slice tomato and about 2 cups of shredded cheese. So much for healthy....~pizza salad pizza salad lettuce, onion, tomato cheese. 
#SAUGA #YELP #ASIAN #DRAGONFRUIT  So, Grant's is my least favorite Asian grocery but I find myself in there once in every three months or so. It's smaller compared to the ones I love - T&T, Oceans and even Yuan Ming. And it's not priced to compete; I usually find the prices here higher, still cheaper than Metro and alike. It's a neighbourhood grocery - and that's probably the sole reason it's still making profit.   Here are a few reasons why I don't enjoy Grant's Foodmart all that much:   - small AND disorganized. Finding something simple like chicken broth can take surprisingly wrong.   - staff no engrish.  - fish, meat departments not as elaborate.~chicken 
I would give it a 4 BUT they desperately need to change the set up by the entrance so am giving it a 3. It gets pretty crowded at times and you couldn't help but be annoyed a little bit. Especially when the staff is trying to put away the products, or people stopping at the entrance with their carts blocking the way (they do it because the sale vegetable/fruit stand is right outside the door, but man, it can be pretty annoying since the pathway is VERY NARROW).  Other than that, this place is good for grocery shopping. It's a little bit more inexpensive on the FOOD compared to other asian's stores I've shopped at based on the amount of food I get for the price I pay for. So do shop here!  If your thinking of purchasing beauty or health related products... your better off going to walmart since their prices are a little expensive at grants. Just saying.   In terms of atmosphere, well... it's okay. It's clean at most times but the surroundings can get a little messy when they get busy. Completely understandable but it shouldn't have to be like that in most cases. If I would rate their up keeping it would be a 2.   And I would like to point out that the bakery section is close to the entrance so am not sure how I feel about that. I wish they would put it in a much more "sanitary" place around the premises just AWAY from the door.  Their meat section is always packed with great prices (if you love meat), while the seafood (which is located at the back by the vegetable section) is okay in price but not extensive if your looking for more variety.   What I like about Grant's is that they sell selections of food from the Philippines, Japanese, Cantonese, Korean, European, and some Indian products too. I definitely appreciate the diversity of this grocery store but just dont expect too much from them since some of the stuff I want (like a bottled Milk Tea drink from Japan) isn't sold here. You can only get that from another asian grocery store around Mississauga.  They always have cashiers ready at hand so rest assured you wont see one or two lanes open only. It's a fast paced environment so you wont wait long to grab your groceries and go.~milk tea 
Grant's for myself is the closest Asian market to my home.  It's located near the north east corner of Dixie Rd and Bloor St inside of Highpoint Mall.  This grocery store is a medium sized store and I'm not entirely sure if it's affiliated with Oceans but by the check out there is a sign saying something about accepting Oceans cards.  Oceans is a huge Asian market and the closest one I know of is at Hurontario and Eglinton.    If Oceans is the Loblaws of Asian markets, then Grants is more like the "No Frills".  Grants does have a lot of imported goods as well as a fresh meat market including seafood, a well stocked produce section and all sorts of other everyday groceries.  The prices for some of the meat seems really competitive but I come here primarly for a frozen sliced ribeye steak that I use to make Philly cheesesteak sandwiches.  This meat is sliced thing and in the freezer section that they also have lamb, pork and in addition to beef the same but in roll forms.  This type of meat is versatile for things such as stir fry or hot pots etc.  For me it's perfect for frying and making into Philly sandwiches.  These packages of sliced beef are about a pound and a half and cost about 10 dollars each these days.~steak lamb, pork beef beef 
I could rate this as a decent place to eat. The location is central and the place inside is quite nicely decorated with good cushion chairs and booths.   The service was very good and the person serving us was very attentive and help full. She took the order quick and the food came flying and was hot and fresh. The soup had a small hair but she brought a new one, quickly.  The food was above average as a whole. We ordered sushi box A which comes with soup and salad, Pad thai and sweet & sour soup.    Soup - Miso soup was just ok and was missing tofu but the sweet and sour soup was really great. Sushi - was fresh and tasted good. They have a bar in front of where we are seated and they make it right their. Pad thai - was too sweet for my liking so we asked for some hot sauce to spice it up. But the pad thai was done well and all the ingredients were used wisely. They put the peanuts on the side which I liked as some restaurants put them on the top and we might not eat as many peanuts.  price/ value is 3/5 as the mean does fill you up but is not for sharing.   For my Muslim brothers and sisters - they mention it on their site and is listed on the front door of the restaurant being Halal and alcohol free environment. I also verified it on zabihah.com but do your due diligence.~sushi salad, thai miso tofu sushi - thai - thai 
I really wanted to like this place, but I really don't think it managed to wow me.   We ordered some simple sushis (California Roll, Salmon Roll, and Spicy Tuna Roll), all of which were very standard. Nothing special.  We also ordered some soups. The chicken soup (I believe called "Tom yum" or something similar) came out fresh and piping hot, while the miso soup was disgustingly barely warm. This really bothered me because I'm a huge miso soup fan. When we asked the waitress about this, she offered to microwave it which I didn't feel was the right answer.   Other dishes we ordered included some noodles (vegetable, chicken), and General Tso's chicken. Again, nothing stood out. Standard standard standard.   The service was decent, but I feel that the place was understaffed. Our waitress was also everyone's waitress, and she was running around from table to table, and that made us feel uncomfortable to ask her for anything!   In general, Zem One is a good place to get a halal fix of sushi. Although overpriced in my opinion, the sushi is halal, which is worth the extra money. Spare yourself the time and money and don't order anything other than sushi. I'd like to come back here for more sushi, but based on this experience, I probably won't be back for a while.~california roll, salmon tuna roll) chicken miso miso chicken) chicken. sushi. sushi sushi. sushi, 
Horrible Sushi. We had a big piece of Hair in our Sushi and the Manager told us he could give us 50% off because the hair was only touching one piece of the sushi..... umm... okay sure.  Quality control is obviously not important to them.  AVOID THIS PLACE.  This place is a weird Fusion "Sushi" joint that serves Thai, Chinese, and Japanese food.  At first glance the place looks clean and inviting.  The menu is organized well and the prices seem more expensive than they have to be.  All you can eat Sushi is $17.99 for lunch which seems really high for the quality of food.....  My experience here started off on the wrong foot. We ordered green tea and it was Luke Warm.  We told our server and she informed us that their hot water machine was broken and offered to put it in the microwave for us.  We opted to drink water instead.  We ordered the Small Sushi and Maki combo for $24.99.  The combo came with 6 California Rolls, 6 Salmon Rolls, and 12 pieces of Assorted Sushi.  The Sushi tasted like it had just been taken out of the fridge from Oceans supermarket.  It was really nasty!  I guess they thought that adding a piece of hair for garnish would make it taste better.... guess not.~sushi. sushi sushi..... sushi" thai, sushi tea sushi salmon sushi. sushi 
This was by far the worse "sushi" restaurant that I've been to. It serves Japanese, Chinese, and Thai food so it clearly this restaurant can't specialize in one cuisine. I came here for lunch and wanted a reasonable meal at an affordable price but prices were more than what it should be for less than mediocre sushi. I asked for green tea and when I took a sip of it, it was lukewarm to cold so I asked the waitress for new one because it wasn't hot and she said their hot water machine broke and would warm it up. Seriously?? Big FAIL if a sushi restaurant cant get their tea right then you know the rest wont get any better. My bf and I ordered the small sushi combo for $24.99 and by the first bite we felt it didnt taste right, there was no flavour and the fish was not fresh. And what turned my appetite down even more was a piece of hair on one of the sushi pieces. I immediately complained to the waitress and she spoke to the manager about it whom said that he will give 50%off because the hair didnt touch the other pieces. Really?? Not even an apology or anything complimentary! This was by far the WORST experience ever! DO NOT waste your money here.~sushi" thai sushi. tea sushi tea sushi sushi 
This place has gone through many different iterations since I've moved to 'Sauga.  It was Kobe Sushi, then Pad Thai and Sushi and is now called Zem-One and is more of a fusion style Asian food.  I'd like to call it Spring Rolls Jr.    Order: lunch special - pad thai with soup and salad for $8.99 and spicy salmon sushi combo (with 6 pcs California roll) and soup and soup for $8.99  1. Pad thai - very good and much better than Spring Rolls 5/5 2. Spicy Salmon - not spicy and not much fish. 2/5  Service: 4/5 - very attentive   Ambiance: 4/5  Value: 3/5  I found this very reasonable but the problem is that the combo's/lunch specials were not good value. I would expect for any combo around $9, that there should be tempura or glass noodles or some gyoza (dumplings).  I have no problem with the quality of this place but the value is not there because a Japanese box should include more than just soup and salad.  Luckily, I had a 10% discount because it was grand opening special, but if this price and value keeps up with the discount, rating might go down.    If the owners are reading - add something to your specials so the meal is more filling!~sushi, thai sushi thai salad salmon sushi california roll) thai - salmon - salad. 
Came here for lunch with my mom as she wanted to try it out. I've never heard of the restaurant but looked it up on yelp and decided to stay away from the sushi.  We ordered the shrimp tempura and chicken  pad thai. I can see why people say to stay away from anything sushi related because the tempura was extremely bland and unappealing. The pad thai was the only redeeming quality of our meal.  Price of the meal was average and the quality of the service was mediocre at best. Washroom was dirty and the light over the sink would hit my head if I didn't duck (I'm 5'11). Tons of better sushi restaurants in the GTA to try instead of Zem-One.~sushi. shrimp chicken thai. sushi thai sushi 
Nice decor, nice ambience but overpriced. Sushi isn't anything to write home about. I ordered this chicken stir fry type dish and I kid you not, I could've made it at home. It was three pieces of cold chicken breast with teriyaki sauce drizzled on top and laid on a two pieces of lettuce. There were four steamed pieces of broccoli on each side of the plate and apparently that made it worth $14. My friends ordered an assortment of sushi, rice and soup and by the time our food arrived (40 mins later) our food was cold. One of my friends waited a full hour for her dish to arrive and it was disappointing. Haven't gone there since and don't intend on going their again.~sushi chicken chicken lettuce. broccoli sushi, 
Good food, HORRIBLE SERVICE  Okay so we went for the all you can eat. First off they only brought half the things we ordered. Then they came for last call, we made an order, only to have the waitress come back 30 minutes later and say that the kitchen closed already. HOW DOES A KITCHEN CLOSE BEFORE LAST CALL?  Then we ordered dessert and were told that only ice cream is available. After ordering we were told we can only have one scoop each because they had to scoop it manually (as opposed to robots who scoop it for them automatically?)  Worst experience ever. Learn to treat customers with respect before serving tables. Tipped them 10 cents.~ice cream 
I wish I had listened to reviews before I decided to have dinner here. The only reason I went here was because there was a Groupon and I was in the mood for sushi.   This was hands down the worst service I have ever experienced at a restaurant, not to mention probably the worst sushi I've ever had.  The host seats us and asks what we'd like to drink. I asked for a water and my father asked for a ginger ale. The host then goes over to the sink that's in the middle of the restaurant and pours me a glass of WARM water. He also gave my father a can of ginger ale and no glass when he specifically asked for one. Our waitress comes over and asks what we'd like to eat. I ask her a few questions, none of which she is able to answer, and keeps running back to the kitchen to ask someone. We finally get our order in and it takes an hour to get our food out. The waitress apologizes profusely and says we'll get miso soup on the house. That would have been nice if the soup wasn't cold (the tofu pieces were like ice cubes). The waitress finally brings out our food and with one of the plates, she knocks my entire glass of water over on the table and on my lap. She apologizes again and leaves. She didn't bring me a new glass of water and she didn't bother to bring me a few napkins to clean up (or clean the table herself).   After we're finished eating, we ask for the bill, which takes another 20 minutes. I finally go to the back and say I'm ready to pay, and she prints my bill. From here I can see all the other people that are noticeably upset. On top of that we had to ask multiple times for things like: wasabi, soy sauce, plates, spicy mayo, drinks, etc. We'd ask for them at the same time, however our waitress only brought one thing at a time and forgot about the rest.   It took approximately 2 hours from start to finish and quite frankly I was embarrassed to take my dad somewhere so awful. Please do not eat here, you'll be wasting your time and money! :(~sushi. sushi ginger ginger miso tofu soy sauce, 
This is by far one of the worst meals I have ever had in my life. The sushi made my boyfriend and I sick and the chop suey was so stale tasting.  I wish I could say that the service was at least good but it was a fail as well. We stood at the front waiting for a table for about 10 mins (it's a very small place) and it took another 10 before they even took our order. When the food came we had no cutlery and waited another 10 minutes for that.   The bathroom was so disgusting that I would have walked out before eating but we had just placed our first order. If the bathroom was any indication of the hygiene of the kitchen... :( :(  Lastly when we asked for our bill the waitress wasn't coming so after 15 more minutes I just got up and walked to the front to try and pay. She at that point came, saw food on the table and said she had to charge us for the leftover food which we flat out refused since it made us physically sick.  I highly recommend that you NOT eat here. Food is a 0, service is a 0. $50 I will never get back.~sushi 
A great little AYCE sushi joint!  On a Saturday night, it was a little "empty", but we met the new owner and he seems like he has a great vision for the future.  We enjoyed endliess varieties of sashimi & hand rolls.  The Spider Roll is a fav of mine and it didn't disappoint!  The chefs were very friendly and attentive.  I might consider a power lunch here in my future!  Prices very reasonable and a nice atmosphere completed it nicely.~sushi 
Yay for there being  a new awesome sushi option on the west side. I'm not a huge fan of AYCE, so I love finding places with fresh sushi at affordable lunch time prices!   Their lunch deal is the best I've ever seen at a sushi place. You get miso soup + a nigiri platter (tuna, pepper tuna, salmon, shrimp, and albacore I believe), then you also get to pick any roll on the menu. Depending on which roll you pick, the combo is either $9.95 or $12.95.   So basically I got soup, a 5 piece nigiri platter, and a huge 8 piece roll for $9.95. The dinner price on the roll itself is $9.95 so the soup + nigiri platter is a nice throw in.   I felt like I was dining at a night club. Projector screens , club music, over the top decor, etc. It's quite huge and was pretty empty today. I sure hope they make it!~sushi sushi sushi miso tuna, tuna, salmon, shrimp, 
My friend and I were looking for food options after coming out of a gift buying party. Shopping builds up the appetite ...the Hor Devours at the party were just not going to cut it! We were leaning towards our usual Chinese Buffet but we are trying to eat better so we decided on Momoyama.   We never really ate at non buffets together before so ordering was a bit of a challenge. We wanted to share a roll and get an entree each. I was planning to get something like a Spicy Crab Roll, California Roll ...a wannabe Sushi roll? My friend doesn't like eating anything with fake crab in it ...she wanted a Deep Fried Spicy Tuna Roll. I was hesitant because my first Sushi experience ordering a Philadelphia Roll is something I would like to forget! That came with a big piece of raw fish. I shuddered at the memory of me gagging on it. She saw that I wasn't really liking this idea but eventually I gave in because I figured I'm older now maybe I would like it this time. The first bite was okay it left a bit of an after taste but as I started to eat them it tasted better and better!   I then ordered some Chicken Curry that came with a side of white rice. The Curry reminded me of a mildly thicker soup which could be eaten without rice. The next day I had my left overs with out rice and it was still very good! It wasn't made with coconut milk so it had a different taste than Thai Curry but it was still tasty.~california roll ... sushi tuna roll. sushi chicken white coconut milk thai 
one of the worst restaurant I've ever been to! First of all, on a Friday night they are out of all the popular but expensive fish as Uni,halibut, mirugai!!! Their tuna was frozen and their salmon was fishy! The manager of the establishment set an hour limit on the all you can eat although it doesn't state that anywhere on the menu. Avoid this place if youre looking for excellent service, fresh fish, and quality!!!~tuna salmon 
This place keeps going on the decline. Their all you can eat menu is down to a zerox copy with a very limited selection. All they do is make all the other sushi places around Vegas looked so much better.~sushi 
I'm sorry but this place SUX! My GF went here 1st and got crappy ass service but claimed food was ok, atmosphere was nice. So I decided ok they had a bad night, let's try again. Sushi rolls were like flat tires! Quality was....ok. check? Like 70 bux for a few rolls me and GF only! I eat at lots of sushi places, and I felt robbed when I left this place. Do yourself a favor, roll over to sushi fever or son of japan and pass this place by! WTF, they were empty too! Too many good places around to waste your time here. Hope this helps......sorry momoyama, but I gave you a second chance and you blew it.~sushi sushi sushi 
I will definitely come here again whenever I'm on this side of town. A really big place, awesome decor, friendly staff and most importantly - amazing food! The Las Vegas Roll is SO good! And the Miso Soup comes in a HUGE bowl which I loved because I'm always left wanting more in the usual smaller bowls :)~miso 
This place use to be sushi dans, all they did is change the name.the service is horrible and we were the only ones in there during dinner, guess I know why now. I went in for the AYCE and sake they tried to charge me for the sake, even though they had a sign outside saying it was AYCE and sake. This place is a joke, the sushi isn't half bad but the whole experience killed it.There are way better sushi places in vegas than here, like blue fin!~sushi sushi sushi 
I went to this Sushi place with my family and we ordered a couple nigiri that did not fill anyone up and udon. This place is wayyy too expensive, for just eating a couple bites, our bill came out to almost $90. We were all shocked when we looked at the check. They charged us 18% service charge so we decided to leave no tip. We asked if they had any promotions but nope.. none! I mean the food wasn't too bad, but for the price, it makes it taste bad! You can go to Kobe or Sushi Mon for better deals, do not waste your money here, you can get better sushi and leave satisfied with your moneys worth!~sushi sushi sushi 
Was hoping for an exceptional tempura. It was not to be. The spicy tuna was really good. A little disappointed in everything else.  AYCE was $26, I definitely got my money's worth. - Update7//2, drove by there today and it's called something else.  Can't remember the name.~tuna 
This place is awesome! Especially for those who don't like raw sushi.~sushi. 
Amazing sushi & friendly staff.   They include sashimi with AYCE.  Top quality fish & very tasty sushi.  I've tried all kinds of food.  Nigiri, sashimi, sushi rolls, beef short ribs, chicken katsu, mussels... etc.  Everything I had there was very very good.  I totally recommend it.  Ask for Chase & tell him Mickie recommend the place.~sushi & sushi. sushi beef chicken 
Good sushi, little pricy. Guess they have a good 1/2 price happy hour, would probably go back then.~sushi, 
Momoyama was actually a pleasant surprise. After reading what fellow yelpers had wrote I was a lil hesistant to try it. We came here for one of my brother's birthday dinners.  I have a pretty large family.....a family of 8 including the bf. We were all able to fit in the big booth and cozy up with one another since it was a very rainy night. It wasn't busy at all when we got there and we were seated right away. I briefly browsed through the menu and I was surprised that they had AYCE. You know me and my sushi fetish, BUT I was not hungry enough to do AYCE. I ended up getting the shrimp tempura udon, halibut nigri and a roll. The halibut was fresh and the roll was pretty delicious. It made me wish that I had gotten the AYCE. The shrimp tempura udon came out piping hot and the tempura was a vsriety of 2 shrimps, carrots, broccoli, cucumber and sweet potato? I felt the price and what you got was definitely reasonable. Unlike most places though, the udon and broth is just that..some places add crab cake and seaweed flakes but this was just plain and simple. My aunt had ordered a couple of rolls and I ended up trying the 911. Let me tell you it was 911 spicy! but delicious in a way. The bf went with the chicken teriyaki dinner and although it was oversauced he said it was good. Service was attentive and everything came out fairly quickly. Overall, this place was good and I think that everyone should give it a try.~sushi shrimp shrimp shrimps, broccoli, cucumber sweet potato 
I went a few weeks ago and tried their happy hour special. It was good but not great and I felt they were over priced.  Then about a week ago I saw they now offer all you can eat sushi.  Well I'm a huge fan of that so I stopped in and looked at their menu and loved what I saw.  $26 for dinner (most other places charge $27.95)  The place is beautiful but it's sooo empty, no one is there.  But don't let that stop ya.  The staff is VERY friendly.  The sushi chef did a fantastic job with each thing I ordered.  I loved every bite.  Very fresh, loved the look and would DEFINITELY be back.  The only very small thing I was disappointed in was they don't offere natto (fermented soybean) for those who are a fan of that. And they had a roll on their regular menu that is wrapped in cucumber that is not on their all you can eat menu (I've had this roll at other places and it's really good) but no big deal.  I now definitely reccomend this place to everyone.  Great value, GREAT food (just stay away from the happy hour menu, it's overpriced for the amount of food ya get)~sushi. sushi natto ( cucumber 
It's amazing!! They r serving sashimi for AYCE!! Great quality and so tasty!! Price is affordable ..  The master sushi chef chase was entertaining . When u guys walk in this place, look for him. He knows what his doing!!!~sushi 
3 stars for my daughter but in reality it's the environment and culture that sucks. I've been here many times and I always sit back and observe the employees here. Most of the employees are young which is good and not so good. I personally think they should reevaluate their age requirement for employees. The employees are not outgoing, excited, and adventurous with the children. I watched and heard many young employees give standoffish energy, rude responses, and have also ignored children right in my face. Revamp your hiring age bracket chuck-e-cheese.~cheese. 
If you do not have kids = do not read this, as you may be extremely bored. Yes, I can't believe it, but I find myself reviewing a Chuck E. Cheese. So I asked my kids where would you like to go - 3D mini golf, roller skating or Chuck E. Cheese. Turned out to be a silly question. There was a deafening "Chuck E. Cheese!!!!" as an answer. For some reason kids just love this place. They have a dedicated person at the entrance who assigns a stamp that can be seen with a black light with a specifiic number for all your family members - check in together - check out together. There's a section for younger kids and one for older kids (not a place for teenagers though). It was very clean including the bathrooms. They have quite a few employees that were all very genuinely friendly and seem to like kids. Chuck E. made an appearance (yes, even I got a high five); he was throwing tickets in the air, like he was making it rain hundred dolla bills ya'll. Kids were scrambling and even parents down on their knees (I was not one of them) grabbing for tickets. My kids love trading their tickets in for candy and toys; they feel all grown up making their own decisions. As everyone in the free world knows, they do birthday parties and have pizza. Their salad bar and pizza looked okay, but the food snob in me just can't bring myself to eat there. My kids had a blast and actually thanked me for bringing them. And best of all, the cost was $10 worth of tokens.~cheese. cheese. cheese! pizza salad pizza 
Our experience with Eli Trucking was ok.  The positive: ~They were accommodating with the scheduling, picking our up our stuff very quickly after we decided to go with them. ~The guys that loaded our stuff onto the truck were very professional and did a good job. ~They were able to deliver our stuff 5 days after picking it up which was better than a lot of the other places were talking about.  The negative: ~Their estimate was a "not-to-exceed" but they charged us that exact amount so expect to pay the full estimate - i.e., don't hope for any "the stuff may weigh less than the estimate". ~They had us pay the remaining balance (50%) before they unloaded the truck. Perhaps this is standard practice, but they did not call it out to us in our prior communications so it completely caught us off guard and seemed shady. What if they didn't have all our stuff? We would have been stuck because we had already handed over the cash. (And they only accepted cash on delivery.) ~Some of our furniture was damaged during the move. There were several chips in wood pieces (tv stand, dresser) in places that are very visible (corners, tops, drawer knobs, etc.). When something happens to your move items, Eli does not handle things with you directly, they send you to a claims company and basically said "not our problem" - and the whole process seems as if it's designed to be painful (i.e., print out pictures for it, send it via snail mail). We have not yet received word but it has been very disappointing. If things get damaged during your move (and other reviews also mention damaged items...), expect a painful process.  Overall, they were fine but I recommend you look hard for a better option.~chips 
We are in the process of moving and they have not yet delivered our stuff but this rating is based on our experience thus far.  They picked up our boxes close to the date they had originally given us.  The movers/workers were nice and professional.  They have not been in communication with us after picking up our stuff.  when we have called they were rude and seemed annoyed that we called to get an update.  Apparently the 14 maximum delivery date begins on the date we said we would be available for delivery and not when they picked up our stuff- would have been nice to know this beforehand.  We are going on vacation and now I am worried that they won't deliver before we leave.  I will update my review when they deliver.  Jason~date date date 
I researched moving companies for months before deciding on Eli Trucking and Relocation.  They were helpful, friendly, and informative.  They kept me up to date on the move as they came across the country (from Phoenix, AZ to Baltimore, MD).  I had given them 2 phone numbers and when I wasn't available, they called the 2nd number to make sure they were able to speak with someone.  The movers in AZ that picked up my stuff and the movers that moved my stuff into my new house in MD were all professional and friendly.  My belongings arrived intact and in good condition.  One box did get wet somehow but not much.    I had heard horror stories about long distance movers and was completely terrified about trusting my belongings in numerous strangers' hands.  The movers that start the move are not going to be the ones that deliver in most cases.  However, all of the movers involved are employed by Eli and are not separate contractors like with some other companies.    Where I live, the streets are narrow and crowded so they had to move my stuff into a U-haul once they got here which cost me $200 extra.  I mentioned this upfront and they told me how much it would cost.  There were no extra or hidden fees.  To pay with your credit card over the phone, there is a 3% fee each time it is charged but they were up front about it and gave me other options.  Overall, I was completely satisfied with the company and will use them again if I do a long distance move.~date 
I enjoy second cup more than Starbucks because of their variety in coffees. This location has a great patio section and a good amount of seating space inside the coffee house.~coffee 
I'm glad the area has some decent coffee- but this location is a little sad. It makes me feel a little depressed when I come in here- not for lack of enthusiasm by the staff. They seem to be super sweet, and are good at small talk, recognizing and greeting their regulars. The lattes are decent, the coffee is ok. The patio is meh. And the vibe is tired and run down. It could use a facelift.~coffee 
This Second Cup location seems a little bit dark and creepy. It sits alone in a parking lot, near the Dundas St. West and Islington Avenue intersection. The interiors seem a bit run-down, especially the couches. No thank you, I'd rather sit on one of the chairs. They have a patio but it's not the least bit attractive and you're going to be seated just inches from the parked cars. On the brighter side, the baristas are friendly and I've never had problems with my coffee. However, I still wouldn't stay here for long. It's all right for a quick pick up or mid-afternoon break, but not for hanging out with friends or having dates.~coffee. 
I go here often before work. Really nice staff and nice atmosphere. I would add a little more light inside where the window light doesn't reach. It's a convenient location for me, but I would rather buy from them than most coffee shops in the area.~coffee 
This has to be the best second cup in town. Service is always friendly and the coffee is always fresh. However what makes it stand out from other coffee store is the location. Amazing place in summer to sit at the patio and sip a cup of coffee over a good book. You can hear the water from the stream. In fall you can see the stream and also not help but notice the different color falling leafs around you.~coffee coffee coffee 
This is my favorite second cup to go to. I used to do a lot of studying when I was in school and found the atmosphere was great. I got to know some of the staff as well as the regular customers and developed quite a positive rapport with them.  The store is spacious yet cozy.  There is a option to sit at a regular table or several comfy chairs to lounge in and read.  In the cold weather they have a comfy fireplace right in the middle of the store which gives off a lot of heat and adds to the cozy atmosphere.  They usually have a great selection of coffees and pastries.  There is an outdoor patio as well that seems quite popular, but I don't usually go out there because I like the atmosphere inside.  The only suggestion I might have is to perhaps reupholster or get some new comfy chairs as the existing ones are getting quite worn and ripped.~pastries. 
So on the way home from our most recent trip to Cleveland our car got into an altercation with a deer a mile before I was supposed to get off of the turnpike in Cranberry. It was dark when it happened so I thought the damage wasn't bad. Then I went out and looked at it the next morning. Boy was I wrong! Needless to say the deer won!   I had damage to the grill, hood, right headlight, right fender and both right doors. So I reported the accident to our agent at State Farm and she asked were I wanted to take it to be fixed and I said anywhere but #1 Cochran Collision were we took it the last time, but I wasn't happy with their work. My wife suggested Eazor's because they are literally located right around the corner from our house. They are located on Long Road in Penn Hills.  Our agent said how Eazor's was a top rated State Farm repair shop and how that was hard to do. So I took it down the next day and Ted the owner was there. He came outside and took tons of pictures of all the damage then put them on his computer and pulled up schematics of all the parts the car would need. He then ordered them and told me when to bring the car in which was about a week later because they were so busy.   I then brought the car in when Ted said to and he even had Enterprise get a rental car ready for us. He even had one of his workers give us a ride to Enterprise to save time. Ted said the car would be done in six days and it was! They even detailed the car. It even looked better then the day we bought it from #1 Cochran!   Eazor's is open Monday through Friday 8am to 5pm. They also offer free pick up and delivery. I highly recommend him!~cranberry. 
Got my hotcakes and sausage patty breakfast on the go and it was delicious. Orange juice was nice and cold, I hate it when I get warm OJ, it's just not the same.~sausage 
Staying at the Signature MGM you can walk to the mall and eat here.  Tons of seating, food came out fast.  They were out of the dressing for my salad but that's the way it goes sometimes.  Very friendly staff too.~salad 
This review is strictly for the wacker than wack McDonalds a.k.a McDONT  So me and my best girl partied hard one nite n Vegas and as u know all things must cum 2 an end. So after the club we go back to our hotel room which is at the MGM. We stop at the front desk to ask if anything was still open at 4 in da monin. They said yes if u walk to our farmers market (which is kinda far and even farther if u been on your feet all day & all nite in some hills) we have a pizza spot & a McDonalds that's 24hours. I so hat3 McD's so we said we would walk back there for the pizza.   So needless to say we get there and both lines are long but McDONT'S is shorter. We both are tired azz h3ll & just want something in our system so we can soak up the liquor & go to bed. So we stand in line for I don't know how long for that nasty azz food get up to the freakin counter to hear we outta food all we have is 5 fishes and 2 chicken. EXCUSE ME !!   1st off ... what the h3ll language r u speakin ? I guess 5 fishes is supposed to be fillet of fish & the 2 chicken with no "s" is supposed to be some kind of chicken sandwich. So 2nd'ly...I get upset bcuz y u did not announce that to everyone standing in line. Were practically standing there 4 no freakin reason. So my girl orders the darn 2 chicken. 3rd...who in the h3ll is managing this place ? How r u gonna b open 24hrs and DON'T have any food ? Just freakin turn the lights off at 10pm y don't u !!!  So now were on the long walk back to the room. We get there kick our shoes off get comfy open up our 2 chicken and WOW... bread...mayo...chicken. WHERE THE H3LL IS MY LETTUCE ? WHERE IS MY TOMATOES ? So now I am forced to eat this dry azz sandwich no fries to go with it ( thats the only thing i eat at McDont's is there addictive french fries) and some left over water from the club cuz oh yes...these fools didnt have any beverages either.  Can some 1 help me understand how a fast food chain that claim they sold over a billion hamburgers and so forth run out of food...IN VEGAS...@ THE MGM GRAND who has bookoo money.  So the next nite U know we had to do it all over again but this time we went straight to the pizza spot. I told the pizza man what happened the night b4 and he said  "IT'S ALWAYS LIKE THAT, THEY SHUT DOWN IF THEY RUN OUT OF KETCHUP PACKAGES"  In an event of a late night... DO NOT GO 2 MCDONT'S !!!!! U will b HIGHLY upset !  0.0 stars...They deserve 100 rocks thrown @ em~pizza pizza chicken. chicken chicken sandwich. chicken. chicken chicken. lettuce ? sandwich fries french fries 
You got lucky being right near the start line at 6:15am when it was 30 degrees out, the line at Starbucks was a mile long, and my friend and I have this tradition of getting your egg mcmuffins at each race since the San Diego Rock 'n' Roll marathon.    We woke up extra early, braved the elements, and you were wonderfully warm.  We decided we would stay inside that blanket of heat until the start of the race.  It turns out everyone else had the same idea but the lines moved fast.  Wow!  How is that possible?  Oh, you anticipated this so you have egg mcmuffins all ready to go as well as coffee and juice.  You made them the night before?  How good can they possibly be?    I order mine without sausage and your employee freaks out.  He tells me they're already made and if I could just take the sausage out.  I give him a look and say I want it made fresh.  He consults with another employee and ultimately the manager and they agree that I should get a fresh egg mcmuffin.  Gee, thanks.  Also, what's with the $7 price tag?  Did you raise the prices the night before the marathon?  I've never paid that much for a combo meal.  You're supposed to be the cheap breakfast option.  I get my supposed fresh egg mcmuffin and notice it's not so fresh.  The cheese is burnt as well as the muffin and there's sausage residue on my muffin.  How did that happen?  My juice is warm because you left it out in anticipation of a rush.    Next marathon, I won't be coming back.  I'll buy muffins somewhere the night before and just make do.~egg egg coffee sausage sausage egg egg cheese sausage 
Why the (bleep) am I reviewing the McDonald's in MGM's Studio Walk ~ especially since just around the corner you got some of the finest dining in the world like Joel Robuchon's L'Atelier and Michael Mina's Seablue?  'cause I ate at this McDonald's recently, that's why.  It was Sunday at around the crack o' dawn (that's with a small "d," not a capital "D") and I was, ahem, not feeling particularly bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. Plus I had to catch a flight to NYC in a couple of hours.  So what's a knackered lad like me supposed to do? Eat the greasiest thing in my purview, that's what. There's nothing like a Sausage McMuffin with egg and hash browns to soak up the (mumble, mumble) glasses of G-and-T's I sucked down the night before.  Thank goodness for the McDonald's, I say!   And if you disagree, you just can sit-'n'-spin.~sausage egg 
So your probably wondering, why would anyone bother to yelp a McDonald's.  I'll tell you why! I love Mickey D chicken nuggets, and as often as I eat them, I have never been to a McDonald's before that told me they are out of Sweet & Sour sauce!!!  Seriously it's like WTF! How do you run out of Sweet & Sour sauce!!!  With the amount of preservatives in it, I don't think the stuff ever expires, so you should have a crate of it in back just in case!~chicken nuggets, 
Went to this in late January when returning from a late night walking out on the strip (probably between 12 and 1 in the morning), trying to find something to eat in the giant MGM.  Seemed like we had to walk forever to find this place, which we weren't actually looking for, but rather were just trying to find something to eat, period.  The other places at this food court were closed and the only other signs of life were the blasting music coming from the clubs before and after it.  A typical McDonalds which I guess is opened late, if not all the time?  They did have something I never saw before, which was being able to order 40 nuggets (I think?) at a time, which is no doubt popular for the cheap party crowd?     Anyways we had quarter pounders and fries which weren't anything special and really nothing more than a way of taking care of a late night hunger.  Service was ordinary, and the tables in the food court were in decent repair with a sleeping bum (I'm assuming by his clothing and appearance) and some young college aged kids as patrons.~fries 
The ABSOLUTE worst McDonald's on the planet! PERIOD! The only reason why I didn't give them a 1 star is because Mcdonald's food is great!  The service at this particular restaurant is by far the suckiest form of service known to man. My 4 year old niece delivers food to me in a more respectable way. After waiting in line for 45 mins to order, you have to wait another 45 mins to get your food. The only thing I can imagine playing in my head while watching how the workers go about their duties could be circus theme music.   We were talking to people around us while we stood in amazement on how bad the service was. One lady waited 30 mins for coffee, not leaving just to see how long it would actually take for her coffee to come. After the second time she asked for her coffee, the manager herself had the audacity to give her attitude.   As a continuing supportive customer to the Mcdonald's brand, I strongly suggest that you send people there to teach them how to run their lines. The people their obviously do not know what they are doing!~coffee, coffee coffee, 
Bin nach langer Zeit wieder mal in der Metro gewesen. Am Einlaß meinte schon der nette Herr, mit der Karte stimmt wohl was nicht. Ich habe ihm daraufhin gesagt, dass es vielleicht daran liegt, dass ich schon lange nicht mehr da war. Er hat mich dann trotzdem durchgelassen. Ich kaufe vorwiegend Fleisch bei der Metro ein, das argentinische Fleisch ist sehr gut, ebenso die gefrorenen Schweinefiletköpfe und die Fischabteilung ist auch ok. Das Gastronomenpublikum ist noch primitiver geworden, zumindest an diesem Tag und die Kleidungsabteilung hat extrem nachgelassen, früher gab es da noch interessante Markenware, inzwischen ist selbst Vögele o.ä, modisch mehr up to date. Was mich aber besonders geärgert hat, war der Check Out . Als ich am Schalter zum Zahlen stand, ging die Kassiererin wortlos mit meiner Karte los und war dann nicht mehr gesehen, keine Erklärung warum oder weshalb. Nach geraumer Zeit kam sie dann mit einer Vorgesetzten, die mir mitteilte, dass meine Karte nicht mehr gültig ist, weil ich so lange nicht mehr eingekauft hatte. Die Artikel durfte ich dann gnädigerweise noch mitnehmen, aber nur wenn ich in bar oder mit Kreditkarte anstatt mit Scheckkarte zahlte. Außerdem teilte sie der Kassiererin zweimal mit, dass sie auch ja die Kundenkarte vernichten sollte, die hatte mir dann noch eine andere Kundin vorgezogen, obwohl ich ja schon lange genug gewartet hatte. Ich kam mir also in jeder Hinsicht so vor, als hätte ich etwas Böses getan und sollte nun dafür bestraft werden. Einen neuen Ausweis müsste ich dann wieder beantragen, aber das muss ich mir noch sehr überlegen, es gibt ja auch noch andere Großhandelsläden wie z.B. Selgros oder Mega.~date. 
Located in the "Oakville Entertainment Centrum", this AMC cinema is a behemoth - 24 screens! - that's been around for a decade or so. You'd hardly know it walking in - washrooms are kept clean and in decent working order, and the whole place still feels very modern and well-maintained. Maybe the state of the art in cinemas simply hasn't advanced that much in that time.  As with most cinemas, you'll have little to no choice of which one to visit depending on how set you are on watching a given movie - if, say, Inglorious Basterds is playing at the AMC, odds are it won't be playing at the Famous Players up the street, so your options are limited.  Ticket prices are pretty standard I feel for the big chains in the area - $12.50 general admission as at this writing. I distinctly remember them having a student admission a few years back, but that seems to be gone. No matter for me, as I'm no longer in a position to take advantage of such.  Projection equipment are kept fairly up to date - there is 3D capability, digital surround sound, digital projection, the works, though not on all screens. Seating is stadium style, so views are good, and the seats are comfortable, with cupholders in the armrests.  Concessions are, as many will point out, pricey to say the least - $18ish with tax for two large drinks and a large popcorn last I was there. There is, of course, a good reason for this - that's where they make most of their profit, and all of their profit on opening weekends. If you're a fan of parody, take a look at the entertainment industry's take on "accounting" - it'd be hilarious if it wasn't true!  My biggest peeve with this theatre is that they make it so hard for me to give them my money. Don't even think about using the manned ticket windows - go straight for the terminals on the side, or you'll never get in. Out of the eight or so windows there, only the middle two seem to ever be staffed. Once inside, the two satellite concession stands have only been operational twice that I've seen in the ten years I've been coming here. This makes for long and confusing lines at the main concession. Also, a big strike against them for discontinuing my beloved salt and vinegar popcorn seasoning. For shame, AMC.  In the end, as with all movie theatre reviews, the point is pretty well moot anyways, since if your movie is playing here, that's probably your option. That said, though I don't mind coming here, it isn't my favourite.~date - popcorn popcorn 
Great place to have a date! Located with new restaurants blooming around it! They have Demetres icecream, a brand new Turtble Jacks, Boston Pizza and a ton more! The theatre is huge and clean!  Its so big you can hop movies ;D if you know what I mean.. Clean washrooms, and friendly staff! Tickets are overpriced - 13$ Adult! But its got COMFY chairs, lots of leg room & Armrests that lift up! ;D Perfect for dates!~date! pizza 
I worked here for 6 months 11-12 years ago, shortly after it first opened. I've been there a hand full of times since then.  The theaters themselves are usually as presentable as I expect. Obviously the concessions are super inflated so I would recommend staying away from that if you can. When I was there it cost them 19 cents to make a bag of large popcorn that sold for over $4, to give you an idea of the kind of mark ups you can unfortunately expect from a big chain like this, or any movie theater for that matter.   The entertainment complex around it has built up nicely and there are a number of good places to eat/get drinks etc. that are literally steps from AMC~popcorn 
Oh, the trusty AMC. I remember the very date this theatre opened -- December 18th, 1998 -- mostly because I was scheduled to work there. Donned in polyester pants, a way-too-large short-sleeved button-down shirt (with fucking epaulettes) and a headset, I worked the fishbowl that is the ticket box office and welcomed slack-jawed theatre-goers to what was then the largest theatre in Canada. Situated in a PenEquity 'entertainment centrum/hellhole' (and surrounded by shitbox restaurants I used to love) AMC WC24 is the place to be if you live in Oakville/Mississauga, and you're bored, and you're anywhere outside the ages of 19-34.  Now, multiplexes like this one are the norm and once-stunning features like stadium seating and giant screens are old hat. That said, if I'm not checking out an underground or indie theatre, AMC is my fave. This particular one has an unfortunate space theme (above the main concession is garish lettering that reads "Foodyssey" (what?) and guest services is known as "Mission Control" (yeah)), but everything else is respectable. The theatre floors are not sticky, the seats are super comfy, and every armrest is equipped with a cupholder. Genius. Those same armrests also lift up if you want to engage in some unnecessary PDA with your neighbour, but I would prefer you don't. So don't.  I come every year on Christmas Eve for a triple movie marathon with my buddy Rich, and it's always good times. Like any multiplex you will be violently gouged at concession, but unbelieveably you can still get $6 tix before noon even on weekends. The MovieWatcher card is an excellent loyalty program for frequent visitors. I'll always come back to this theatre, but I'll be damned if I work here again.  Obligatory Title Pun: AMCee you there, Oakville.  Menu Readability: The combos don't include prices. If you have to ask...  Need to mention: They do washrooms right here. Completely touchless.  What this place teaches me about myself: After shifts, I used to visit Boston Pizza regularly. Wow, I used to suck.~date pizza 
I visited Concentra for my pre-employment drug screen and when I walked in, I thought oh this is a cool space. Much nicer than other Concentra's I had visited in other cities.  Check in was pretty easy and the chairs in the lobby are very comfortable. They provide two TV's to watch and both were on ESPN during my visit. They have a complimentary coffee and tea bar and also complimentary water bottles.  Really what is stand out for me here is their customer service. I had my family with me and I guess I was too comfortable to notice how long I had been there, about 45 minutes. One of the employees came out and apologized for the long wait and let me know that there was only one other person in front of me and that it shouldn't be long. She then also attended to my son and asked him if he wanted juice and  a snack and of course he was quick to say yes. So she came back with two options for a healthy snack and some apple juice.   She really touched me by that action. I appreciated her gesture and for me, she went above and beyond.  My drug test was also very simple and the lady administering the test was very friendly and sincere.   I know I only came here for a drug test but I do know that they also offer urgent care and I would definitely not hesitate in coming in for those services.~coffee tea apple 
Very good food! I work in Lincoln Square Mall and it's nice to see good places to eat or shop at joing the Lincoln Square Mall, I have lunch there often and the pizza is great! The Chorizo stuffed Mushrooms are to die for! The space is large so it would be a fun place to host a get together at. I would recommend their pizza to anyone!~pizza mushrooms pizza 
This place is a winner.  Pizza has elements of Monical's and Papa Del's...but brings it's own game to the table.  Recommend!~pizza 
Large space. Would be great for a party. Pizza very reminiscent of Village Inn pizza-thin crunchy crust with nice amount of cheese and Italian sausage to make it chewy, tasty and filling. Gourmet pizza it is not. It was a Thursday night so I didn't expect a crowd, but I wasn't sure our waiter was on his A game. I hope they are able to fill the place up on weekends.~pizza pizza cheese sausage pizza 
We love Black Rock!!! This is THE best place to get pizza!! We became fans when they were over on Race St. Now that they have more room it's even better!!! They also have live music, real pinball tables, and support local charities. My kind of place!!!!!~pizza 
This is the worst frozen yogurt place I've ever been to!  First, when I first went last summer, they were pretty new.  I thought that was why it was so plain inside.  They also didn't have much to offer.  The frozen yogurt was too tart and then only offered 2 or 3 flavors--none of which I liked.  There was a plain flavor (ick!), mango, and maybe peach or something else strange.  And they put the toppings on themselves.  They barely put anything on there!  Definitely not worth the cost!  Oh!!  And because they were new, their website was pretty plain and boring.  However, I must add that it had soooo many grammatical errors.  So unprofessional!  And I see now that their website has nothing on it.  How can you have a business in 2009 and not have a website?  I've been in since then and it still is just as bad as then.  The yogurt is disgusting and I would never go here again.  It's disappointing because I don't have any other frozen yogurt places near my house!~frozen yogurt frozen yogurt mango, peach frozen yogurt 
They use frozen fruit now. The mango (topping) and colored jellies tasted funky. Mochi is still too soft. Froyo melts quicker than normal still. Tasted like it was from a powdered mix. ICK. I don't plan on going back again.~mango ( jellies 
Great yogurt. I really liked the mango topped with strawberries. Taste the green tea as well. Very yummy. ;)~mango tea 
Look, this isn't going to be for everyone. I get that, but Sarku Japan has been a not-so-guilty pleasure of mine since my days working at an AT&T retailer at Belden Village mall. Today, Danielle had to return some things to a couple stores at the mall so I went along and got lunch in the dining court. I've tried the chicken teriyaki but my favorite is the beef teriyaki w/ shrimp and a little sriracha sauce. I wish i lived closer to a Sarku location because it's one of my favorite lunch meals and it's very filling (beef, shrimp, rice and veggies w/ teriyaki sauce). for only about $8 it can't really be beat.~chicken beef shrimp beef, shrimp, 
I mean, it's a sushi joint in a mall. I didn't expect much coming in so I guess I wasn't disappointed when it wasn't that good. The sushi was quite horrible. I expected that, but I was hopeful. The best deals here are the teriyaki and rice dishes. Big portions, low prices, and decent flavor. I was quite happy with this basic dish.~sushi sushi 
Lost in the sauce. Ordered a bento box. It was not a rush lunch hour, very slow. Was not offered a drink and customer service is terrible. Just as bad as last time.  I don't know how long a bento box takes but give me a heads up. The staff was more concerned with their lunch and we're arguing about something in the back.  Finally got most of the box, they said they will bring my tempura to my table when ready.  In short, I will either go to Charley's or ruby thai kitchen.~thai 
Had lunch at this Pizza Express with 2 others. It is located in a former church and listed building, but I thought the light fittings looked awful and it was feeezing inside (probably hard to heat with the high ceilings), so the venue did not add the experience. The food itself was fine, but nothing memorable. We shared a pizza, superfood salad and a bruschetta. It is extremely pricey for what it is and I wouldn't go without using a voucher code, which Pizza Express always has in abundance. I don't think I will be returning to this particular restaurant.~pizza pizza salad pizza 
It is Pizza Express so no real surprises. The conversion of the building in Morningside is really lovely and it is pretty airy and has a slightly different feel from the Pizza Express I visited at The Shore a couple of weeks ago.  I did enjoy my visit but why a different rating from The Shore? I think the Morningside branch is definitely successful and this is part of the problem. Morningside doesn't have a huge amount in it - a few bars, cafes and Indian restaurants but for kid friendly places then PE is a magnet. Combine this with the offer of take away then it is bloody busy. Good for a manager, not so good for a customer who is hungry.  We arrived (after booking) and got our table quickly. We did arrive at 6.15 so if you are not a fan of little people throwing tantrums then eat later. This didn't bother us.   We had a voucher so 2 courses for £10. Starters we had were sweet potato risotto and a tomato and mozzarella salad were well received. Tasty and we were looking forward to our mains.   Now I like a break between my courses but we must have been around 45 mins between courses. I am still not unconvinced our two gluten free pizza's were not given to another table. Anyway, it was a long wait and it did spoil our experience. My pizza was softer than The Shore version, not so much crisp which I very much enjoyed before. Still good but not as great as before. We were right beside the kitchen area and it was clear there needed to be more people on this section to cope with all the orders. People who arrived after us were out before us and 1hr 50 mins for 2 courses is not great. I was pleased I was heading home and not to the cinema.   Staff are really nice and friendly but my stomach isn't that forgiving. I'll probably come here again as it is local for work but I'll probably eat more before, just in case I have a LONG wait...~pizza pizza sweet potato 
It's the new Pizza Express in Morningside, what a complete dump! The tables are literally about ten centimetres apart which means you can't have a conversation without the person beside you hearing. Seriously, it's so close together, my elbow kept hitting of the strangers at the table beside us. It has mega bright lights shining in your eyes whilst you are trying to eat and the most arrogant, pretentious waiters ever who look down their noses at you!!! The place opened yesterday and already it is filthy! The staff are wearing ripped jeans and muddy trainers some with dirty laces dragging behind them. I witnessed a cook with a beard scratching it before touching food, he then coughed continuously over fresh plates (At that point we nearly walked out!) The floor was disgusting, so much so, I had to take pictures. The kitchen, which is open view, was also filthy (See the pictures attached). The staff clearly can't be bothered, the manager looks like he hates everyone and you are an inconvenience, the place is revoltingly disgusting, the staff have serious hygiene problems with regards to food handling, the tables are lit up like a football pitch (which only shows up the dirt even more!) and the food was mediocre and severely over priced. My biggest problem with this restaurant was that my shirt sleeves stuck to the table, how hard is it to wipe a table before customers sit at it? If they can't clean the tables I seriously doubt that the food preparation surfaces will be clean either. We will NEVER go back and I would strongly recommend that you stay well away from this dump. Please see the photographs.~pizza 
Pizza express is Pizza Express. What I do like however is that the decor and use of space is always a bit different in each one( here we have quotes from the Prime of Mis Jean Brodie-perfect for the location, and the food, whilst a chain restaurant is always tasty and satisfying. There are always deals available on the internet, and it is a good place to go with a crowd.  It's great to have somewhere else to go locally, and I can see myself being a frequent visitor to this branch although I like the George IV Bridge one too. My doughballs, Giardiniera pizza and truffle ice cream were yummy and I managed to finish the whole lot in no time.   My highlight of this branch though were the young and extra enthusiastic staff, who were strutting their stuff to James Brown in between courses. Excellent entertainment, The interior works well with the fabric of the building ( a former church) it doesn't feel too corporate.  So yeah, Pizza Express, you always deliver and I am a fan. You should be too.~pizza pizza pizza ice cream brown pizza 
It's not the cheapest pizzeria in the area but consistency is what I like most about Pizza Express.   My delicious favourite pizza tastes and looks exactly the same each time we go there.   Personally I have always found the well-trained staff to be attentive and professional in every way. However the atmosphere is a bit sterile and it's more of a lunchtime or teatime venue. I wouldn't choose it for a special night out.~pizza pizza 
We were in the area for the cinema so decided to check out this branch of the chain. I booked a table online as we were a wee bit pushed for time & I wan't sure how busy it would be.   We arrived early (pretty amazing for me!) & they had no record of my booking. I was  even asked me if I had the right day! I showed the email confirmation & it was shrugged off. The place wasn't that busy but we were left for 10 mins while someone went to sort out a table. We weren't off to the best of starts...  The service was really slow when we were eventually seated. There only seemed to be 2 wait staff on & a big group had arrived a wee while before us but 45 mins to get a pizza & a salad - I felt it was an excessive wait given the order. The food itself was fine, typical Pizza Express fayre. I had wanted to try the Calzone which is a recent addition to the menu but I was told that the kitchen had run out of some of the ingredients.  The building itself was impressive & I especially like the quotes & pictures on the wall from "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie". I like that they kept the church organ. I don't like that the tables are really squished together - so much so that we felt we having dinner with the couple next to us.   Then there was another 15 min wait to get the bill.   Loses a star for the poor service on arrival & the agonising wait. Oh & the fact that I had to run up the hill in heels afterwards to get to the cinema in time.~pizza salad - pizza 
3.5 Star  Just love local breweries..... So I love Junction brewery. A little out of the way from the main business area, but definitely worth your while to drop by to pay a visit!  Tasting room: You can try everything on taps for less than $2 for a 5 oz  - Extra Pale Ale, English Brown Ale, Warrior Pale Ale, Grand Truck Bitter, Stationmaster's Stout and Unfiltered Shacklands Pale Ale  Retail store: Growlers to go... from $12 and up  Friendly staffs: really laidback vibe.. like someone's basement or garage!  Please check the opening hours since they are limited. (Thursday/Friday 4-8 pm)  If not, their conductor's beer is readily available in some area bars.~brown 
Many micro breweries are set up in industrial area and don't have a glamorous tap room, but Junction Craft is about as laid back as it gets.  Walking into the room, it feels like the tables, brewing tanks, and office are all sharing space.  The day we visited, the large picnic bench type of table was occupied by a big group, and the smaller table by another.  As we stood there after getting our beers, the guy suggested that we could sit at the office desk which is by the side, and indeed we did.  We looked, but couldn't find any secret recipe, lol.   They offer a lot of beers on tap, all of them their own brews, ranging from wheat to IPA to stout. They are mostly straight forward Belgian styles, with no fanciful ingredient or treatment. They also have cask beer too, if you are curious to try.  You can get all the beers by a small pour, allowing you to try as many varieties as you wish.~wheat 
Love this place!  Great friendly staff and plenty of delicious beers to choose from.  I've hardly been back to the LCBO since the Junction Brewery opened especially since their Growlers (2L) and 500ml bottles are competitively priced.    Check out their twitter feed or facebook page for up to date beer lists.~date 
We definitely didn't come in for the Bee Gees music but we definitely left because of it. Although my breaded steak was ok, my orange juice was straight from a bottle, and the music video with all your favorite easy listening bands just didn't do it for me. In fact, they made things worse by turning up the music as we ate, even though there was only six people in the restaurant. We ended up running for our lives out of here.~steak 
While staying at the El Cortez Hotel for the 2009 NASCAR races, my buddy mentioned that there was a little Mexican-Cuban restaurant directly across the street that he wanted to try out. I am so thankful that he suggested Mamacita's!  I ordered the #5 combo, a Chile Relleno so delicious that I couldn't stop raving about the flavor in between each bite. Also included was a fried carnitas taco that was fatty & flavorful - a great combination at $10.95.   What also set this place apart was the large LCD TV playing a video of Elvis Presley bringing down the house. Great DVD, great sound! On my second visit alone, I ordered the same dinner, plus two ice cold Coronas, while watching a DVD of the greats from the disco era.  Probably the only reason that I would stay at the El Cortez Hotel again is that the hotel is so perfectly situated to this little restaurant - check it out!~taco 
One time, we walked out of this place because the waitress never brought menus or acknowledged that we had entered the restaurant. She did seem very busy, so we came back another time and gave them another shot. This was a mistake. Please walk down to the Burrito Factory trailer parked across the street from Western Casino instead; those ladies seem much more appreciative of your business.  Hoping their Cuban selections wouldn't disappoint, I ordered the Cuban-style vegetable fajitas. It is very hard to screw up veggie fajitas, but the frozen vegetable medley was mushy and lacked any pizzazz. The rice and black beans were OK, and the greasy Cuban garlic bread was good, pretty standard.   I'm not sure how drunk they expect their average patron to be, but they serve this garbage without shame. Thinking about this place makes me crave a chile relleno burrito from the Burrito Factory down the street.~burrito black beans garlic burrito burrito 
Once in a while, miracles happen to me. It's often while I'm traveling, which is probably because (a) you're in a more desperate, survivalist state when you don't have your bearings and therefore unexpected discoveries seem more miraculous, and (b) when I travel I visit almost exclusively the historic downtown core of any place, which is usually where everything magical resides.   Now, I may be the only person in the world who travels to Las Vegas to visit the historic downtown core, but this is who I am and you're just going to have to learn to deal with it. Also, fuck the Strip. It's the same shitty middleamerican crowd, it's just more expensive and larger scale, which are shitty middleamerican things anyway.  Back to the historic downtown core thing, they appear to be doing some civic redevelopment stuff in the "East Fremont Street" area. So when LB and I were traipsing around in the 105 degree heat admiring historic neon signs and abandoned wedding chapels, and we noticed a big sign across from the El Cortez for "MEX/CUBAN FOOD", I knew immediately that a travel miracle was upon us. And it was.   First of all, it is the cutest fucking place you have ever seen. From the neon signage to the bright pink and gold chairs and pleather booths to the waitresses' dresses, it makes you want to kill yourself for ever having eaten at a crappy Chevy's. It's the real deal. It also has a giant big screen TV upon which we witnessed the following: latin music videos on "htv" (hispanic tv? anyway, h-urbano was our favorite channel), music videos featuring booty shaking ladies and armadillos, and - this is for real - a DVD concert series of recent performances by KC & the Sunshine Band, Wild Cherry, and the Trammps. Now, if you know me, you know that disco music is the way to my heart. So Mamacita's, you had me at Play That Funky Music Whiteboy. But I'm not sure you had the large Mexican family eating at pushed-together tables, because they were not stoked when you turned off the Urbano. Also, I should add that the sound system is first rate, and I think at night it turns into a dance club. Sweet.  So, we also learned, "Mex/Cuban" does not mean a mishmosh of two cuisines. Apparently the owner (?) is Mexican, and her husband is Cuban, which means they have two distinct menus, one for each cuisine. Which results in more delicious choices for you, the customer. I would recommend ordering everything under "side orders" and a Cuban Sandwich. That's what I did. You may want to play it more on the healthy side and order the vegetarian fajitas, or the avocado salad. I know this because I ate those, too. Also, make sure to get the yuca. It comes two ways: fried, and in an oily roasted garlic sauce. I mean, you might as well get both of those, too. I'm not going to lie and say we didn't.  You can also get an entire roasted tilapia, if that's your thing. We actually didn't order that.   Anyway, the point is that the food in Vegas is so generally shitty that when you're ready for a meal that doesn't involve processed lunch meat or $0.99 shrimp cocktail, Mamacita's is there for you, so be ready to EAT.  Also, the ladies serving you are pretty much the nicest people I've ever met, so if you are one of those assholes that is rude to cab drivers and waitstaff, please don't go in here because I will be forced to break knees.  The customer base is eclectic. A nice mix of latin families, oddly misplaced white people and the local street characters, of which there seem to be many on this part of East Fremont. On the walk back to the hotel I was asked if my ethnic heritage includes Russian by a dude smoking a doob in plain sight, and I'm pretty sure I saw Aileen Wuornos order a burrito. But something about it was way less scary than the nasty hooker trash at the Palms.~cherry, sandwich. avocado salad. garlic shrimp white burrito. 
Ok it's true, it's not on the best stretch of road in Vegas.   However, the food makes it worth the trek.  My wife and I were in Vegas for a few days and I think we ate breakfast here three times, that's how good it was.  Other than a fair price and good service.  The breakfast was so filling I usually didn't eat again until 4pm or 5pm.  We would have the Cuban or Mexican breakfast consisting of rice, eggs, beans, bread, plantains or a similar variation.   Believe it or not, the coffee was excellent.  I hear the secret is a little cinnamon thrown in when they  brew it.  Next time we hit Vegas Mamacita's will be on our list of places to eat.  Hopefully by then they'll stop running the same Selena live DVD.~coffee 
My friend Karen had seen this restaurant and had made mental note that she wanted to give it a shot.   We decided this is where we would do dinner last night, before hitting up the Western for $1 shots and beers and then to Dino's for Karaoke.   Wow where do I start?   Waited about 15 minutes until we were finally approached for a drink order, let alone questions regarding the menu. I had never had Cuban food at a restaurant so I was a bit clueless on what certain things were.   I asked the waitress what the house specialty is or what is ordered the most and or popular, she then points out a few things on the menu and says this is OK, um that is OK. Well you know what lady, I am looking for more than just "OK".   Crappy service for starters, after finally coming to take our order it took another 15 minutes or so to get our drinks. The food took forever, and only two of four meals were brought. So I am sitting waiting until my friends food comes so I can eat. I said screw it, my fajitas are getting cold waiting so I dug in!   After the non helpful suggestions from the waitress, I decided to play it safe and ordered the beef and chicken fajitas which came with a side plate of rice and beans. The fajitas were a large portion of dry unseasoned chicken and beef. Not much flavor at all to speak of. I have had better fajitas at El Torito's. Disappointment for me as even the rice and beans were bland, very bland!   Friend #1 ordered a bowl of menudo, she said the flavor was not the best and she is an old school menudo eater. She asked the waitress prior if it their menudo had a red or white base, the waitress pulled the menu and pointed to the picture and said that is what it looks like. Also her plate was a sloppy mess when it arrived, menudo juice all over the plate and running down the side of the bowl, the presentation was just bad. I know they were rushing to get orders out but there is just no excuse for that slop to be dropped at anyone's table. I attached a picture, check it out.  Friend #2 got the Tequila pollo dish with a side order of chile releno. The chicken was one big slab on the plate, would have made a better eater friendly and a visually appealing meal had they sliced it. The portion was generous but did not matter as the taste once again was bland as the other dishes we tried.   Friend #3 got some sort of beef dish that was nothing but grizzle, all she was able to eat was the white rice and the black beans she spit up. Literally had a plate of wasted meat left. She probably should have sent it back as was basically inedible. The service was slow, and not very friendly, did not seem like a good outcome if a complaint was issued, I think that is the vibe we felt. Still I would have issued my complaint as they can not improve something if they are not aware or getting the complaint.   Service and food very disappointing.   The tab was $80.00 for four of us for bad service and plain, unflavored food. We will NOT be back.   Also the flat screen TV blasting the Michael Jackson videos, over and over and over and over and over was overkill. We could not hear each other so we had very little conversation between the four of us.   A hilarious moment, the waitress walked past our table and because the music video was soooooo freakin loud the waitress did not even hear my friend calling her! We just wanted to ask if they could turn it down. Several other patrons were talking about it as well. Ok they were not talking about it as I could not hear anyone, I mean I was lip reading along with watching people point to their ears so I am assuming they were thinking the same as we were that the music was way too loud. Don't get me wrong...music is my life but when I dine I am not really down for a taped concert at the same time. It was ridiculous how loud it was.  This place sucks balls...and not the good kind!   This place just gave reason for a bitch fest that night from my friends, and they are not even Yelpers! I never want to endure that again!  They should also train their employees on cuban food, not cool for a specialty restaurant to have staff that is clueless in regards to the menu.  Service sucks  Poor food  Pricey~beef chicken chicken beef. white chicken beef white black beans 
Everyone has been raving about this place, and we couldn't wait to try it. Located off off the strip on Fremont Street across the street from the El Cortez Hotel, (We parked there!) we were surprised to find it relatively empty at 9pm. (It was a FREEZING night!)   For this one, I'm going to go with listing the Pluses and Minuses:   (+) + Easy Parking, across the street at the El Cortez + Roomy, good for groups + Cheeeep eats! Huge portions!   (-)  - What was the *DEAL* with them BLASTING the Eagles DVD and then after that the BRITNEY DVD on HIGH VOLUME at 9:30PM on a Monday night? I was running low on energy at that point in the evening and the volume was reaaaaaaly too high for me, cranky ol' lady. I hear they usually play salsa music, which is would have much preferred (not hatin' on the Eagles, actually.)  - It was Freeeeezing in there- we sat near the window, perhaps that was why? Bring a sweater if you're coming here for dinner in winter-time.  - The meals arrived ~20 minutes after we sat down, which is fine, but the plates were SUPER COLD to the touch... for those of you who know how much I love my food PIPING DANGEROUSLY HOT, this was a minus for me.   Overall: a solid 3.75 stars, as the food was tasty tasty and it's a great deal on some Quality food. Service was friendly, and they let us sit around a few minutes after they closed, as we were just engaged in catching up.~salsa 
I'm not sure if this place is called Mamacita's or Mamita's... The sign outside says Mamita's yet you could get a menu that says Mamita's or Mamacita's. No bid deal. What really matters is the food and service, right!?!?!  When I walked in to the restaurant, I was quickly transported back to my childhood when I visited my abuela's house. It smelled like her house and was decorated just as gaudily with knick-knacks and other various decor. Right away I could sense some authenticity.  Food was great! It did take longer than I am used to, however I do believe Cuban food that is prepared properly will inevitably take time. The waitress happily substituted the fries that came with my meal for the platanos. When I got my meal, it looked as though I was given a whole banana. Everything was cooked properly and seasoned well.  The service was good. The waitress was attentive enough. If we needed her, she was there. She was pleasant. No complaints here.  I will definitely be going back!~fries banana. 
Recently we were in Vegas for a little getaway. On our last night there we had a craving for Mexican food. I googled Mexican eateries downtown and Mamacita's popped up. Of course I Yelped it and the reviews were generaly positive so we decided to go. It was a short walm from our hotel downtown. Even tough Mamacita's is close to the heart of Freemont St., Mamacita's is in a neighborhood filled with panhandlers. Even whe. We arrived at Mamacita's, there was a guy sleelping in a booth which the waitress called security on. I guess she had warned him about sleeping but he didn't heed her advice. However, security arrived quickly and whisked the sleepy guy away.  The fresh salsa at Mamacita's is delicious. It has a wonderful flavor and is just the right amount of hot. They have a large menu filled with many Mexican as well as Cuban selections. The tortillas were cold and hard, but I enjoyed my meal anyway. Besides that, I was surprised by the lack of good Mexican eateries in Las Vegas.  Living in San Diego they are a dime a dozen. I guess I'm spoiled. But if you're in Vegas, hungry for Mexican (or Cuban) food, and  have a sense of adventure, Mamacita's might be the place for you!~salsa 
I went to Fremont Street hoping to finally try LeThai. But as is my luck with any Tony Hsieh supported business I had another bad experience as LeThai was closed. So I head back to the parking garage at the El Cortez hungry and wondering what to do. I step out of the elevator and see Mamacita's. Or is it Mamita's? Heck if I know, it's Mexican food, my second most favorite thing except pizza. I punch the down button, a couple steps through the casino and across Fremont has me inside waiting on someone to help me.   Mamacita's is s-l-o-w. Like the polar ice caps will be melted by the time they get to you slow. I grabbed a seat and waited to get a menu. I waited to get salsa, which by the way they brought chips and a medium and a hot salsa, both of which were good. I waited to finally get someone to take my order. Meanwhile I'm sitting there facing Fremont St. watching ESPN on the flat screen on the wall and waiting some more. Finally I get my lunch special, a taco, enchilada, rice, and beans. They used regular beans, not dehydrated beans which was a surprise of sorts. The taco was crispy but had me relying heavily on the salsa to make it good. And everything else was just ho-hum.   I also ordered ice tea, which was good but they brought out the sugar tray and all it had in it was artificial sweetners. I'm sorry but I only do real sugar when I'm out, or Xyla at home, I won't use anything else. So not having real sugar on the table was something I didn't like.   I got a phone call so I had to leave and it took forever to get someone's attention and to get my check. I tried to hand my server my debit card but she ignored it, went up and printed my ticket then came back and got it. Seriously, I needed to go at that point, when I tell you to just run the damn card, run the damn card.   If I was on Fremont Street and hungry I might come back here again. But if you're on a tight lunch hour this is NOT a place you even want to consider. They take slow to a whole other place and it's not good. Also decor wise it's kinda cool but the 80's music and other crap gets old very quickly.   2 Stars: It's just not all that.~pizza salsa, chips salsa, taco, taco salsa tea, 
With a stroke of luck I randomly strolled into this place after getting hungry walking up Fremont street.  There were a couple of shady-looking characters wandering about outside, but where in Vegas are there not?  My girl ordered shrimp cocktail and the papano fajita platter (I think that was the name).  I was going to order the chimichanga dinner but the lady told us we were getting too much food so I canceled the chimi and sure enough, the shrimp cocktail and cuban fajita platter were plenty for two.  Really, really tasty.  The service wasn't great but the food and price more than made up for it.  We went twice.  On the second visit, I finally did get the chimichanga and it was perfect.  We also tried their "old laundry" Cuban soup (ropa vieja) which was awesome, and fried platains which were great.    This place has a great "down home" feel.~shrimp shrimp 
I really want to like this place but...    The service really leaves something to be desired, I think we confused the server by ordering appetizers because our entrees came out before our appetizers.  When we asked about them she seemed really confused that we actually wanted to have them before our meals.  When our meals finally arrived, my friend got her meal plus they put the appetizer in front of her but I did not get my meal.  So we just ate the appetizers.  I finally got my meal after inquiry. Also, the waitresses are quite surly.  The food leaves something to be desired as well.  The bread for the cuban sandwich was very dry and very flaky.  Very peculiar and hard to eat.  Overpriced and it is a hassle to use their bathroom.  You have to ask for a key and then walk down a sketchy outside hallway in the back of the restaurant.  My advice:  Try to hold it until the El Cortez across the street.~appetizers appetizers. appetizers. sandwich 
No. Just. No.   The decor was a little loud for my taste, and the same Selena dvd was played three times while we were there, which got old real fast. It's also not in the best part of town, but hey, it happens.   The food was good, I'll give them that. I ordered the ropa vieja, and enjoyed it, or would have if they'd gotten the order right. It states quite clearly on the menu that ropa vieja comes with papas fritas (french fries). My plate came with white steamed rice and a bowl of beans. When I asked the waitress politely about my fries, she told me (rudely) that my meal did not come with fries. I protested, saying it was on the menu, and she told me outright that I was wrong, and walked away. I had no menus handy or I would have showed her. Half the reason I ordered what I did was because I was craving some french fries. I don't think I've ever been told flat out that I was WRONG at a restaurant before. Not only that, but we ordered ONE pitcher of margaritas, but she brought out another over the course of the meal, which we did not drink or order. These margaritas were awful. I don't think they used real tequila. No one at our table finished a glass. Then we were told we were being charged $24 a pitcher, when we hadn't even touched the other pitcher. Um. No.   Not only that, but we had a rather large party. I understand that this can be difficult for small restaurants. However, when we arrived, there was only one other table occupied. But people who came in after us starting receiving their food before a quarter of the people at our table received their meals. Come on! You don't serve the new orders before you've gotten the first table done!   Other people at my table got the wrong food, too. My father-in-law can't eat cheese, and so he specifically requested NO CHEESE in the enchiladas or on the beans. He received cheese on both and had to send it back.   The service here was AWFUL. The waitress was surly and never available except when she brought a plate of food out (which was once every ten minutes). I absolutely DO NOT recommend this place, especially if you have a group of people over four. Too bad, cause the food is good.~french fries 
so good! I had the Cuban steak with onions, black beans and rice, it was perfect. I ordered a side of plantains that was enough for the whole table to share and they came with sour cream, my favorite. other people in my party ordered Mexican fare and truly enjoyed it. portions were large and reasonably priced. The salsa and tortilla cheaps were outstanding. Everyone agreed that this was quite possibly the best meal for the best price  in Vegas.  Free parking across the street in the el cortez casino, no wait for a table, quick and delicious!~steak black beans sour cream, salsa 
I was excited to get me one of them Cuban sandwiches. The bread was nothing to write home about, but it was ok.  They charged me $9 for a $5.95 Cuban sandwich. I asked the server if she charged me for 2 sandwiches cuz the menu indicates the price of $5.95. The lady then gave me $3.   I asked my buddy's roommate about the place and he said, "F@#k that place. They charged me $20 for the food and drink. The actual price was $12.   I recommend that you add the bill yourself before you get over charged. Check your bill before paying.  Mamacita, either learn to add or stop ripping off customers. Yelp is here to help.~sandwich. 
DO NOT RECCOMEND!!  Chimichangas were hard as a rock. Chips & Salsa was free.  Service is eh & the decor is dreadful. Also they have a DJ posted by the window? Why? Not sure, I guess they want me to suffer through pit bull songs while I complain about my crap tacos. Downtown has some good spot, this is NOT one of them.~chips & salsa tacos. 
Its downtown, expect to see some creepy creepies and the usual degenerates. The food is freaking awesome!!!!! Service is ok. If you want a classy joint, of 5 star service go somewhere else. Everyone that expects more from this place other than delicious food is an idiot. I go here all the time, and recommend it to everyone. Shrimp fajitas are out of control!~shrimp 
This was by far one of the worst Vegas restaurant experiences that I have had.  My husband and I are addicted to Mexican/Cuban food, and we finally decided to give this dirty lookin little place a try.  There were 2 bums laying on the sidewalk outside the resturant.  There were a group of mexican guys sitting in the corner with buckets of beer in front of each of them- they were watching some Mexican soccer game... a disco ball in the front window ... so far so good, lol.  We got two Negro Medolo's, a steak burrito, and a CHICKEN enchilada ala carte.  The menu said "add an enchilada to a combo for $1.95"  the server told us that it was no longer the special, it was now 2.95 to add an enchilada.  We told her that was fine.  I can't eat a whole lot when I'm having a beer ;)    The food didn't take too long... after she drops it off, we don't see her again till the "bill" comes...   The burrito was actually really good... huge portions too.  The "chicken" enchilada turned out to be a cheese enchilada... so I didn't eat that.  No biggie... except the server was gone for 20 minutes.  We started to think she went home or something...    After we set our plates to the side, the other girl working finally came over to take the plates.   We told her, that we got the wrong enchilada, no biggie, and we don't want another one.  At that point, our food and beer had settled and theres no way i could eat anymore.  She said she would tell our server...  So, our server finally comes back over with a tablet she had written our checks on (apparently, she never shows us a check) and tells us that will be $30.  LOL.  What?   $30 dollars for one burrito and two beers?  The burrito itself, was 9.95.  She continues to go over her calculations, $5.75 for the beers, $3.50 for the enchilada [[[stop!  first, we got an enchilada we didn't order - and sent it back... but do you remember she told us the enchilada was now 2.95?  She's making these prices up as she goes, i beleive]]]  We told her we got the wrong enchilada... she says "i dunno, you eat it"  Uh.... no, we told her we didn't, we sent it back... (which she would have known if she had been back to the table even once after the food had arrived)  She stomps away, to ask the other girl ... our server stomps off to the kitchen and we see her arguing with some guy in the kitchen.   She walks back over and says "okay, now 27 dollar"   We were so disturbed by the arguing and extremely rude service, we just wanted to leave, and didn't think about how that added up, we just gave her money and left.   If i had been paying, i would have stiffed her.  I've never in my life stiffed a server.  I worked in restaurants for 7 years, husband was a bartender for 4+yrs, we tip VERY WELL!!    After we got back to Freemont i start thinking.  So... 9.95 for the burrito, and - 17 dollars for the two negro medelos?!?  what ?!    Husband seems to remember her saying the beers were 5.75 a peice.  Thats 11.50... 11.50+9.95=  $22.95  So that means all the porn slappers sitting in the corner had 40 dollar bucks of beer sitting in front of each of them?  I'm sure.  Did she think we were drunk and wouldn't realize we were getting ripped off?    Since we never got a check, and she seemed to keep changing her prices every time she came back to the table, I'm sure she pocketed a good bit of our payment.  Whata fuckin shame, I really liked the burrito.  I would NEVER step foot in this place again.  I can't imagine making your customers feel so uncomfortable..   If you still need to go here, check the menu for the prices, and ask for a check at the end...  Maybe she added a 5 dollar plate share fee??  that would be a high plate share fee - especially for a dirty little mexican place in the ghetto!!  Even so, I wasn't planning on eating the damn burrito- I ordered ONE enchilada, (i don't eat much at night, and theres no point in ordering food that I won't eat!) Either way, its poor buisness practice...    I've never felt the need to call a restaurant's manager, until this experience... but i figured what would the point be?  I don't think any of them spoke english.... and if they did, would they even care?  They don't care that they employ a theif... geez.. I was trying to not bring in a stereotype, but damn... :-x   I think we paid for half the beer for the mexican guys in the corner?  who knows...~steak burrito, chicken burrito chicken" cheese burrito burrito burrito, burrito. 
I used to love the Cuban food at this restaurant.  Not any more.  I don't know if the ownership changed, but it's now called "Mamita's" and the chef clearly doesn't know how to cook.  Moreover, the service was incredibly slow and bad.  I ordered the masas de puerco fritas, and it arrived dry.  I asked for garlic sauce, and ten minutes later, the chef sent out a bowl of onions in oil.  Terrible service, worse cooking.  Too bad. Stay away.~garlic 
I miss this place so much! My trips to Vegas now are not the same. Did this restaurant reopen at a new location or a new name?? if so please let me know! the steak fajitas were so bomb!! omg damn good~steak 
So is this place called Mamita's or Mamacita's?!?!   When you walk into this dump it's like Vegas and Mexico threw up on each other or something like that, it's very interesting to say the least.  It's right across the street from El Cortez hotel, so that alone should give you a clue of what kind of place this is going to be lol.   I noticed this place because I was outside on the curb of El Cortez waiting in line for my Punk Rock Bowling tickets in 90 degrees at 11am, drinking some hot Jack n coke in a plastic cup. My friend and I were debating whether to eat here or the cafe, and ended up here. I think at this point I would eaten anything lol.   Since I was in Vegas I started off with a strawberry margarita, because well, I really love margaritas. Also, it is completely acceptable to keep drinking all day, even before noon in Vegas, so why the hell not. I then ordered a chicken taco and enchilada combo plate with rice and beans. It was probably not the best Mexican food, but it really hit the spot and plus they gave me a decent amount of sour cream, so I devoured that plate, lol.   My friend ordered a Cuban sandwich and beer, but they were out of Cuban beer, so fail right there. Also, his sandwich came on some questionable bread, so yea overall fail on the Cuban menu. The bread in the picture looked way better. Overall, my food was pretty good, but my friend's not so good.   The service was also pretty terrible, they take forever to take your order, get your order, and if you need anything else after your meal finally arrives, forget about it!!!! They weren't even that busy until maybe the end our meal. This place is cheap and convenient though if you happen to be in Downtown Vegas.   Apparently that Selena live in concert DVD is constantly playing, which is only awesome the first time through.~coke chicken taco sour cream, sandwich sandwich 
Went here maybe a month ago, eager to try out a real bubble tea shop in Brampton that isn't "bubble tease" or that sugar loaded "real fruit" situation in BCC.   aand it looks like they're out of business for good.. Anyone know if they've moved locations or if I just have to drive to Mississauga to get some real bubble tea out here??~tea tea 
So HAPPY there's a bubble tea place in Brampton now! We don't have to drive down to Mississauga or Toronto .   Location: convenient that it's by 401 and Queen. The plaza doesn't have much going on so you're sure to find parking.   Menu: it's diverse. A lot to choose from. They have appetizers and desserts to choose from. A lot of chillers and milk tea and such to choose from.   Customer Service: Really nice people :) The couple that were there seem to own the place. They were very nice, friendly,   Atmosphere: The cutest place! The decor had Kawaii written all over it. I love how they designed the place.   Seating: the place is a bit small. It caters mostly to a small group of people. I'm hoping they get at least one big table and more moveable chairs.   Bubble Tea Chillers: recommended the Oreo Chiller something? The lady recommended it and it is heavenly! The others are flavorful.~tea appetizers milk tea tea 
Small little bubble tea shop tucked away. Its a mom and pop owned store. When I went, their kids were there. Real cute. But anyway, onto the review.  The place is cutely decorated. Bright colours everywhere. Very little seating however. Just a few two seater booths. The tables shelved manga books, deck of cards and a jenga knockoff so you can hangout there if you want.   The bubble tea however was not great. Got the original milk tea and mango slush (real fruit version). The tapioca was not cooked enough and was slightly hard. Too much ice also. The mango we got with mango boba. If it weren't for the boba there would be no mango flavour. It was all ice you could taste.   I really wanted to like this place since Brampton doesn't have a bubble tea shop but I'd rather travel to Mississauga to get better tasting bubble tea. There's still lots to try and they are new so hoping it'll be better next time (if I'm ever around that area...). They also have a stamps award card too.~tea tea milk tea mango mango mango mango tea tea. 
In September 2012 I came to them with my old mountain bike which was in pretty beat up shape.  They gave it to me straight...  that the bike was going to need $200 worth of repair, and maybe another $100 the following year..... so with that, they helped me to get a new bike... because clearly it was the logical choice.  I thought about it overnight, and the next day I was back in the store.  I picked out a very nice 26" NORCO bike with off road tread, as I was buying it mostly to ride in Haliburton Forest.  I also bought some accessories to go with it, including safety gear like a new helmet, bell, etc.    The sales staff were friendly, and even helped me get the bike onto the carrier rack on the back of my van.~bell, 
I've bought three bikes from Bay Cycle over the past four years, and each time I've been thoroughly impressed with the service and selection. Today I picked up my new 2016 Norco XFR 3, a replacement for my previous BCS purchase that was stolen from the GO station. Working in the retail industry, I have a clear idea of what good customer service is, and from the time that I arrived, Daniel provided the single best service I've ever received from any store I've ever been to.  When I wasn't quite sure what I had or what I wanted, he explained in detail the attributes of the various brands and bicycle types they carry, and suggested several that he thought were a good match, along with some other types for good measure. I test-rode six bikes in their crumbly parking lot loop, which provided a fair assessment of ride and smoothness, mechanics, and general handling; he was bang-on with his suggestions. When some of the showroom models were out of tune/alignment, he went the extra mile and performed the quickest tuneup in history just so I could get a feel for the gear system on one of them. When the seat didn't go high enough for me, he swapped the seat post out for a longer one for me to try. When it came time to purchase all new accessories, he threw in a water bottle holder and bell, and gave me 15% off everything else I wanted. They tuned everything up and installed all my accessories for free, and I got a free year's worth of tuneups (which I have done there multiple times per year, and are always excellent).  The bike was a little above MSRP, and some accessories were a little pricey, but 11/10 service and very timely too. Support your local bike shop!~bell, 
No No NO NEVER AGAIN.....  It took them 2 weeks to clean my standard comforter and it cost the same as when I bought the damn thing brand new!  I had to go have 3 times to see the status and each time I saw it - it was covered in white crap from their machines....not impressed.......  They don't do any of the cleaning on site and they have limited pick ups from their cleaning location.  There is a place up the street that does onsite cleaning - that would be your better bet.~white 
Typical convenience store with a decent selection of snacks and beverages.  I was very happy with the selection of local beers they had.  The only down side was the fact that the milk they were selling was either already expired or set to expire in the next day or two.~milk 
I think going to the store must be a southern thing.  "I'm going to the store" and you grab gum and a frosty.  "Going to the store" and you get some chew and a coke.  Going to the store with my grandpa usually involved at least 15 minutes of chatting with friends.  It could only be better if it was a gas station too.  Owners are friendly.  Conveniently located.  Typical 'store'.~coke. 
I've rented from Cleveland Camera Rental for several years now. And I have been super impressed with everything. Whether it's just an extra P2 card or an indy movie, they have nearly everything you would need for a production on a budget. I rent from them very frequently. All the gear is up to date and well treated. They are all really cool guys there and will help you with your rental no matter how much knowledge you already have. And the best part is, I don't think you can find a rental cheaper anywhere! Especially when you consider that you get a package, as opposed to ala carte like most rental houses are. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED WITH ANY RENTAL YOU GET FROM HERE! I guarantee it!!!!~date 
The girl working the counter didn't have a name tag on, slightly overweight teen, proceeded to stop making my order and yell to her friend "you always come at the worst time, next time come at 8!" Then, gives her friend a handful of cookies (m&m, her friends choice) then goes back to making our order- overcharges me but wait, can't give me a receipt because "we don't got no receipts" WTF! This subway keeps placing teens in charge of the night shift when they have no self respect much less regard for their customers! You are representing a bigger picture! SMH~cookies ( 
It was your standard Subway, but they skimp on the vegetables.  My sandwich barely had any lettuce.  Service was a little slow, but they were courteous. We had sandwiches and I tried the chop salad.  I was not a fan of the chop salad bc everything was cut so small it was hard to taste things separately.  Matter of preference I guess.  The place was clean and had tons of parking.~sandwich lettuce. salad. salad 
Been here twice. First time blonde goth-girl was flirting with a group of boys who were sitting at a table.  After I had been standing there for 3-4 minutes she came around to the "make me a sammich" side and started adjusting her hat, tucking her unkept hair inside the the security of her visor. While doing this she asks me what kind of sandwich I would like,  all the while looking sideways and smiling at the boys. I paused before answering,  hoping her next move would be to put on gloves before touching my food. Since my hopes were  fulfilled, I gave her my order and she proceeded to carry out her sandwich duties. One of the boys walked up and she immediately  pushed my sandwich to the side and began a conversation with this guy about her choir concert (This girl is in high school when she's got tattoos and piercings!!??) My sandwich is finished by a different  employee who was far less charismatic. Asked myself, "Who would hire these two?" And better question yet, "Does their boss know how unprofessional these two perform?" Second visit was about a week later when my son needed something to eat quickly. Ran in here and the goth girl was there but cleaning. Noisily. You know the kind of sweeping where they are knocking every  table and chair leg and it makes the kind of noise that makes you flinch. The guy behind the counter was apparently annoyed at yet another customer because he said "Welcome to Subway." without looking up, and a tone and pace that sounded sleepy and uninterested. No real sincerity to his words.  He threw the bread down like a child pouting, slapped on the items I asked of him,  and honestly was taking out his disdain for his day, his job, everything, on my poor sandwich. Once again I thought,  "Who would hire these people?" Well, I won't be back.  Not only is it subpar  but I hate feeling this way about young ppl today. Where's  the pride in earning  money? Where's the customer service? Whatever you are in life (Sandwich Artist, included), Be a good one. These employees are only good at getting rid of customers.~sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich. sandwich 
Tim Hortons is everywhere you go, theres no hiding from it. I almost always manage to come here whenever im in the complex, to get my ice cap fix on, or if its winter i get a hot chocolate. Now that they got the white hot chocolate, thats my thing now.   Theres no drive-thru here, so your just gonna have to walk in here, sorry. lol;)~white 
After I wrote my review the owner of this salon responded with this.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- johnnie In replying to a comment from Abai / AUGUST 5, 2011 AT 8:24 AM  Abai. I am sorry that you had a "not perfect" experience. I am doubly puzzled by the depth of your observations and your ability to use dramatic conceit, simile and allusion.  Brienne, the woman who cut your hair, is one of our senior and best stylists. She is impeccable and I would refer her to anyone. Anyone, regardless of their ethnicity and hair type. I would normally offer a hopeful solution of a kind but because all of the pieces, up to and including both the freshly steeped tea and sparkling water that you were offered, were in line, so it is hard for me to find a remedy, offer a solution that would satisfy you.  Please excuse my seeming intolerance. I do take much, perhaps all, of what clients say about their experience(s) at navigate very seriously. However because you left such an indelible print onto the stylist who cut your hair and the associate who was working with her that afternoon, it is very difficult to take you too terribly seriously.  Readers, as you are aware, I practice restraint and equanimity as regards the democracy that is the interweb...We strive at navigate, physically and virtually, to ensure a standard of service, skill and hospitality that, hopefully, enchants, if even for a short spell of time, our clients and friends.  All said and accounted for, Abai,it is a difficult to call you out; to suggest that there may be an error in your judgement, that your thinking, your opinion(s) is not on point - god knows every one of us is entitled to his or her own mind, however there are times when each of us needs a wee reorientation so that we are able to see more clearly, say, the trees. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I personally believe this is a disgrace to this salon. An owner of a good salon should first of all respect his/her customers which Navigate salon failed to demonstrate. The owner of this salon also tried to hint on my possible  dishonestly in the review which in itself speaks volumes.  If you want good hair, good customer service, good experience for your money avoid this place.~tea 
For the first time I can live with my curls, and navigate taught me how. I had my haircut about two years ago by them, but I still remember the experience. Ok, so the price was a bit much, but the hairstylist gave me some extremely good tips for the future on how to work with my hair instead of ruining it to bits with products.  I was concerned about all the chemicals and products I had to use to deal with my curly hair, and wanted some green alternatives, she was very well versed in what was the best balance for my unruly hair. Two years later, I am still using those tips...so the price was a bit much, but the service was worth it. They even gave a discount for return visits...but it was just not in my budget, though I am sure for many torontonians, the price would be more than reasonable.~curly 
I'm relatively new to TO, and of course in need of a haircut. Saw a bunch of good reviews on BlogTO, and finally took the plunge and made an appt with Sara today.  I was immediately greeted by two friendly chaps at the door, offered tea, and introduced to Sara.   I had no idea what I wanted, but I wanted to look awesome---and boy did she deliver. I put myself in her capable hands, and she checked out my hair, asked me some questions and came up with a plan to let it grow, but have it look bitchin' while it grows out. Instead of wavy Irish fro I'm now rockin' a chick wavy choppy bob. And she gave me suggestions on how to use products, which to use, and how to use a flat iron as a curler. Not to mention we had fun chatting away, sipping tea while she worked. I left happy (and not in the way that you're trying to convince yourself you like your haircut but it really looks like a glorified mullet), and can't wait to include her on my hair journey.  Prices are comparable with what I'm used to paying, so I wouldn't say it's any more expensive than anywhere else. Totally worth it to have hair I'm pumped about. The salon itself is funky, cool, artsy and made me feel completely comfortable.  I will totally continue to trust her with my hair!~tea, tea 
I grew up with this place and I have seen it's fame and popularity spread through the years.  A must have are the pepperoni and cheese rolls they are amazing.   Large pizza's will feed 3-4 people because the pizza is thick and very very delicious. It's not Chicago or New York Style, it is Cleveland style.~pepperoni cheese pizza pizza 
We stopped in on a whim and what a pleasant suprise.  The pizza was great!.  A good find!~pizza 
Based on the other reviews, I stopped in here during my lunch break to order a pepperoni and cheese pizza roll. The pizza roll is served in bread maybe a foot long.  For $3.50 the food was well worth the price as it was delicious. However, having worked at a pizza place as a kid, I don't know how it took them 25 minutes to make it.  Still, despite the wait, it was well worth my time and left me very full.~pepperoni cheese pizza pizza pizza 
Primozz was originally located right at the end of the street I grew up on... so as you can imagine I was constantly there grabbing slices or pizza or pepperoni rolls with my friends or family.  Speaking of their pepperoni rolls, they have the most fantastic ones ever.  I generally order a mushroom, pepperoni, and cheese roll. They are delicious and usually enough for more than one meal depending on how much you eat!  The price is extremely affordable.  Their pizza is also delicious.   A few years ago they moved to a new location with a sit down atmosphere, where as they used to be pick up only.  They changed their hours so they are not open til 4 pm on Sundays, which I dislike because who wants to wait til then to eat pizza?  But, it is still a hometown favorite that I will go back to time and time again.  The owner is super nice as well.~pizza pepperoni pepperoni mushroom, pepperoni, cheese pizza pizza 
it's apparent that this place use to be a bank, but after stepping inside you don't even notice you just stepped into a bank. it's like you just stepped inside a restaurant in italy. haha not really but the feeling takes over.  the service was great!! they were so nice and very knowledgeable. when i was there one of the servers dumped a whole tray of drink on to this customer's table. the customers were understandable about the whole situation. her co-workers helped her out and didn't leave her hangin', that's always nice....  the food was great!! it was VERY good!! i had the Veal with Lemon and Artichoke YUMMMMY!!! and my sister had the Cataloni that was heavenly good!  i'll post pics later, but that place was really good. i would so go back there for dinner.  WAY TO GO RIGATONY'S!!!!~lemon artichoke 
This food is tasttttttttttttttttyyyyyy  MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM  Ok, I'm with Paul on one point.  The tour of rigatony's is HUGE and awesome if you're an undecided sort of person, like me  However, I had the rigatony's baked rigatoni.  OMG.  Authentic Italian?  Probably not.  The rigatoni consisted of noodles, covered in marinara (which is very excellent tasting), then topped with garlic alfredo sauce and melted mozz..... mmmm  Rich, decadent, satisfying.... I love.  Great service too.  My 5 star for Italian is still reserved for Va Bene, but... this place is pretty darn tasty.  Oh, and pretty cheap too!~garlic 
The food is pretty standard Americanized Italian fare but tasty nonetheless. They have very reasonable lunch specials during the week and kids eat free on Wednesday's!  I've been here many times, mainly with large groups of people and have never been disappointed. The service is excellent. They pay attention to the details of finer dining establishments and have service that's comparable.   The menu is on the heavy side and if I were basing it just on the menu I'd give it 3 stars. The only option for light fare are the salads. It's the only thing that won't make you feel like you just ate a half pound of butter and cheese.   The layout of the restaurant is very interesting as it used to be an old First Interstate Bank (remember those?!) The numerous winding hallways make it obvious that it wasn't designed as a restaurant. It definitely adds to the charm of the place, but you're for sure to get lost on the way to the bathroom the first time you're there.   They also have a large banquet room which used to be the Bank's safe. The very thick interior walls are exposed so as not to mask the fact that you're eating in the safe! That's very cool.~salads. butter cheese. 
Came here for our third meal of the night. Had the lamb skewers, small yellow fried fish, large white fried fish and BBQ leeks.  The white fish was great. Crispy skin and tender flesh. Would definitely go for that again. The rest was just alright. I thought the seasoning was a bit on the light side and everything was slightly overcooked. The small yellow fish had the texture of jerky. Same with the BBQ leeks~lamb white leeks. white leeks 
The mixed vegetables dish was awesome, very refreshing cold salad dish with cucumbers, iceberg, peanuts, red and green peppers and a tangy spicy sauce.  We got the chef special mixed rice which was nothing special and the lamb and pork belly skewers which weren't that great.  I can see this place being very appealing in the late hours of the night but I wouldn't come here for a proper dinner.   Service was good and the place is cash only but has an ATM in the basement.~salad iceberg, lamb pork 
Everything usually tastes better on a stick. It's a hack, a sort of cheat I would say -- kind of like butter or bacon. These guys have exercise their right to this hack appropriately. They have mastered the art of putting all kinds of stuff on a stick; anything from the lowly bacon to the holy beef tendons? Even threw in a few Chingrish items that I have no idea what they are but we ate it anyways and to this day... I still do not know what it was.  This stuff is potent; often laced with generous amounts of coriander seeds, cumin and some spicy element. Proceed only if you are going to wash it down with lots of beer and beer is cheap here. I would say most of the meats are fantastically primal, greasy, salty, spicy and overall delicious. Maybe with the exception of that beef tendon that kind of reminds me of a giant white rubber band.  This is late night affordable Chinese grub food at it's best! And don't worry, folks usually only get shot on the other side of this street (don't cross the street after midnight). I guess when the food is this good people tend not to get angry and shoot each other.~butter bacon. bacon beef beef white 
I only come here for the skewers. Thick, juicy and generous portions for the price (3 skewers for $3.99). I'm sure eventually I'll try something else but the lamb, beef and pork belly skewers are probably the best Chinese skewers in the city. Halal Chinese Restaurant used to be the best but they are overpriced (2 for $4.50).~lamb, beef pork 
Woo! Can't believe I'm writing a first in TO. Zhuang Yuan (or Popular Pot Inc BBQ on the sign)has all kinds of skewers and grilled fare: red meat, white meat, fish, tofu. Adventurous, we even tried the grilled leek: too fibrous to my taste, it was hard to eat but interesting way of eating it nevertheless. My favorite was the lamb skewers: well seasoned, properly spiced, and with good textured meat at $2 a skewer. I think the same spices are applied to all of their BBQ. This is my kind of treat: à la carte ordering and good variety. Tea is served as with all Chinese restaurants and it's cash only.~white tofu. lamb tea 
.                              INDISPENSABLE  I'm here about every three months for printer ink and paper, and maybe twice a year for other supplies.   If I DO need some assistance (and even if I DON'T)---say just passing an employee on my way to another aisle---everyone is smiling, greeting me, or asking if I need help finding anything.  What would I do without OFFICE MAX?  I'd be in a fine mess.  The last thing I'd want is to be forced to search elsewhere for paper, ink or anything else office-related.       Over the years---since about 1997 when I was in real estate---I've seen Officemax slowly cutting back on their inventory---and employees, too.  What's up?  For sure, people aren't handwriting much of anything anymore---except on sticky notes---so the need for a vast array of multiple styles of stationery is hardly necessary.  Photo albums, too.  Instead of passing around a book with at least 8 large full-color, easy-to-see pictures where three people can view all of them at the same time---and without touching their heads---just pass a phone.  And hope you'll get it back---without powdered sugar or salsa, or at least close to it's original condition.  Now, click on the NEXT miniscule photo you want to share, for another pass.  (Flick off that whatever stuck on the screen.)  Of course, you can go through this ritual with your laptop, but you really don't want to do THAT.   Much better for everyone to---ugh---get up from their oh-so-comfy (:o{) air mesh swivel task chairs, cram themselves into your vast cubicle, and do a photo huddle.    And the days of word processors are long gone.  Loved mine, but with technology racing at mind-bending light speeds, about 8 years ago I threw out my trustworthy but now irreparable friend (no more parts available) along with the chicken carcass and peeled potato skins---or whatever garbage I had that week.  Obsolete---after existing just a blinks-worth in Time.  Computers are undeniably MUCH better---for writing, but especially for quick super-handy researching,  running businesses, gaming, communicating, yelping, etc.   (Actually, I've worked the keyboards on computers before most yelpers worked the keyboards on their Playskool pianos.)   I can't imagine life without one.    And I can't imagine life without an Officemax, either.  Will I go in one day and find a mere 3 choices for ball-point pens?  Or two for paper?   What?  No calendars?  No binders or note pads?  I DO see it coming.  They'll down-size to convenience store footage, perfectly adequate for their assortment of grey black and beige machines.   A few paper choices, and maybe a few printer inks.  And a close-out corner with bins of pencils, erasers, markers, and paper clips.     Do I like this 5 star store?---and all the others like this one whose inventory might join the heavy leather ledgers and quill pens before we know it?  You're damn right I do.~salsa, chicken potato 
*****IF YOU READ THIS OR ANY OTHER REVIEWS HERE, SAVE YOURSELF AND DO NOT GO HERE*****  In the middle of Vegas heat on our first Summer Vegas trip, my car's A/C stopped working. I've heard of Vegas heat, but just couldn't deal with the heat that goes beyond 110 degrees without A/C and searched for the next auto center I could spot (BIG mistake). I came across this auto center that we passed several times on Spring Mountain. The owner came out and asked me in Korean what was wrong and I told him my A/C stopped working. He was very friendly at first and told us to wait inside. I stepped inside to find many out-of-date ads and decors that made me wonder if I was in the 80s Korea. I took out my phone and started yelping the place just to make sure it was decent (how bad could it be?). All I could see in the reviews were "scammer," "don't go here," etc. I look over to my girlfriend with a panic in my expression: "what have we got ourselves into?"   An hour passes by and the owner comes back in the waiting room and says it's done. Wait. What? I'm used to auto centers telling me what is wrong with the car first and giving me an estimate before they perform anything on my car. He comes in and punches numbers and says it's $140--"a good deal" in his words. I become very skeptical of the "receipt" he gave me that just says "services" next to the prices and ask him for what exactly was done. He just mumbles that it's all explained on the bottom of the receipt and almost snatches my debit card and makes the payment. At this point, I'm just furious since there was random sentence that didn't describe what they did repeated three times on the bottom of the page.   Anyways, we go to the car and start the car. 5 seconds pass by, 30 seconds pass by, 1 minute passes by, 2 minutes pass by without cold air coming from the A/C. I go back inside to tell the owner that the A/C is still not working. He calls his mechanic and he works on it for another hour (that includes them running to the Auto Zone next door and getting a thermometer that they didn't have). I just wanted to get out of this scam hole, so as soon as they were "done fixing" my car, I drove off. The A/C worked fine until the next day when I had to drive it to another auto shop with a more reputable yelp reviews and they told me the Freon levels were too high and could cause damage in the long run.  Lesson learned: Please do yourself a favor and read reviews before you go anywhere!~date 
Two words....Chicken Milano!  I'm not a big fan of Quiznos they're just too expensive for a toasted sub, but I have no problems opening the wallet for this toasty treat!   A great sub with chicken, sun dried tomato and basil pesto, plus the trimmings are definitely something to smile about......give it a try, I'm sure you'll agree:-)~chicken chicken, tomato 
Meh is right on for this Quizno's.  Mmmm... Toasty just doesn't cut it when the quality of meats and veg served on the bread is below par on most visits.  Prime rib sub that was a mass of gristle and fat.  A Lobster and Seafood sub that tasted like a Salt and Seafood sub.  Cucumbers that had seen much better days before they wound up on my sandwich.  The saving grace.  When they have Clam Chowder as a soup choice, it's actually pretty good!~sandwich. 
In the tradition of full disclosure, I never really liked Quiznos that much anyway....I'm more of a Firehouse or Harris Teeter Hoagie guy, but the other day I was hungry on lunch and decided to give them a try.  The Roast Beef and cheddar looked pretty good.  But it wasn't.  It had a weird sort of taste, and with every other bite or so I would notice these odd little mushroom bits...you know like the canned mushrooms, and the seasoning and added flavors were not to my liking.  Not to mention the after effects....uggggh...never again Quiznos....never again.~beef mushroom mushrooms, 
This location is definitely out of the way, but it's a good store. They are one of the 2-3 outlets that will continue to stock Hendrick's gin, so I'll probably find myself here from time to time.  Ignoring the enormous ABC sign, from the outside it doesn't look like a liquor store at all. The new stores have that distinctively hideous red-and-white fishbowl entrance, and the old stores have neon lights shining through their barred windows. This one has neither - just a plane brick building blending into the complex.  I had a nice conversation with the clerk about Jack Daniels being produced in a dry county. She doesn't drink much herself (interesting job choice, huh?) but offered to help me make some selections all the same. Definitely none of that demonizing preachy nonsense here.  5 stars. I'll be back for their top-notch gin, and won't mind the drive knowing what's waiting for me. Also, although it is absurd that liquor stores cannot sell other products, there is a Lowe's Foods across the parking lot where you can grab your discount mixers. Phew.~white 
$4.99 including taxes for 3 choices of Chinese food with a hot and sour soup plus rice is my kind of deal. They also have a 4 and 5 choice option.   I selected diced chicken with potatoes, sweet sliced onion and scrambled eggs, and my third a garlic tasting green bean looking veggie "suan tai or garlic sprouts" with small pork nuggets.  All of this was served to me pleasantly and with a smile.  The soup was warm but all else was lukewarm to cool, yet still very tasty on a very cold day.  The newly painted lime green walls warm up the simple dining space. Tables are topped with baskets filled with light soy sauce, chili flakes and "chinkiang" (dumpling) vinegar. Add a fork, spoon and one paper-thin napkin (I guess for a five dollar, meal I can use my sleeve).    Restaurant de Wang ji is pretty no frills, but somehow it's meant to be that way.   Next time I'd like to try their dumplings and other dishes.  Please note: Watch for some bone shards in the meat.~chicken potatoes, onion garlic garlic pork lime soy sauce, 
If you live in Verdun or the Sud-Ouest, there is no need to travel all the way downtown or to Chinatown for delicious dumplings. This is a humble, quiet "dumpling house" that also offers some other staples including fried rice, noodle and chicken dishes. The dumplings were made in the spot - fresh and light. Very reasonably priced and they deliver. I've walked by the place many times and finally gave it a try - we will certainly be returning to enjoy more dumplings with friends.~fried rice, chicken 
Sal, the owner, has a history of verbal abuse towards his employees and customers.  Recently, he threatened to throw my brother-in-law out on his face when he went in to pick up a cake that was previously paid for.  After the Chesterland Police were called, we finally settled for a refund of the purchase price.  Do everyone a favor and take your business to any number of superior bakeries in Little Italy.  Heck, if you need to avoid the drive, head over to Giant Eagle.~cake 
This place is awesome! I first heard about it several years ago when I was in a pizza place down the road that had great cookies. I asked if they baked them on site and they said they got them from a bakery just north of Mayfield on Chillicothe. A few weeks later I found it and loved the cookies but also saw that they made much more including traditional Italian baked goods.  I returned today as I was in the area and stocked up on a few more treats sfingi, cream cheese nut horns, cuccidati filled with figs and dates, and almond and coconut torringini. The owner/baker, Sal, is a fifth generation and the family has been in business since 1893. Sal told me he uses 40% peanut butter in his peanut butter cookies. Katie was behind the counter and was extremely knowledgeable, friendly and helpful.  Check it out, good stuff.~pizza cookies. cookies cheese almond coconut butter butter cookies. 
Went to my first Zumba class here last week and Yes, I'm definitely a FAN!!  The place is off the beaten track a bit and has small reception/changing areas but the enthusiasm and service they provide is top notch.    I love that there was a raised stage for the instructor - I was in the back but could see and follow along (well, my feet didn't always listen to my head - but at least I could see and try my best).  The instructor was clear, easy to follow and definitely motivating.  The class was full which really added to the party atmosphere.  I think my favorite thing was that the instructor used 100% Zumba songs - no cheese  pop tunes.  Don't get me wrong, I love a good dance aerobics class - but when I go for Zumba I want ZUMBA!  I feel the authentic music adds to the atmosphere and makes it easier to get into the zone.  There are other classes on offer and they are experts in Kettlebells and I'm sure I'll give these a try - but I'll keep going back for the Zumba.  Also easy to see all the classes, prices and book online.~cheese 
My experience with Dobson Montessori was their preschool program.  I was told that this was a Montessori environment and curriculum.  I tried to like this school but after 5 months I had to withdraw my son.  Here my pros & cons.  PROS: - Michael, the owner, is a super nice person and my son loved him. - Michael is on-site, with his office right next to the classroom. - The classroom is huge, with plenty of room to be active and stretch - They had all the appropriate Montessori class materials - I like the space provided for outdoor environment - The teachers were pleasant and nice. - They sang a lot. My child came home with all sorts of adorable songs about colors, shapes etc. - They were extremely flexible with parent's schedule.  CONS: - The teachers spent almost all their time, huddled at a table, chit chatting.  There were several kid tables pushed together at one end of the room. When they would do projects this is the area where they would bring the children.  I do not exaggerate when I say that 75% of their time was spent sitting together, like ladies having coffee at Starbucks. - I never, not once, saw a child being given a lesson.  I seriously believe that no one in the classroom had any Montessori training whatsoever. - The children had many, many non-Montessori toys.  My son spent the bulk of his time playing with hot wheels and plastic helicopters.  In all 5 months (Mon-Fri) I  saw my son with Montessori materials twice. - The outdoor environment was non-existent. For those of you not familiar with Montessori, the outdoor environment should consist of activities such as clothes washing, window washing, painting, sweeping, hammering, yoga or materials brought outside to be done in fresh air.  When I say this was non-existent, I mean there was just an empty patio full of dead leaves - no chairs, tables, etc.  They did use this area occasionally to paint a messy craft or eat popsicles. - Strangest to me was the fact that they had almost no books.  Of all the things that bothered me, this really got under my skin.  My son, easily, had 25 times the amount of books they had.  I used to scour Savers for books for their class - books like Boom Chicka Boom, If You Give A Mouse a Cookie, The Hungry Caterpillar, Olivia etc.  I began brining in books every week.  - The playground was old and handmade, with nailed together wood.  The wood was buckled and twisted from the heat. The slide was the old fashioned kind they had in the 70's - all metal.  When we did a tour of the facility my son's leg was scratched by a nail popping out of the wood.  In fairness, they were genuinely concerned and apologetic.  If this was listed as a daycare I think I wouldn't have had a problem with it. But to advertise yourself as Montessori and provide nothing of the sort, is remiss.  Then there was the fact that my son didn't enjoy going to this school. He was bored and cried consistently throughout his time there.  :(  He is normally an extremely easy going and quiet.  When we left they all seem surprised as were very involved parents. I was involved because I was trying to be part of the solution.  However, nothing worked.  As a note:  I did tour the kindergarten location and it looked wonderful.  My son had a year and a half left of preschool and I couldn't stand the thought of him being there that long, waiting to go to kinder.~coffee 
Parents, I read reviews about this school prior to sending my children there and unfortunately brushed off some of the unfavorable experiences as being relative to each individual family. Back story: I was moving from another state where I had a great experience with Primrose. Naturally, it only made sense for me to go with Primrose here.   I enrolled my two children there and child 1 was pulled out after 2 weeks - as a result of being bullied.  To my dismay, the staff did nothing about the matter. For example, I often came to pick him up and he would be in tears -crying because kids were either mean to him or hitting him. When he came home with a black eye and no incident report was filed, I had enough.  I told management that they needed to address the bullying and I, of course, would need an incident report completed.  Well to my surprise, I received an incident report that my child was violent. I knew from how they handled the situation, this school was about covering their bottom line and this was not the place for my child.  (Thusly, child 1 would not return.)   I should have pulled my other kid out but finding daycare in Charlotte (especially south Charlotte) is very hard. I had him waitlisted at a school and thought we just had to make it 7 months and he would be enrolled at another daycare.  I witnessed numerous events wrongly handled by the administrative staff.  The teachers would openly talk about how they hated their job. They would even leave comments on social media trash talking the owners and other employees at the school.  When you see this type of behavior, it truly shows a disconnect within the leadership team and staff.    We only made it three months there when we learned that child 2 had been slapped in his face by one of his teachers for spilling milk (BTW: he's 18 months and learning to drink out of a cup).  To add insult to injury, my child was slapped by a teacher, while another co-teacher looked on and did not report the incident to management. The same eyewitness-teacher only reported the incident when she witnessed her colleague slap another kid in the class. The matter that is truly appalling was that this event was reported to the administrative staff on a Friday at lunchtime. The teacher was fired, but no one informed me until the following Tuesday afternoon. As a daycare with integrity, you would think that they would want to inform the parent immediately. I believe the only reason they told me about the incident is because someone also reported the abuse to the state and it's hard to believe that it's only a coincidence that I received a call (the same) Tuesday afternoon, once the state had left.  I was also told by the investigator that she informed the daycare that if they did not call me to report the incident the state would.  The sheer lack of respect for my child, me as a parent and the overall integrity of the school is beyond disheartening.     The state and the police are both investigating the incident and my child was pulled out of the school immediately.  Though the state is still investigating the school, they initially were given disciplinary violations and also a violation for not providing a safe environment for kids.   Unrelated to my situation, the school is now on administrative action by the State of NC Division of Child Development & Early Education for two incidents where staff members left kids on the playground unattended (they basically forgot kids outside).   I'm a big believer that culture in a business starts at the top. If the owners and administrators aren't doing their job to build a nurturing environment, then they won't attract/maintain quality teachers.  Thus, everything trickles down to our kids and they are the individuals that bear the burden of a dysfunctional environment.    There is a reason this daycare has available spots.  Call around to other daycares in South Charlotte and all the good ones are full.   Please be sure to talk to parents in the community, read reviews and call the state for information on your school of choice for your children.  I wish I had paid more attention and researched even more about this facility. Do not make the same mistake that I did.    Parents, please be aware. If you would like more information on my experience, please inbox me. Best wishes.~milk ( 
I just purchased a Subway tuna sandwich at this location and when I got back to my hotel there was a long 10 inch black hair running through my sandwich??? Don't these people understand you have to wear hairnets Disgusting!!!!  I called the next day to speak to the manager and I told him I was a customer that found a hair in my sandwich and he said I can't hear you ?I can't hear you?? He heard my name but did not want to hear my complaint obviously?~tuna sandwich sandwich? sandwich 
Sandwich was fine - standard Subway fare (pun intended), but the clerk (owner?) punched in my order into the cash only long enough for me to pay, but never confirmed the transaction. No receipt ever came out. Don't charge me tax and then put that money in your pocket. It's theft, from me, from Subway corporate, from the people of Ontario. I can't support dishonest business, so I will not return here.~sandwich 
While the BMT sandwich was good, they refused to substitute a coffee instead of the sugar filled fountain drink thats included with combos. They said it can't be done, meanwhile at other locations they are happy to accommodate this simple request. Will be my first and last time coming to this location.~sandwich coffee 
This bar was in the ground level of the hostel we stayed at. It became the evening meet-up spot once everyone rolled out of bed from their afternoon naps and homework. The place worked well for this because they have many couches, comfy chairs, as well as standard dining tables and seating. With free Wi-Fi, this was a good place to waste some time waiting on others.  The food and drinks here are very reasonably priced, especially if you use the 20% discount they offer. It was easily the cheapest place to get drunk that we could find in the whole royal mile area. We were getting pitchers of rum and coke for 15 pounds. A pitcher apiece led to some great games of billiards and sing-alongs to the bands they had brought in. Pitchers of lager were 10 pounds. Not bad. The pizza and burgers were pretty good too. The morning lunch buffet they offer also had a wide selection of items, eggs, bacon, hagis, cold cereal, milk, juice, coffee, toast, fresh fruit - all for a fixed price. A pretty good deal.  It was a fun place to start off each night! We made friends with some other tourists and students and partied with them at other clubs. It's not really a bar or a nightclub, more like the dorms or student commons area of a university - except you can get drunk!~coke pizza burgers bacon, milk, coffee, 
Good place to have a drink with friends and possibly to meet new people as it's the bar right down the hostel. They've got wifi which is a plus but the table service is quite average, a bit slow even, and the quality of food wasn't that good either to be honest. Also, they have a too short menu...   We ordered three burgers and a salad and all of them were dry and lacking flavour, at least to my taste. Drinks and service at the bar were good though!~burgers salad 
Formally the Smart City Cafe, Bar Fifty is located in the Smart City hostel complex, which means many people think it's only for people staying in the hostel itself. My friend was actually staying in the hostel when he visited from Germany, and he loved this place.  I stayed over one night (sneaked in, sorry hostel owners!) and managed to get some breakfast, which was served in a buffet style for a one off payment and included hot Scottish brekkie foods, fruits and cereals as well as coffee, tea and juices. Fantastic! The lunches are home made and tasty, not to mention cheap- pizzas, nachos, burgers, fries and all that sort of fatty, filling food which is sometimes all you want!~coffee, tea burgers, fries 
Movies are ever-so-slightly out of theaters. Prices range from $1 to..... $2. They sell dibs- those little ice cream bon bon things. Need I say more?~ice cream 
Anyone who has been to this theater would shudder at a four star rating. It is smelly, sticky, noisy, potentially dangerous(there have been some parking lot incidents) and most of all CHEAP!! They show new movies about two weeks after they come out at real theaters, but for the low price of anywhere from a dollar to 50 cents on some nights.   The p-corn is usually pretty buttery and artery clogging. The crowd is crazy and eclectic. The reason most people would denounce this place is what endears it to me. It's not faux rowdy and smelly like some hipster bars. It actually IS rowdy and smelly! I've never had a bad time here.  Seeing Johnny Depp's The Libertine here was too appropriate. A movie about a syphilitic drunk who self destructs in the muck and disease of old timey London. They should have called it The Cinemarkian.~corn 
I went on the Coffee Tour and I loved it! The tour is like a mini adventure or exploration, where you get to discover and sample food and drink at a variety of small businesses... and get to know a neighborhood! It was a great and memorable experience overall and it's a fun activity to do on your own; as a couple; or with your friends and family.~coffee 
I have been to the Continental Fitchburg more than once - I don't know why I continued to give it so many chances to be good, because it never was.  I love that it is locally-owned, so I wanted to support it. The menu makes things sound fabulous - the problem is, nothing tastes as described.   One time I ordered the Salmon - it was literally one of the worst things I have ever eaten. I am not that picky, and I do not like being rude to the waitstaff or complaining. It tasted so disgusting, like the fish was rancid, that I had to send it back.  Another visit, I ordered crab cakes. If you want real crab cakes, I would suggest Ruth's Chris. These are deep-fried, breaded, excuses called "crab cakes." They are not fresh and I would bet anything they came frozen from a box.  Yet another recent visit, myself and my boyfriend took another couple there. I suggested to everyone that they stay away from the seafood and order something that they "couldn't possibly mess up" - like a simple pasta dish. I was wrong!  The food is SO bland, flavorless, and the portions are much too large. I ordered the Eggplant Parmesan - out of everything everyone ordered, that was the best - but that is not saying much. A ton of pasta, bland tomato sauce, deep-fried eggplant (that I am convinced also came frozen from a box, based on the consistency of size and the type of breading), some mozz cheese. I had to add salt and pepper, which I rarely do. My boyfriend got Ravioli Alfredo - extremely bland. He was starving so he ate it anyway. The couple ordered Pesto Pasta - I never thought pesto could taste bland, but somehow it did here - and Fettucine Alfredo - also tasteless and bland. Not to mention we had to wait 20 minutes for bread and another 45 minutes or more for our meal.   It was a sign when a couple next to us was very upset and kept sending things back, as well as a table of 4 nearby.  Overall the service is not good. You have to wait VERY long, and things move very slowly.  The ambiance is nice...but when you come to a restaurant, you expect more than good looks. They don't have anything to back up their facade.  Do yourself a favor and try any of the other fabulous Italian restaurants Madison has to offer - Lombardino's is a local favorite. Tutto Pasta on State St. is also much better.~salmon - pasta pasta, tomato cheese. pasta - pasta 
I took my girlfriend here for our Valentine's Day dinner. And I have to say that I am incredibly disappointed with this place.  The visit turned into an hour and a half ordeal that I don't ever wish to repeat. We ordered an appetizer of crab cakes, which were so-so. For our meals, I ordered the Lobster and Crab Fettuccine and my girlfriend ordered a 10 oz steak, medium. In all honesty, my dish was phenomenal.  It had large pieces of meat, the sauce was great, and the pasta was cooked nearly perfectly. However, my girlfriend cut halfway through her steak and it was barely cooked to rare. Our server was at our table and saw this and took it back to be cooked further.  So, we continued our meal and waited for the steak. When it came back out the large cut that my girlfriend had made still showed us that the steak was not medium. I had her cut into it more to see and the entire steak was now a perfect medium-rare. As our server did not verify that it was done properly, we had to wait for her to return to ask, once more, for a medium steak. After I finished my course, she returned to us and we explained the issue. She told us that we would get the steak on the house and that they would cook us a brand new one.  We waited roughly 20 minutes for this new steak, which we asked to have to go. When our server brought it out, I asked her for a knife so that we could check to see that it was done. While we waited for the knife, my girlfriend opened the to go box and looked at the steak. It was the same piece of meat that had been recooked twice before with her two original cuts in it. Though now it was well done, far past medium.  Once our server returned, we showed her the steak and I asked to speak with the manager. She went to talk to him about it. When she returned, she offered us a new steak. As we had been there for an hour and a half already, we weren't willing to wait another 20 minutes to get this steak. She also informed us that the manager, who was also Jim, the owner, did not have time to speak to us.  I took the initiative and went to the bar to seek him out directly. I explained the situation and reiterated that we were not taking the steak at all now. He immediately went on the defensive and repeatedly stated that he was already giving us the steak for free and didn't what else I wanted. I pointed out that we never received the steak, thus we should not be charged for it regardless. He offered a new steak again, to which I said that we had already accepted that offer and wasted 20 minutes waiting for the same steak to be recooked.  Throughout this conversation, he continued to get more and more belligerent. I even had to explain to him that I'm not angry and that I just wanted to know why this would happen. Clearly not wanting to deal with me any further, he took the bill and tore it up. All the while, I was only looking for some explanation and an apology for this horrible experience. I wanted to explain this to him, but his negative attitude and unfriendly demeanor made me decide to just let it go and leave. As I did so, he finally apologized.  It's really a shame too. Like I said, my dish was very good. Our server did a great job, with the one exception, and I felt bad for her by the time we left. I gave her all the cash I had for a tip, admittedly it wasn't much, but I needed to leave quite badly. It worries me a bit that every time she had went to tell the owner about the steak, she seemed almost frightened. When I asked her if I could go to the manager and talk to him myself, she started stuttering and looked very shocked. I even saw her moving very quickly away from him with her head down.  After 13 years working in restaurants and dealing with many types of owners and managers, I know what it's like to have an owner like that. They make for a tense environment and rarely get good results from their employees. In fact, all three of the owners that I worked for that were similar to Jim are now out of business.  I would suggest to avoid this place completely. Between the inconsistency of quality and the inability for them to resolve situations, you're better off going nearly anywhere else.~steak, pasta steak steak. steak steak steak. steak steak, steak. steak steak. steak. steak steak steak, steak steak steak, 
Service was horrible, food was cold and bland. We went on a Thursday night and our food took an extremely long time to get. Once we got it, my pasta dish was cold and bland. The waitress asked if we wanted Parmesan for our dishes and by the time she got back I was almost done with my dish. On top of that, a refill on our water took multiple reminders and we didn't get the bill until 40 minutes after we were done eating. I don't know if this was an off night for the entire place (chef, waitress, wait staff, etc) but I will not be going back. There are so many other GREAT Italian restaurants (for price, taste, service).~pasta 
We went there for Sunday brunch. It was scary. Everything had mayonnaise on it. Everyone left feeling nauseated. We literally felt ill after attempting to eat the horrible food. I miss La Paella.~paella. 
I was impressed with the food and the service but my wife and young son were not as impressed.  I have been unhappy with the tomato paste many local resturants call sause and was surprised and happy to taste their robust sause.   If I combined my impression with my wife's we would be at 3.5 stars.  I was not put off by the price, the items were worth it.~tomato 
I am a bit mixed on the continental and normally would rate it 4 stars, but give it 5 stars due to the best happy hour in madison. The entrees are a bit pricey and while good, not amazing (I got a steak, done up one of the special ways and enjoyed it). If I had money, I would probably eat there for dinner every now and then, but as a poor student with a baby, I rarely splurge.  However the happy hour is the best in town. Everything is 1/2 price from 4-6pm on weekdays. This includes drinks and the appetizers/pizzas. The pizzas are great. There is a wide range here. You have everything form a traditional pepperoni (which is a good pepperoni pizza) to a feta/spinach greek pizza. My two favorites are the buffalo chicken and the muffaletta pizza (but both are very different from "normal" pizza). The brie and walnut quesadilla is also a good appetizer.   In terms of drinks, their specialty drinks tend to be a little sweet/girly (emerald margarita which is a margarita with a shot of melon liquor/etc.) However they always have a (limited) selection of good beer on tap (always micros no coors/etc.) and can make you any traditional drink that you want.    While it says it isn't kid friendly, if you come during a slower week day night it can be. We brought our 4 month old to the restaurant (he's very well behaved). He did great and the patrons loved him (got a bit fussy at the end, but his grandma just paraded him around the restaurant/let the patrons interact with him and he was as happy as a clam). You can even sit/eat in the couch area of the bar which would be great if you had a younger child as as there is plenty of room for them to move around, color, play with action figures/whatever and not get in the way of other guests. Plus the bar area isn't exactly quiet (TV's, patron's chatting etc.). The outdoor area also rocks and likewise is kid friendly.~steak, pepperoni ( pepperoni pizza 
OK so the decor is great and the ambiance is great....and my company was beyond great! The food here was simple and good, it was simply not anything exceptional. My date had the polenta and I had the fettuccine alfredo with shrimp and while both were good they did not leave a great desire to go back and have them again. The service was very good and attentive, just enough attention when needed but not overbearing. Not sure I would go out of my way to go back.~date shrimp 
I went to the Continental for lunch and ordered half a pepperoni pizza and half an Italian sausage pizza for $10.  The pizza was top notch!  It was truly outstanding.  The Italian sausage left a lot to be desired.  It wasn't as hot (temperature) as I would have liked.  I might have said something about it but my server was pretty slow.  He seemed sort of aloof and too cool to really take care of me.  There was another waitress there that seemed much friendlier.  I guess the luck of the draw worked against me this time.  I'll go back, but will hope for a different server.  I wish I could grant 3.5 stars.  I have faith that it's better than a three star so four stars it is.~pepperoni pizza 
Personally, I follow the mantra of "Mess up? 'Fess up and Dress up." In other words, when you make a mistake, admit to it and then go above and beyond to make reparations.   The Continental seems to follow a philosophy of: "Mess up? Ignore the Problem". Or perhaps, "Mess up? The Damage Has Already Been Done, So Might As Well Continue Being Awful."   While vacationing with my parents in Madison I convinced them to try The Continental rather than go to Il Benvenuto's, simply because The Continental averaged one star more on Yelp and I loathe chain restaurants.  I was obligated to apologize for this by the time we left.  We were seated promptly, but more than 10 minutes after being seated, we still had not been approached by a server. No water, no bread, nothing. Several servers walked by and seemed to deliberately avoid looking in our direction. Another table was seated and got service before us. Finally, I got up and notified a server/hostess (I'm not sure which she was, truthfully). There was no apology, just an assurance that someone would be right with us. It was another 3 to 4 minutes before someone was right with us, complete with several awkward instances of different servers coming near and looking at our apparently challenging table of 3 and then walking away.   Our server finally came and perhaps tried to apologize via making a nonchalant joke about how they had unintentionally "forgotten about" us. He then continued to forget about us, coming by the table too infrequently and forgetting the basics when he did stop by. For example, my water glass - which was my only beverage since we were not served a wine & cocktail menu - was empty for two of his visits to the table before I finally asked him for more water on his 3rd visit. We had to ask for table bread. We had to point out that salads came with our meals. Service went on like this for the rest of the night.   The food was, as other reviews complain, completely bland. My mom and I got the fettuccine with lemon pesto and jumbo scallops, which is pan tossed in a lemon pesto sauce with zucchini & roasted red peppers. Doesn't that sound good? Well, it wasn't. I dumped loads of salt and pepper on this dish just to make it taste like *something*. I didn't taste the vegetables, not even the red peppers, and the scallops were rubbery. It was an oily, bland mess. Not even close to being worth the $19 price tag.   As far as I can tell, the only good thing this place has going for it is that they have just started to grow their own tomatoes and basil. Sadly, I doubt you'll be able to taste either of them.   The website: http://www.continentalfitchburg.com~salads lemon lemon zucchini & 
Nice atmosphere and terrific pasta dishes. Their vegetarian lasagna  is oustanding!~pasta 
I think this restaurant is one of the few under-rated in Madison area. We're lucky to have such a culinary treat in Fitchburg. The ambiance is warm with a large dining area. Our service has always been noteworthy. The food is quite good, especially the appetizers. I've been trying to get there for happy hour, seems like a good deal. Try their desserts, they've all been phenomenal.~appetizers. 
Had high hopes as Cafe Continental in downtown Madison has always been a favorite.  Went here on a Saturday evening and really enjoyed the gorgeous patio - that's wonderful.  Our server was very nice although clueless.  We ordered two appetizers - BBQ chicken Flatbread and the Crab Cakes - both were good but barely warm when they reached us.  The Crab cakes were a bit mushy - not the best I've had.  The flatbread had great flavor and LOTS of cheese - but would have been better hot.  My husband ordered an Absolut and tonic - they don't serve Aboslut - maybe our tastes aren't what they should be?  The overall  menu was confusing too - many items had no description.  We'll go back as we love to support local restauarants - we just hope it's better next time.~appetizers - bbq chicken 
Great food and excellent happy hour (1/2 price hors d'ouevres and drinks 4-6 Mon-Fri).  They have an excellent pesto which we order with our bread basket.  They do fish and pasta extremely well; they're pizza could use more garlic and/or basil.  They're alcohol list is comprehensive, we love this place.~pasta pizza garlic 
Avant d'aller faire ma première visite au Toasteur, j'ai dû expliquer à mon chum comment prononcer le nom du resto pour qu'il sonne bien en bon québécois. Je lui ai montré comment mettre l'accent sur le "eur" au lieu de dire "ère" comme à la française.  J'y suis allée pour rencontrer une copine qui habite tout près et que je n'avais pas vu depuis très longtemps. Quand je suis arrivée, nous étions seules, mais après quelques minutes le petit resto tout mignon c'est rempli un peu. L'endroit est d'une grandeur idéale pour avoir un bon service et un remplissage des tasses de café constant.  Il y a un peu de tout côté déjeuner avec quelques plats différents comme les crêpes farcies. Celles aux pommes, fromage et bacon m'ont tenté mais j'ai choisi le pain doré au pain aux raisin. Le menu donne l'option de commander une demie ou une pleine portion. J'ai pris la demie portion une fois que le serveur m'a dit que la pleine contenait 6 tranches de pains. SIX!!!! C'est presque la moitié d'un pain au raisin complet! La demie m'a très bien remplie quand même. Mon amie a demandé le classique 2 oeufs, patates et au lieu d'un choix de viande, ils donnent aussi l'option d'un morceau de fromage cheddar. Un p'tit changement rafraîchissant qui fait changement pour ceux qui n'aiment pas les viandes à déjeuner et qui veulent autre chose que des tranches de tomates et de la laitue iceberg.~bacon raisin. raisin iceberg. 
Solid breakfast, nothing fancy, clean and bright. Basically those are all the things I ask of a brunch spot. It's not surpassing my expectations, but it has never let me down. A pretty standard weekend trip for us, and we have absolutely no regrets about that.  I actually think that their standard breakfast options are extremely reasonably priced considering the area of town. The omelettes and bennys are a little overpriced, but a couple of eggs, bacon, potatoes, toast, fruit and coffee will run you something like $7. They have great service which, and I cannot stress this enough, has come to mean the absolute world to me after moving from Atlanta to Montreal. Being in a place where I feel welcomed (rather than feeling like an inconvenience) basically will earn an automatic four stars from me here...  I think if you're in the 'hood it's a spot to check out.~bacon, potatoes, coffee 
Having never ventured north of the Laurier subway stop before, on our last day in Montreal we decided to breach some new territory.  We went in search of another brunch spot and walked by Le Toasteur on the way, and thought it looked busy and good.  Well as it turned out, the primary target of our trip was close, so we doubled back to Toasteur.  It wasn't bad... but it there was nothing particularly out of the ordinary or special either.  I had a salmon bagel which was pretty standard, the fruit was fresh and the toast slices were thick.  Not bad, but I probably wouldn't seek this one out again.~salmon 
Client de longue date, j'ai toujours apprécié aller bruncher dans ce restaurant... Jusqu'à aujourd'hui... 1:30 d'attente et même pas d'excuses... C'est décevant!   D'autant plus décevant lorsque le propriétaire vous invite a aller ailleurs lorsqu'on lui mentionne, et de façon extrêmement polie, l'attente vécue. Cerise sur le gâteau...Le conjoint du propriétaire nous explique que si on n est pas content, qu'il n a pas besoin de notre argent. Effectivement, a 43$ le brunch pour deux.. J'irais ailleurs et je vous invite a en faire autant, il y a tellement d'autres restaurant a découvrir a Montreal pour bruncher!  La qualité n'est plus ce qu'elle était.~date, 
Pretty decent breakfast, can almost always get a table in a hurry even during the brunch rush. I find this place to be quite pricey though for what it is: eggs, coffee and toast. The staff is really sweet though and the location can't be beat.~coffee 
I take Sunday downtime seriously, and that includes a stellar brunch at a local diner. This was my new brunch adventure this week, and it was a true delight. When we arrived, our host informed us that my manfriend's mother had called and reserved us a table, and he sat us down at a table for two, with a reserved sign on it. It was a joke - my manfriend's mother lives halfway across the world and there's no way she'd call in a reservation, but it was a cute way of seating us at a table presumably reserved for a couple who never showed up, and making a warm, friendly connection with us. Good humour from the get-go: instant bonus points! It's great to start off a Sunday morning laughing.   This place has a wide selection of breakfast fare, including six different types of Eggs Benedict! It is after all, a breakfast restaurant (we took our cue from the name). We were immediately attended to by our server, with a hot pot of coffee and refills that never ended until we got up to pay! Gotta love a bottomless coffee at breakfast time, especially when it's your classic, beloved watery diner coffee. The wait staff was super friendly the whole time, and our meal came without much of a wait - besides, with all that coffee to drink, nobody was noticing a lack of food. I ordered the smoked salmon eggs benedict, which also comes with hash browns and fresh fruit. It was very generously smothered with salmon and bechamel sauce, and fresh tarragon! Nom noms. I would have liked the sauce to be a little bit warmer than it was, but overall it was very good and thoroughly satisfying. My manfriend got a classic scrambled eggs, bacon, ham, toast and hashbrowns, which also came with a half waffle smothered in nutella and fresh strawberries and bananas. Is your mouth watering yet? THIS is the way to do Sunday brunch.   Should you go check it out? Yes, and let me know if you do - I'll see you there! Sunday brunch is better with friends! It's totally family- and group-friendly, too.~instant coffee coffee coffee. coffee smoked salmon 
Very friendly owners, fresh high quality produce, including fresh eggs and goat cheese, I highly recommend to try caramel sauce made from goat milk, it is just simply amazing!~cheese, caramel milk, 
I stumbled upon this place today on Facebook and I'm SO glad I did.  I went with a co-worker to check it out today and loved it!  The owners were so welcoming and explained what was where and how it all worked.  We learned that it is best to get to the farm early on Thursday mornings for the best selection as they were out of most all of the goat milk products.  I bought a bit of produce and some Crows Dairy feta cheese as well as a couple of tomato plants and a chive and arugula plant.  It's great to have a hidden gem like this in the middle of Scottsdale.  Can't wait to go back!~milk cheese tomato arugula 
This place is absolutely amazing! I work for an insurance company and we decided to have our team building event at The Simple Farm.  We chose the Udder to Table retreat and it was a great experience for all.  We arrived at the farm about the time the sun was starting to come up and were graciously greeted by Lylah, Laurie and Michael.  They had delicious cinnamon rolls, coffee and tea waiting for us in the garden area and even made scrambled eggs for us at the request of one of the people in our group.   After breakfast we went to visit the goats and all took turns milking.  Michael and Lylah explained the whole process to us and how they use the milk for their delicious goats milk caramels.    We then took a tour of the farm and settled in for our goat cheese workshop from Gretchen.  This was a very hands on experience as we were each able to learn first and then make our own cheese with any mix-ins of our choosing.  There was a lot of sampling and experimenting and the cheese was absolutely delicious.    We then took a tour of the garden and the Farmers Market and set out to make our own lunch as a team.  We were split into three groups and given a bowl and some scissors.  We headed out to the garden to pick what we wanted to include in our salad.  We brought back everything we picked and as a group cleaned the veggies and prepared our meal.  Our lunch included homemade pumpkin soup, bread, the salad we had all made together and some goat cheese; it was wonderful.  We all sat at the table and shared what we had learned throughout the day.  The dining area on the farm is absolutely beautiful, I felt like I was in a magazine!   Overall it was a great experience and I would definitely recommend.  The farm is great in itself, but it's truly the people there that really make it an experience to remember.~coffee tea milk milk cheese cheese cheese salad. pumpkin salad cheese; 
One of my favorite places, a little local gem.  Fresh organic produce, nice people, quaint, close to home.  I come every thursday for my fix of fresh greens.~greens. 
A simple farm it is, but still made for a lovely outing this morning before breakfast elsewhere.  Truly enjoyed seeing the kids (baby goats) greet visitors at the front of the tiny, but quaint shop.  There were more goats frolicking outside behind gates, at the other end of the shop, and I heard a young woman say she was very excited to take home one of the goats (she mentioned a name, but I forgot), so I'm assuming one may adopt from here?  Don't quote me on this, though, because assuming may sometimes make an ass out of you and me... Those two small specimens out in the front seemed a delight to care for, but I know they're more than two handfuls!  I spotted beautiful vegetables for purchase, as well as homemade breads (some were gluten-free- the zucchini loaf looked tempting), snacks (trail mix, bags of granola, dried fruit, and raw seeds, etc.), goat milk ice creams and cheeses, and so much more.  Small batches of each, so come early!  Note that cash is the only payment accepted.  It's so awe-inspiring that the honor system is observed here.  I felt the love at this farm, indeed.  Hoping to visit again when my attention isn't diverted by hunger.  Will try to visit before the farm closes sometime in June due to the high heat of summer; I hear it will reopen sometime in October.  FYI, the goat milk caramels piqued my interest as I pored over the farm's website, but the ingredient info lists light corn syrup, so beware.  A bag of about ten candies costs $10.  I've tried local goat milk fudge at fairs in the past, as well as eaten Laloo goat milk ice creams (can be found at Whole Foods), and liked them, so I'm glad that these caramels contain corn syrup to keep me away!  Hehe.  Thanks for helping me save money and calories, TSF!  And again, CASH ONLY!~zucchini milk milk corn milk milk corn 
I found Lylah and Michael and their dear nubian milk maids (i.e. the cutest, happiest, goats I ever saw) through Instagram, and when I finally decided my instastalking approached a new level of crazy, I attended a pie crust workshop cohosted by Rachel of Pistol Whipped (who happens to be a pastry guru/charmer/genius). At first I couldn't believe this little haven existed inside the city, but then I decided to appreciate how charming The Simple Farm is!   If the over saturated documentaries about food on Netflix don't have you keenly aware of the importance of knowing where your food comes from then you let your Netflix lapse. Well, at The Simple Farm, you not only know you're getting farm fresh like at the Phoenix area markets, you also can actually see the source of your food and walk around the beds from which your pretty kale and other Beatrix Potter-type veggies grow.   I went back another week for their farmer's market and everything about this farm and their way of being in their business is special and lost in the current state of everyone's business. I fell in love with carrots that only looked cuter in Peter Cottontail's pockets, fruit trees decked out in flower buds and baby peaches, darling doelings who double as vaulting gymnasts, and an honor system coffee bar. Oh, yes, and there are more fresh produce, cheese, goat's milk, an epic hand made caramels alongside other artisan goodies and wares.~milk pie kale coffee cheese, milk, 
Visited this Farm as part of the Arcadia Edible Garden Tour and I really enjoyed myself here.  As it was the first stop on the tour, I took advantage of the yummy treats they were selling.  They had lots of herbs and some peaches; breads (amazing little ciabatta breads) and then this to-die-for caramel made from.. you'd never guess.. goat's milk!  It was fantastic over the Crow's Dairy goat-milk gelato they also sold there (BTW, Crow's Dairy is Buckeye, AZ's goat farm and sells at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market every Sunday).  Okay, back to the farm - It has a very not-so-organized (almost wild-looking) layout and growth about it.. everything seems like seeds were just sprinkled and watered, and, POOF, garden!  You can walk the gardens, but don't touch (duh!) and then you can go see the chickens in the back and then see the goats to the side.  It's very family friendly as they have little paths and signs that tell you where you can go and where you should stay out.  Their little snack-shack area, as I mentioned, had all sorts of goodies... they even had this outstanding blueberry muffin the gal had just made - yum!  The goat milk gelato was so tasty and their caramel is something you must get and take home.  If I lived in this area, I'd definitely come here for the eggs... sadly, I don't, but you should if you live nearby.~caramel milk! milk milk caramel 
Amazing little farm in the middle of a residential neighborhood in North Scottsdale. They have an honor's system market every day and a full-service market on Thursdays and Saturdays where you can drink fresh coffee, meet the owners, and enjoy delicious pastries while you browse their bounty. Well-worth a visit, if not for the homemade goat's milk caramels alone. Seriously, they're unreal.~coffee, pastries milk 
Great time! Very welcoming and positive experience for a newcomer. The owners are super friendly and the regulars are just as nice. We learned a lot about the vegetables and we also checked out the chicken coops and baby goats. My little one had a huge grin on his face the whole time. They also offer several workshops that usually start at 9am. I recommend getting their early if you plan on purchasing their freshly picked organic produce.~chicken 
Just love this quiant farm in the city.  Visited today for wonderfully fresh swiss chard and beets. Weather is great to stop, have a cup of coffee and a pastry.  Their goats are so sweet you can pet them.  Great place to bring kids to show them where their food comes from.  This farm is genuine to their word and really practice the organic/natural lifestyle.  Makes you feel like you are in a different town and not in the heart of Scottsdale.  Stop by on Thursdays....~swiss chard coffee 
Want to visit a local farm and get in touch with your inner farmer? Let me introduce Michael and Lylah Ledner host , owners and producer at the Simple Farm...Give them a call and head out for a visit.   The Simple Farm opened its gates to the public the week of Thanksgiving, 2010.  The  farm store was finally ready  and willing  to have  customers experience the beauty of our farm as we grow.  For now, Tuesdays from 9:30 am - 6 pm are the only day that they are open to the public.  And, because They are a working farm and the farm is a business and their private home, it's not a good idea to just drop by.  They value sharing the farm experience with others and if you email at thesimplefarm @ gmail dot com, they will  be delighted to schedule a tour for you and your family or group (i.e. girl scouts, school, etc.)  The tour fees is $2 per person.  Currently the Simple Farm is a producer of veggies, herbs, flowers and eggs for the North Scottsdale Farmer's Market and their own Tuesday Market. Here is the list for what was growing in December : .  Kale - 2 varieties Swiss Chard - 2 varieties Beets - (so far) 3 varieties Radish - French Breakfast and Cherry Belle Salad Mixes - Mesculin, Red Romaine, Romaine (this is up), Lattuga, some gourmet salad mixes as well Carrots - Nantes Arugula - more Herbs: dill, cilantro, French sorrel, French Chervil, Chives, parsley, Broccoli More gourmet greens Sugar snap peas Spinach Onions Garlic  New seeds and plants are be readied for the coming season . Several local restaurants such as The Herb Box , purchase many of the Tomatoes, herbs and other bounties of the garden.  Fresh Eggs from the farm are a delicious treat.   The farm also house several milking goats and hopefully will sell their milk someday.   Be sure to check out coming events at the farm .~kale - swiss chard - radish - cherry salad romaine, romaine ( salad arugula - cilantro, parsley, broccoli greens sugar snap peas 
Love this place and so do my little guys!! Goats, chickens, green stuff everywhere- what more can you want in life?! Living in a desert, this place can seem like a mirage, but it's not. Who knew a farm could happen in the middle of Scottsdale?  The farming team, Michael & Lylah, are very into all things local, composting and eating off the land. They live this out and are great at teaching young and old alike. Lylah has been known to stoop down and pick some greens from the dirt and hand them to my 3 year old who eats away! So cool! I want my boys to grow up knowing where their food really comes from.   They also sell goat cheese, goat milk caramel, organic vegetables and homemade jam. We need more of this culture in the Valley and you can definitely find it at The Simple Farm.   Michael, is also a musician, and my favorite market days are when you find him playing live music. These are rare, but it adds an extra cool touch.   Can't say enough about this couple! You need to experience and support them.~greens cheese, milk caramel, 
I just came back from a cheese making event at the Simple Farm.  As we were sitting at a beautiful farm table surrounded by flowers, trees and herbs, you lose site of the fact you are in scottsdale.  I can't wait to go back.  Thank you all!~cheese 
Hands down, one of the best organic farms in our state. Lylah and Michael are the finest, most dedicated farmers/couples you'd ever hope to meet. The quaint little shop, the goats, the chickens, and well, the famous goat's milk caramels.....You cannot go wrong. Head over, grab a coffee, sit or roam the grounds and take home some of the best organic food ever.~milk coffee, 
Sometimes, between two meetings, you need something quick for the lunch time. Of course, this is a Mexican fast food so I was not expecting to have the most astonish meat ever, but I was expecting a bit more.  Situated in the Montreal Eaton Centre, Taco Supreme is part of the food area of the shopping center. The food was OK, but they put it in the microwave before giving it to me. This is the last things I'm expecting from a restaurant when I'm paying for food: using the microwave to warm my food. Just for this, it's a no-go for me. At least the service was friendly.~taco 
i would give this NO starts if yelp let me. this place is absolutely awful. some of the vegetables in my salad were rotten -- tasted and smelled gross and mouldy. the owne offered to partly reimburse me. the whole place was very dirty and disorganized. seriously, skip this dirthole if you can. the owner Lee doesn't care about her business at all and is serving unsafe food.~salad 
I thought it was pretty good! I mean obviously don't expect the food to be top notch. It is a Mexican fast food restaurant in a mall. But I was really feeling like a burrito while I was shopping and this place hit the spot! There aren't that many good fast food Mexican places around here. I would recommend it.   Prices are fair and the staff is nice.~burrito 
2nd visit on a lazy snowy Sunday afternoon.  Sampled the chicken pot pie, chicken tortilla, and lobster bisque.  They were all really tasty!  Ordered bowl of lobster bisque and asian salad and chicken pot pie soup combo.  You get a choice of bread ( sour dough, French, or multigrain) but they are all merely okay.  Not even sure if the bun comes with butter as it's just sitting on the tray.  They need a nice flaky biscuit like the type Ravi's offers (hint hint).    Service is slower than I expected.  They don't seem very organized getting things made and sent out.  Other than that I have no complaints.  Who doesn't like soup on a cold winters day?~chicken pie, chicken salad chicken pie butter 
At 5 pm today I went to the Oakville location for my first (and last) ever Zoup experience. I am feeling a little under the weather, so I thought a nice bowl of soup would be the best thing. When I arrived, the unenthusiastic teenager they had working the Frontline offered to let me taste test any of their soups before purchasing. On my second spoonful (testing the butternut squash soup) I had to immediately spit back up the soup ad it SCALDED my lips and tongue- I cried out in pain and tears filled my eyes. I informed the employee that the soup was far too hot to serve, he turned to his Co worker and asked if the soups had been checked for temperature yet today...to which she replied "I don't know." When  this employee went to check the temperature of the soup I had just been given, he said "oh, it's 171 degrees F" Ummmmmm are you people trying to take my skin off? Are you asking for a lawsuit? And after all that, I was offered a lazy "uh...sorry?" And only after I reiterated to the staff how badly I was hurt. I wanted to purchase soup so I joked that maybe I should wait an hour for the soup to be cool and for my tongue to heal, then when I went to pay my debit card was giving trouble going through. I got frustrated and left. They could have at least offered the soup to me for free considering the quite literal pain and suffering they put me through. 171 degrees. Unbelievable. You need to train your staff properly before someone gets seriously hurt!  Oh and by the way, it is 2 and a half hours later and I still can't enjoy my own dinner before my mouth feels like it had 3rd degree burns in it. Seriously, I can feel shreds of loose skin in my mouth.  THANKS ZOUPS next time I will make my own~butternut 
I came here a few days ago with some friends for the first time. The staff member who was helping us was kind enough to bare with us when we kept asking to try the different soup flavours. It probably helped that there were only 5 other customers in the 2 hours we hung out there... Anyway, there were so many different and yummy soup choices - it was great to see such a variety! I ended up getting the chicken pot pie soup with pie crust crumble (side portion) because I didn't want a regular or large portion as my afternoon snack. It came with a choice of a bread roll. Now, yes the soup as a side came out to $6 something, which sounds pricey but it was good and very filling for a seemingly small portion. If I'm ever back in the area again and in the mood for soup, I'll come here again for sure!~chicken pie pie 
I wish I could give this place less than one star.  Was in on a Saturday,  they are technically open however they are telling all new customers they are closed.  Apparently the evening staff failed to prep soup for the next day so this location basically has no food ready for consumption.  Just ordered soup and salad and the two completely incompetent staff members can't seem to get it right.~salad 
This was our first visit to Zoup. The interior was spacious and bright. Everything was very clean, including the bathrooms.  We were greeted by the very friendly staff as soon as we walked in. We were asked if it was our first visit and when we said it was, they invited us over to have some samples of soup.   We were very disappointed to find that there were no gluten-free options for the sandwiches and wraps. However, there were a couple of gluten-free soups, so we each ordered a soup/salad combo.  We both had the roasted tomato bisque, which was very flavourful and piping hot. I had the Sonoma salad which was very fresh and tasty. I enjoyed the fact that there were cranberries, nuts and gorgonzola, although I think it could have benefited from some protein. My husband had the cobb salad and he thought it was very good, with generous portions of most of the add-ins. It could have benefited from a little bit more egg (there was only about 1/4 of an egg).  Other than wishing they offered gluten-free options for the sandwiches, we also thought it would have been nice not to have been served with disposable dishes and cutlery since we were eating in.  All in all, we enjoyed our food and look forward to returning and trying some of the other dishes.~wraps. tomato salad salad egg ( egg) 
This review is based off of their Sunday Brunch, I have not been to Vue for anything else so I can not comment, however, I have heard they have an excellent wine list.  Anyway....Their Sunday brunch is excellent, with made to order pasta and omelets, as well as pancakes, french toast, fresh fruit, several different salads, panko crusted grouper and a few other various pork and beef choices.  There is more than what I listed but my only complaint is that I feel there could still be a few more options for the $18.95 per person price.  For example, while I don't generally eat prime rib for brunch its a popular option that was not available here.  What I want to take the time to point out is all the ingredients in the salads, omelets, pasta and the fruit looked and tasted extremely fresh.  The omelet, the french toast and the grouper were probably my three favorite items.  The french toast has a cinnamon flavor with maybe a slight brown sugar crunch, it was not at all soggy and the topping choices of fresh berries, whipped cream, butter or warm ginger maple syrup were excellent.  Some of the best french toast I can remember to be honest.  The Panko crusted grouper was nice and light but still crispy and the grouper was not at all fishy, very fresh.   The omelet was huge, took up half the plate, but it was excellent as well, probably ranks near the tops for any buffet I can remember.  The only other knock is that beverages were not included at that price either.  I'd definitely go back but do acknowledge that its a little expensive but not too expensive that it should prevent you from giving it a try.  Every item was very tasty and I'd like to come back for Lunch or Dinner and see how they do there.~pasta pancakes, french toast, salads, pork beef salads, pasta french toast french toast brown butter ginger french toast 
As you can see from my tagline, I don't give out 5 stars very often.  However, Vue deserves it.  I travel to Ohio a couple times a year and had just about given up on having a decent meal and convinced myself to succumb to national chains like TGI Fridays and Chili's.  However, being in the area for a meeting, a friend recommended this place.  The wait staff is timely and courteous.  They do their job well. The food is excellent.  At a place like this, one would expect small portions, but they were quite large and satisfying.  My wife and I had the avocado and frizzee salads.  Both were delicious.  I had one of the specials of the day (ribeye), and she had the scallops.  Again, both were excellent.  We shared the peach upside down cake for dessert which was consumed in about 30 seconds after it hit the table.    Definitely recommend this place.~avocado salads. peach cake 
My parents took us out for my belated birthday dinner at Vue.  We'd been a couple years ago and the food and service was excellent, but apparently, since then, ownership has changed hands.  We sat down and waited upwards of 20 minutes to order from the time we received our menus.  Our waiter seemed to ignore us or have better things to do in the back.  On the plus side, the bottle of wine we had (Pinot Noir from Willamette Valley in Oregon) was fantastic.  Sipped that for a while until we got our first course, a lukewarm Kobe Beef Shortrib on top of garlic/horseradish mashed potatoes.  Sent it back due to temperature, and received a new one. On the plus side, it wasnt the same one that they'd just toss in the microwave.  But to serve something thats been sitting around for a while puts a bad taste in my mouth.    And now wait 20 minutes.  Onto salads.  The salads there sound appetizing, but what you really get is a lot of lettuce and a minor sprinkle of the goods you really want.  The beet salad had 2 meager slices of beet.  The manchego and mixed berry salad had 2 dime sized chunks of manchego and some berries.  We requested some extra manchego on the side.  They did provide.  Back to a good 15-20 minute wait.    The main courses were actually pretty good.  I got a nice piece of halibut with lump crab (not enough crab in my book, but tasty), rest of the family ordered seabass with a good gnocchi, and a steak.  No real complaints there.    Dessert was cake that my mother brought.  The cake was fantastic.  But after they brought it out, we waited 5 minutes for the waiter to bring us a knife to cut the cake.  And following that, we had to ask again for forks.  Also ordered 3 cappuchinos - 2 decaf, 1 regular.  All three came out decaf, and they looked like decaf coffee with a lump of foamed milk on top.    In the end, we did get comped the bottle of wine.  I'm not sure if it was a kind gesture, or the waiter just forgot to toss it on there, he didn't say a word about it.  But in the end, I'm pretty sure we're not coming back.~beef potatoes. salads. salads lettuce beet salad beet. salad steak. cake cake cake. coffee milk 
Did you ever go somewhere and think you were somewhere else, or feel that you were supposed to think you were somewhere elsebut you were somewhere else but not that somewhere else, or think that you were supposed to think you were right where you are but you aren't really?  Me, too.  I got that feeling strolling the streets of Nouveau Hudson. (Or is it Nouvelle?  I'm not sure.)  It's a Crocker Park- Legacy Village-esque section of Hudson that is built to mimic old Hudson.  It does but it doesn't.    All that metphysics made me hungry, so Mon cher chou, and Herself went to Vue to recharge.  It's a nice looking, upscale place that would not look out of place on East 4th or on the restaurantier side of West 6th.   The wait staff is extremely friendly and personable without being intrusive.  There was no children's menu, but the restaurant offered several child friendly dishes including spaghetti and mac and cheese.  Herself chose the mac, but we poached some.  (Thanks, try the veal.)  It was orrecchio with the creamiest cheese sauce I've ever had.  Num.    The bread at the table was very good-- an italian and a foccacia.  However the "tapenade" seemed to be a pool of olive oil with a spoonful of actual tapinade in the middle.  I scooped out the drowning spoonful and found it to be tasty.  Mon Cher chou and I split some calamari.  It was light and crisp with a pepper glaze sauce and a creamy mustard sauce dizzled over.  I had scallops with ginger mushrom hash.  OK, I ordered it because I couldn't resist anything called ginger mushrooom hash.  The scallops were nicely done.  The hash-- needed some appreciable mushrooms-- but the ginger taste was nice and subtle.  Mon cher chou had the pasta with sun dried tomatoes and chicken.  Tasty, if a bit bland.  It needed more chicken to make it a good meal.  Overall: a decent meal in alleged Hudson.~spaghetti mac and cheese 
Great coffee options. A great place to study (free-WIFI) and on a hot afternoon they have huge fans that you can use to cool down.   There's a second floor with lots of seats. The bathroom is very ''decorative'' and even a little scary but was fairly clean.  They have food options (I didn't get to try) but I did order an 16 oz. Iced mint/mocha coffee concotion that was around $4.~coffee coffee 
Emergency!!!! i need coffee,but not from Starbucks! Where can i go??    Right opposite to Star bucks is Kiva Han.The place which promises good coffee,different types of tea and also good salad and sandwiches.I like their menu and their coffee's are good too. And it is a great place to go sit in during winters.    But when it is not Winter it is a Furnace.It is extremely stuffy and suffocates me every time i go take a seat hoping i don't feel that way. But darn!! it's the same feeling every time.Sorry Kiva i hate your place but i like your menu.   Kiva Han To Go!!! :)  -smriti~coffee, coffee, tea salad coffee 
I'm a grad student at Pitt, and I go here all the time. The Granola Works with Yogurt is generously portioned, filling, healthful, and dirt cheap- probably the best lunch under $5 in all of Oakland. For beverages (which I only rarely get), it's not spectacular, but it's worlds better than Pitt's cafe, Cathedral Coffee. The free wifi is also a nice bonus.  For 1-3 people grabbing beverages or something light, it's great, but I would not recommend this place for large groups for a meal. But it's a coffee shop, so you should probably know that already.~coffee. coffee 
I spent the day at Carnegie library across the street. It was hot in there so I wanted to get someplace cooler and get some food. Not knowing the area, I ended up directly across the street. Lucky for me, there was a table just outside the door available. Though it was 90 or so, there was a pleasant breeze which was so much better than being cooped up in the library. Outdoor seating rocks. I think that was the right choice because inside was just as hot. I dont know if they have air conditioning somehow I don't think so as the doors were wide open. Due to this, I didn't go much further so can't comment.  I don't do coffee, so by the other reviews, I'm glad I wasn't wanting that. I'll get the hot chocolate when I'm back in winter.  I had seen several customers outside with salads and such. I had the full intention of ordering one as they looked good and the other customers seemed to be enjoying them.  Inside looking at the menu, the chicken and other wraps sounded good, then I saw they had a Curry Wrap. I asked what it was and got a simple answer that it was mostly rice and some vegetables lightly curried. By the description, I'm not too uncertain that they don't adjust the veggies for what is available. What I got was delicious.  The Curry Wrap was indeed Midwestern Pgh. light in seasoning. For me, it was perfect. The filling was simply rice, seasoning and chic peas. It came with a side of what tasted like apricot jelly. All in all, it was delicious.   Oh yea, I had some herbal red bush tea with it....just a common teabag tea with water, but for the medium cup, they had enough sense to put two bags in. Based on this action alone they beat Starbucks hands down.  Perhaps they are actually a teahouse? Tea is much better for the body and mind than coffee anyway. Plus if one orders black tea, there is actually more caffeine without having to resort to expresso.~coffee, salads chicken wraps peas. apricot tea tea tea coffee tea, 
Nice cafe, solid location (right by both Pitt and CMU campuses), consistent wi-fi (sometimes a bit slow), and a nice atmosphere for sitting around all day with that rich coffee smell all over your clothes.  The coffee isn't the best, but it's a great place to spend time. If you're looking for delicious coffee and a smiling staff, you'll be severely disappointed--welcome to Pittsburgh. But, regardless, I still love it at Kiva Han.  I usually go back about once every other week to enjoy a cheap eat (the macaroni and cheese is caked with cheese and paprika, the wagon wheels are delicious, the penne pasta is just as good). Everything comes out fresh and light, and they call your name with the order--also, the iced tea is by far my favorite unsweetened iced tea in Pittsburgh.  It might sound weird, but check out the bathrooms. They're filled with art and writing all over the walls that you'd expect to find in coffee shop bathrooms (but don't happen at the large chains that plague the rest of the Oakland area).  Come with a friend or two, read a book, poke fun at some of the artwork, people watch all day.~coffee coffee coffee cheese cheese pasta tea tea coffee 
College-y atmosphere and an awesome place for a nice breakfast with a Kerouac coffee house ambiance. I'd place this joint in Burlington VT or in Portland's (OR) Pearl District rather than 30 miles outside Pennsyltucky. Their coffee is great.~coffee coffee 
This is my favorite coffee shop in Oakland, mostly for the friendly leftist atmosphere. The drinks are solidly ok, nothing special. I usually get iced tea.~coffee tea. 
Another reviewer labeled this as a "real coffee shop" in that they serve real coffee in a welcoming and friendly uniqueness that chain coffee shops (like across the street) don't have.  And while that would have given Kiva Han 3 stars, the extra one is for the food.  The California Wrap with chicken was something I wasn't expecting, wrapped in pita break, toasted pannini-style with sprouts, eggs, avocado.  It was delicious and I'm certainly a fan.  In a town that likes to put eggs on everything, this place is a solid A.~coffee coffee coffee chicken avocado. 
I love Kiva Han.  When Starbucks made plans to open right across the street (imbeciles), what did Kiva Han do?  Expand.  Yep, it was ballsy and audacious, and gave Starbucks the big middle finger.  Since the expansion, "David" Kiva Han has thrived while the "Goliath" across the street?  No so much - ahahahahahahahaha!  It's a funky, busy little place where you can get a major caffeine fix.  Case in point:  the almond joy coffee drink.  I make two mistakes every time I order:  I get a large and then drink it all.  It's just so good--I can't help myself!  I don't really want to know how many shots of espresso there are in it.  Suffice to say, enough to keep me up until 3 in the morning if I drink it late in the afternoon.  The food is good, too, and has a hippy, veggie, vegan kind of vibe.  Consistently good and affordable.    The place is usually jumping but you can definitely linger here over coffee and you don't get the big scowl like you do at other coffee places.  The barristas are slacker cool and always have a funny caption for their tip jar - "please give for tonight's kegger".~almond coffee coffee coffee 
Why oh why is their coffee so bad? And the food only so-so? They're a great place to work: they have free wireless and plenty of seating and friendly staff. And yet.... every time I optimistically order a sandwich or the granola or a coffee drink, I am sorely disappointed. Something about the flavors--they are too pungent in just about everything I get. Like the tofu sandwich with lime yogurt, or the granola with the super sweet oats. It's just not good. And the coffee is well-known for tasting like dirt, or at least like the bottom of the pot. Meanwhile Starbucks across the street is overflowing with customers, and for a good reason. Anyway, I will stick to the one thing I like, the iced tea, and call it a day.~coffee sandwich coffee tofu sandwich lime oats. coffee tea, 
The coffee is decent and so is the atmosphere. I like the decor of the place and there is definitely some character. Also, you can tell this place supports local events because anyone is pretty much free to post a flyer on the wall. It's hard to find outlets (if any?) so for those equipped w/ electronics and need to work, this may not be the most optimal place.   However, if you just need a temporary escape from your campus buildings, kiva han is a great meet up place. There is definitely more seating than the Starbucks across the street (two floors) but the wait at Kiva may just persuade you to take the less decent option at S-bux.   The sandwiches and wraps are blah but I will vouch for the chili. I'm sure it's not difficult to fuck up chili, but it tastes realllllly good here.~coffee wraps 
How can I explain my love hate relationship with this place? I think the best way is that we have a need-based agreement of sorts. I need a coffee and I am not always ready to go into Starbucks and here is Kiva Han right across the street. Waiting. I have both shivered through a meal and sweat through a meal at this un-climate controlled cafe. The food is okay. It's filling and I like the hangover cure simply because I like all of my breakfast rolled up into an eggy pouch. Its afforable. Go some where else if you can. it's a decent social spot I have to say- again good location. I wish the owner would take it seriously.~coffee 
If you want atmosphere, it's a great, great, great coffee shop.  If you want espresso, food, or fast service, unfortunately, look elsewhere.    Every visit here has had me run into friendly, talkative, awesome people, but I go to a coffee shop wanting coffee, honestly.~coffee coffee coffee, 
Il y a toute sorte de façon de présenter un hamburger. Dans certains cas, on nous offre une immense galette sans goût propre, dans d'autres cas, c'est la qualité qui l'emporte sur la quantité. C'est le cas chez Dic Ann's.   Oui, les hamburgers sont minuscules et les galettes très minces pour un prix plus élevé que la plupart des fast foods. La qualité des ingrédients est cependant dans une classe à part. Ce qu'on nous offre, c'est sans contredit l'un des meilleurs burgers de Montréal.   Servi avec une sauce épicée (et délicieuse), qui est de fait la marque de commerce de cette chaîne de restaurant, le hamburger devient un véritable régal. C'est une abomination que d'ajouter des condiments autre que la sauce Dic Ann's dans le sandwich. Celui-ci est d'ailleurs servi avec un petit bâton pour soulever le burger et le prendre en main sans se salir.   Leurs frites sont aussi excellentes mais c'est leur poutine qui peut faire concurrence au hamburger. Servie avec une sauce à la viande épicée (aussi délicieusement que dans le hamburger) et du fromage râpé fondant agréablement sur des patates au goût respectable.   À conseiller à tout amateur de bon burger et de mets épicés. Mise en garde cependant, une fois que vous aurez goûté, vous ne pourrez plus vous en passer.~burgers sandwich. burger burger 
It is way better than Buns or even Macdee's the fact they use fresh meat in their patties is a huge plus.  But it is a fast food burger and nothing much else. Yes it has its own distinct features from the spicy sauce to the flattened buns but is too thin on meat. You need a double or two burgers at the very least to be satisfied.  Fries are frozen and I would've given a fourth star had it been freshly cut.~burger burgers fries 
It's a flat odd coloured mess, I can't wait to go back. I had the Dic Ann cheeseburger and sauce, which is a flat cheeseburger with meat sauce, and they give you a popsicle stick to lift it out of the cardboard basket. And the flattest hot dog with all the fixins, I can't really explain it, but it was squashed and tasty. Think White Castle but with Wolverine-like origins, from the Wilds of the Canadian wilderness, Montreal.~hot dog white 
With pale pink walls, white built in displays and chandeliers hanging from the ceiling this is my idea of a dream closet/dressing room! I was not expecting this type of interior given the somewhat unassuming exterior. They have a decent amount of clothes and handbags but the majority of the merchandise is jewelry and gifts. I saw several things that I thought would make perfect gifts for friends and my shopping partner found a really cute summer dress. The sales associate was very friendly and helpful, making suggestions but not being pushy at all. I will definitely keep this place in mind for unique gifts and jewelry.~white 
The Black Orchid is located just across the street from the upscale shops at Eaton Collection, but enter the boutique and you'll find a fun, bubbly shop filled with accessories and gifts. The boutique is elegantly decorated with small chandeliers and large glass jars of brightly colored candy. Everywhere you look there are little gifts or items to examine closer. Jewelry (yes they carry House of Harlow), shoes (Melissa jellies!), purses, pajamas, belts, clothes and accessories galore. If you're in search of a gift for a lady friend than this is the perfect place to pick up something fun. I'll definitely try to stop by whenever I'm in town!~jellies! 
I bought a slice of honey cake from here and I absolutely loved it. I wish I took a picture of it, but the thought only occurred to me after I finished the cake. Next time!~honey cake cake. 
I freaking love this place. It offers Polish food and service at its best: no-nonsense, low-cost and SUPER tasty. It actually costs less to buy a delicious, light, tender chicken breast schnitzel here than it costs to buy an uncooked chicken breast down the street at Sobey's. They consistently have cute little seasonally-themed figurines in the window, and have recently renovated the inside so that it looks nicer. The staff members aren't incredibly friendly, but they're not rude either... They're just efficient. I've learned that they like it if you have exact change. Na zdrowie!~chicken chicken 
A great place to drop in for a quick homemade meal and some dessert.  We had some fried chicken on a stick and some schnitzel, it was great. The cheesecake, apple and blueberry desserts were excellent.~fried chicken 
This review is solely based on the wings. I haven't tried anything else on the menu here yet.  We ordered the wings in three different sauces - sweet & spicy, buffalo, and garlic buffalo. It was, admittedly, a challenge ordering. There was definitely a language barrier, as well as an unfamiliarity with standard wing lingo (i.e. wet).  The breading on the wings basically ruined them entirely. It was all way too soggy. After eating a couple, they literally became inedible. However, the sauces were pretty solid. The garlic buffalo was my favorite. The regular buffalo was my least favorite. I appreciated that with each sauce, you can choose mild, medium, or hot. For example, we ordered sweet & spicy medium, buffalo hot, and garlic buffalo medium. And I liked that the medium was actually medium (if not even hot). If you don't like things spicy, definitely stick to mild only here.  But alas, it didn't matter how much I liked the sauces if I couldn't stand the wings. The sauces were good enough, though, that I would come back to try some of the other menu items that sound tasty. However, I also have to take off points for the ranch and blue cheese dipping sauces. They were downright awful. So bad that I couldn't even bare to dip the bad wings in them.~garlic garlic garlic cheese 
Best wings in town, the wraps are awesome. Mark my words this place will grow and become famous. Five stars~wraps 
As the other review mentions, this place is kinda cramped, tucked away in a strip mall, and only has tables for like 6 people total. If you make an order i say use the website and phone it in ready for pickup to take home as the dining area isn't really one - more like a waiting room.  The food is what I came for though. A craving for buffalo wings had struck me and seeing this place I thought my craving could be fulfilled. I went for straight wings with medium buffalo sauce - the cashier felt compelled to tell me medium was more like "hot" for most people. Along with them i got the plate deal with fries and ranch dressing - for $8 not a bad deal. As for the actual taste - Well I guess i'm not like "most people" as i found the wings rather mild and not that hot. The sauce was nothing to write home about. The wings were good sized but didn't have much taste to them. All in all it was a rather bland selection. Even the fries had very little taste to them, but the ranch helped with that and made the meal edible at least.   I may go back to give them another try though. Their menu is quite extensive and covers a lot of different dishes for pretty reasonable prices. I may have to try the tenders and sweet potato fries instead to. But for a place that has wings in its name it sure didn't satisfy my wing craving.~fries fries sweet potato 
Ahh. chicken wings. The low carb dieters best friend! Tasty, indulgent and very low carb - what else could you ask for? We've hit up BW3 quite a few times lately, but my husband was getting fed up with the tiny little wings and tough meat. Oh and you know how sometimes you get the "mini chicken leg" looking pieces and sometimes you get those flat pieces? I like the little legs and at BW3 in an order of 24 we were getting like 3 mini legs - WTF! In search of a better wing in Henderson, we tried this place.   Prices were pretty comparable with BW3. $20ish for an order of 24 wings with 3 different sauces. I did enjoy the variety in their menu, however -burgers, cheese steaks, etc. Something to keep in mind for later. The place was small-ish (definitely wouldn't do dine in!), but was great for take out.   We get the wings home and WOW! Huge wings. I can normally put away 12 wings at BW3, I had trouble finishing 8 wings from here. So meaty and tender and delicious. Great list of sauces, too.  Mild - this was simply Frank's red hot out of the bottle. Use this to gauge if you need to step it up to medium, or stick with mild.  Garlic parm - OMG so much better than the garlic parm at BW3! So tasty and coated in parm! yum!  Sweet BBQ - husband enjoyed this, although they were a bit over sauced.  I think we've officially found our go-to wing place in Henderson. Huge succulent wings! Tasty sauces! No more mini wings at BW3 for us (ok except for mb on Tuesday or something when they discount em) .~chicken chicken cheese steaks, garlic garlic 
The food was average at best, as well as the service.  The chicken tenders were so moist that they were almost uncooked and they seemed to not have any breading!!!!!~chicken 
Hot Buffalo Garlic Wings and a basket of curly fries Made my night here yesterday.  This is the second time I had wings here.  The first time, we stumbled on this place on accident too, but they were so good that we came back for more.    My all time favorite has always been wing stop's lemon pepper wings and a basket of fries, but since it is a bit far, I haven't had any for a while.  BWW is close, but they don't have lemon pepper wings.  This place doesn't have the lemon pepper either, but made me like the hot buffalo garlic sauce!    We always get the deal where you can chose between 12 wings or 8 tenders, fries or onion rings, and a drink.  We (two of us) get the 12 wings, curly fries (added $1), and a drink...all for 11.95 (12.95), and still had fries left.  Like other have said, it's a tiny place, but it felt homey.  The lady owner is super nice.  I definitely recommend!~garlic curly fries 
This is a review of the wings; there are a lot of other items on the menu to try.  I got the 8 wings/fries combo plate and a Coke for about $10.  I found the wings tough and dry, even with the sweet BBQ sauce.  A much better alternative is The Chicken Shack (and I intend on visiting Buffalo Wild Wings soon).  The sad part is that it was completely empty on a Saturday afternoon (probably in part because there was no A/C), and everybody kept passing this place up in favor of Teriyaki Madness, right next door.  I think the reason for the poor business is the location...it's tucked away in the corner of a shopping center where the main attraction is a 24-Hour Fitness...obviously those types of people aren't going to get their jollies throwing away all their hard work on chicken wings.  Oh well.~coke chicken chicken 
I have never submitted a review for any place, but because of my recent experience I have signed up to write this review.  I used to LOVE this place, it quickly became my favorite place to eat over the last few months; however things quickly changed today.  There is a new cook, and a new girl taking orders at the front counter.  Me and 5 co-workers ordered 20 minutes ahead of time over the phone.  When we arrived we waited 15+ minutes before the lady acknowledged we were there.  The lady hardly spoke english at all.  Some of my friends had meat that was as close to RAW as you can get, and the food I usually get was terrible, cold, and small portions.  One of my friends with us ordered chicken wings, and they completely forgot to cook those wings and told us we needed to wait another 10 minutes to cook the wings.  No apologies for the wait or forgetting to cook some of the order, nothing friendly at all.  This should be basic customer service.  We were told the previous managers/workers were no longer with the company.  We met some other former "regulars" in the store and they were also complaining of the food and service because it was terrible.  This was by far my favorite place to eat until now, I don't plan on ever going back.  Update:  This is where terrible service gets you, this place is now CLOSED!!!~chicken 
I ordered a chicken caesar wrap and wrap as long as my arm came out. AWESOME! It better be big for the $7.95 that I paid with out fries or a drink. Customer Service was great!!  Only one suggestion, they should have more lunch specials, or specials in general that include chips/fries and a drink. Buying each item seperate can be expensive!  If you're going to take out, order over the phone first. The wait is about 10-15 mins after order.~chicken fries 
The atmosphere is a little...  cramped.  And the layout is awkward in general.  And I have to be honest the logo doesn't excite me.  But food is the important thing, so let's get to that.  Me had some Southwest Chicken Sandwich with some sweet potato fries.  And they were decadent.  And the portions were large!  I am a pretty decently sized guy and that sandwich was pretty big.  And the sweet potato fries lived up to my expectations.  I don't always give five stars, but suffice it to say, this place motivated me into writing Yelp reviews again.~chicken sandwich sweet potato 
I would have rated this a four but the customer service was outstanding. Its nice to go to a place were they make you feel like your business is truly appreciated.  I had a buffalo chicken wrap which was delicious and surprisingly massive. I think it could use a bit more buffalo sauce and then it would be perfect.  I cant speak for  the wings yet but from the other reviews, if you live on hot wings and are looking for the best wings in las Vegas, i guess their not here but if your looking for a vast selection of good food with large portions at a good price this is it.~chicken 
What an excellent cafe! It balances everything someone would want in a cafe, and quite well - you can't say the same about every cafe in Toronto, that's for sure.   It's a great place to hang out by yourself or with friends, and the hours are super - open until 9pm. The coffee is great - be sure to try their cappuccino, but the espresso and drip coffee are good too. . The baked goods are absolutely delicious, especially the scones. The staff are always hospitable and happy to chat, if they have the time. The food is quite good as well - had their schnitzel panini the other day, it was delicious.    Best part? Not a sneer in the place. That's important, given what's happening to most independent coffee shops in TO, wouldn't you say?~coffee coffee coffee 
I'm confused by this place. Wandered in one day to check it out... wha??? where am I?? Am I at Pearson? Because this coffee place feels like a coffee place in an airport. It's that boring, that drab, and has that many "pastries" that look frozen, week old, and are wrapped in cellophane. The decor is just terrible. There are TVs. Oui. And the biggest, weirdest thing? Took me awhile to figure it out.... THIS IS THE FIRST COFFEE PLACE I HAVE EVER BEEN TO THAT DIDN'T EVEN SMELL LIKE COFFEE. It was very disturbing. I wish them well, I'm glad that there is a "local" biz in this spot again, but it doesn't feel local, just plain and generic. Maybe the older people in the neighborhood will like this place? But if that's the case, why not just make it a Tim's?~coffee coffee pastries" coffee coffee. 
Went in to get a snack before a movie. Were not acknowledged by staff, but hey, it was after 9. Ordered a cheddar sandwich. Cashier took her time cashing us out and seemed kind of out of it. She finished the cash transaction, then wiped down the counter and finished what looked like cleaning the frig and area, between chatting to the other staff person. Perhaps they were bored, since the two other customers looked like they'd been there a while. The other staff person bussed tables and washed a few dishes. It was five minutes after our order that they started to make the sandwich and when we saw what it was, we wished we hadn't bothered. A large dinner roll, mild cheddar (like No Frills quality, not that I dislike No Frills but for a $7 sandwich you'd think maybe medium cheddar?) and some sun-dried tomatoes out of a cold jar. No mayo, no spice, lettuce, nothing. She very, very, slowly and methodically used a fork to get them out of the jar a strand at a time. We waited for the panini grill to heat and for her to flip the sandwich a few times so the bread got nice and tough. The staff had a warm and animated chat with each other; I was happy for them. Took 14 minutes to get a grilled cheese sandwich, and it was almost inedible. Ate a few bites of the middle, which was cold so the cheese wasn't melted at all, couldn't eat the dry bread and oily tomatoes. Should have just eaten the popcorn at the Revue. The coffee was old btw, and a bit sour. Maybe serves me right for not ordering a specialty and getting something fresh. Generally off-putting service, quality, and value. I've been told the gelato is good, so maybe I'll try that if I return. (After all, what can they do to gelato that they don't make on site?) I probably won't bother when there are so many better places on the Roncy strip. (Next time Alternative Grounds? Lit? Any suggestions?)~sandwich. sandwich sandwich lettuce, sandwich cheese sandwich 
I've been here first time yesterday.I'm happy to found Cappuccino with really foam on the top.I believed that they have it because I saw ''Italian Coffee''  on a board in front of shop's then it was. The Shop has decorated cute European taste. Separate washroom with Man&Woman. There are TV,some big table for group. Artists works on the wall. We can buy them.  I had nice talk with friendly staff.  They have fun for eyes and tasty. I feel fresh because sometimes artists works has changed when I came back.  We can watch UEFA EURO 2012 match on TV at there.~coffee'' 
I am not much of a coffee connoisseur so my 4 stars reflect the non caffeinated goodies and the beautiful patio at this local cafe.  I went there after a depressing trip to my doc and was immediately cheered by this place: the servers, the gelato and the homemade cookies.   it was the eve of the Portugal-Spain Euro'12 clash so there were lots of locals discussing the match. There was a buzz throughout the cafe.  The cashier was very cheerful and chatty, and served us very amiably. I absolutely enjoyed the homemade butter cookies  (a lady from the neighborhood makes them) with a tone of walnuts. We enjoyed the cookies so much that we bought out the rest of the cookies on our way out!  The pistachio gelato was quite good as well, though a tad over sweet. Sitting in the shaded and comfortable patio (really comfy chairs with cushions), it felt like we were far removed from the hustle bustle of TO. Props to Roncy's Bean for feeling like an oasis of calm!~coffee cookies. butter cookies cookies cookies 
The coffee here is not great and the service very indifferent. I know this place used to be a second cup and it still feels like a second cup, totally bland.~coffee 
I can definitely do a Coffee crawl along Roncesvalles and get perky from drinking coffees from all these coffee shops....  Roncy's Bean was not as busy as the Alternative Ground just south of it so I decided to order a Americano ($1.90) to stay. Price is decent when I just paid the same for a drip coffee just up the road at Starbucks. Barista is friendly, asked me to have a seat and deliver the coffee to my table.  There is also a little fireplace with armchairs at the back of the shop, great to chill out with friends and maybe my friend can watch the sport channel while I daydream?!~coffee coffee coffee coffee sport 
Last weekend, we were walking down Roncesvalles with our cute pooch when we spotted two people sitting outside of Roncy's Bean with gelato. We had planned on going to get some coffee but after asking my husband what he would rather have, it was decided that we would   Going in, I was happy to see a LOT of gluten free options. I'll have to come back again soon to try their baked goods and their coffee.   So... the gelato. Points for it being made in house.   It was good. It wasn't great... I got the hazelnut gelato, and found it to be grainy. Initially I passed it off to it being home made, but a google search seems to indicate that "freezing an unchilled mixture will result in big ice crystals and a grainy gelato".   It wasn't unpleasant, and I ate it all... I would just rather had a smooth product.   Hubby got the rum and raisin, and he liked it... but he's like Mikey, he'll eat anything (there I go showing my age again....)~coffee coffee. raisin, 
I come her for coffee, to relax, or study regularly.  Great place, very nice and friendly service.  Coffee is good, I especially like their fresh pressed juices.~coffee, coffee 
This new business is located in the former Second Cup. It opened in early December. It is in a good location, and seems to be an improvement over the previous coffee shop that was once here year's ago.  The atmosphere is alright, but the owners obviously utilized much of the former Second Cup's decor. If you are going here to write your latest masterpiece on Yelp! you may need to fully charge your batteries, as there did not appear to be an abundance of power outlets in the place.  The Americano I ordered was good, but not a good as some of the more specialized places, if that's the correct description, like Lit or Capital Cafes. next time I will try their drip coffee, which seems to be their speciality.  Good place to people watch, as it has three tables that face Roncesvalles . Good addition to the area.~coffee coffee, 
I always walk past and one day my regular places were closed so I went in. The owner was having a very loud conversation with someone at a table. I ordered a sandwich, which looked promising but tasted off. The deserts look mostly pretty stale. The space has potential, but something just seems a bit off. I'm not rushing back.~sandwich, 
I was just short of blown away by the quality of service, and the coffee. I'm surprised to see some low reviews. Had a drip, which was possibly the best coffee I've had (not an uber coffee freak, but I like a damn fine cup of coffee).  Someone I was with ordered an espresso, which I had to try. It was awesome; rich, smooth, good texture and flavour. As for their service, after about 10 mins of conversation, a man, (whom I assume to be the owner) gave us all a free round! Oh, and free WiFi.~coffee. coffee coffee coffee) 
It seems like a calculated business decision to make a MEH, drab and generic place that makes the old folk put off by the hipster places more at home. Unfortunately this means really horrific taste in decor. It feels like a place that would have been the height of contemporary fashion when 90210 went on the air. The reviewer that mentioned an airport coffee shop was dead-on. The patio, though, is rather nice.   The coffee tastes stale, weak, and sour. That's the worst part. The pastries look very uninviting, also with a costco whiff about their PERSON. All in all, you are better off at Starbucks up the street. Service is very friendly, though.~coffee coffee pastries 
The old Second Cup location, I think. It's still got that feel on the inside, much less like the new indie-coffee shops in the city (woody, long counters, and reallllly cool barristas). Americano was 2$ flat and fairly bland (using a roaster from Oakville, I believe). My favorite part was the orange juice machine you see all the time in Europe but not so much here. That orange juice was awesome.~coffee 
Malgré les affiches de prix qui ne concordent logiquement pas, une clarté inexistante lors des commandes et une attente inexplicable pour recevoir celle-ci, le résultat reste assez intéressant!  De petites ailes juteuses (hot) accompagnées d'une sauce au fromage bleu, un plaisir à s'en souiller la barbe!  Extra : Philly cheese steak en accompagnement pour les gourmands, un must.  *frites passablement mangeable  Ps. Petit conseil, prendre pour emporter. Déjà l'attente dans la salle est une expérience en soi.~cheese steak 
I love Buffalo Bills, but I've never had a meal bother me so much.  To start, I would like to clarify that I ordered delivery to an apartment. The restaurant called me to ask if it was alright if I received a chicken breast with buffalo sauce instead of their regular breaded buffalo chicken which I had no problem with, as they contacted me very soon after I ordered which I appreciated. However... The delivery driver did not even bother to buzz the apartment, but rather, called me yelling in french about how insulted he was that I only included a $1 tip (because I had placed the order through justeat.ca) and that I'm lucky he even brought me my meal in the first place. COMPLETELY oblivious to the concept that perhaps I had more change to give him once I had received my order and that MAYBE a dollar was just the beginning. I told him this over the phone that I had more and if he'd come upstairs I'd really appreciate it and he made a spitting noise on the phone. Upon greeting him at the entrance, I was met with a rant on proper tipping for the work done and he didn't even give me a moment to let him know that I had intended on tipping him more. Tired of being yelled at, I thanked him and promptly shut the door in his face. The disappointed wasn't over yet though. My meal was THROWN into the bag, not even properly packaged, my chicken burger did NOT feature buffalo sauce and was completely disheveled in it's packaging, and I received no sauce for my popcorn chicken, no condiments, and no napkins.  Upon calling the restaurant to voice my concerns I was met with a "I'll talk to his boss" and that's the last that I've heard. I'm fairly disappointed because I have high regards for Buffalo Bills normally, and this is one of the most disappointing moments that I have to face regarding food.  Will not recommend, and will not order again (from this location at least).~chicken chicken chicken burger popcorn chicken, 
Je me suis acheté une friteuse dernièrement, et je voulais voir la qualité des ailes de poulet de chez Buffalo Bill, pas loin de chez moi.  Quand j'ai goûté à ma première aile de poulet, j'étais convaincu que je donnerais pas plus qu'une étoile dans ma critique ici. Non mais, c'pas compliqué faire des ailes de poulet, pis si t'es un restaurant qui se spécialise là-dedans, messemble que la première chose qui doit être bon chez vous, c'est bien des ailes de poulet.  Non, ça ressemble aux ailes de poussin trop cuites des Cages aux Sports; mais aux moins les sauces sont meilleures chez Buffalo Bill.   Je déteste ça quand les ailes de poulet sont trop cuite, pas juteuse. C'est loin des grosses ailes de poulet juteuses de Chez Serge.  C'est ce que je fais quand je critique un restaurant; je compare avec ce que j'ai vu de mieux.   Et l'ambiance d'un resto trop éclairé, qui te fait penser que t'es chez le dentiste ou dans une clinique, je déteste ça. C'est laid, t'as pas le goût de rester là. C'est grave quand tu vois un resto pis que tu dis que le McDo pas loin à l'air d'un 3 étoiles Michelin à comparer.  Pas grave, j'habite pas loin, donc j'pensais pas passer mes vacances ici.   Mais leur sandwich Philly est plus que mangeable, je l'ai même aimé, c'est pourquoi je donne deux étoiles, pas une; mais jamais je vais remanger des ailes de poulet là-bas, j'vais les faire moi-même. ;-)~sandwich 
Best wings in town? Hell yeaaa. So saucy & juicy however the french fries are really not good .. sometimes when we order in I make my own fries at home! I think they need to kick it up a notch.~french fries 
The wings are kinda small and not the best, the fries are sometimes freshly made, sometimes run down and soggy.  But it's the sauce that transforms this meal, they coat the wings in the sauce of your choice and then place them on said fries. MAGIC  Their subs and burgers are well priced and you can really stuff your face for under $10.  I've seen them in action on Super Bowl Sunday, they were running around with no sense of direction and the delivery driver was lost and kept calling back.  What I don't understand is they moved from their location on Beaumont, but  decided to rebuild the same sad and pathetic decor and furniture they had from before.  I've rarely seen people stay there and eat, so maybe if they renovated, people would actually eat in. Just take it to go, Summer is great since it's real close to Jarry Park~fries fries. burgers 
Greggs is one of the big bakery chains in Edinburgh.   Things going for this particular store: -central -cheap food (with good meal deals) -fast service  This not so good: - bad location in front of a busy bus stop - It's quite small for the flow of business it receives and ques at lunch time (all the way outside!) - rude service (although quite understandable with the variety of often rude clientele) - There are other more interesting sandwich places quite close by.   These basically some up my points. It's ideal if you are hungry and need a snack immediately then head here for something warm and satisfying. The cupcakes are fairly decent as well.~sandwich cupcakes 
This is a great Gregg's location.   I've stopped in many times, usually in the morning right when they open. I have to say that first off, the staff here is quite nice. I like them. They are friendly and that makes a big difference in the morning when you are just starting your day. They handle big queues better than a lot of places in town. The line move quickly and they work to get everyone on their way happily.   One thing to note: this location has a lot of "little old ladies" that stop in for coffee in the morning (probably longer than I've been alive) and there appears to be many other "regulars" here. That is something usually only good service can bring about. So I do trust this location for that reason. Same people every morning stop in.   I like their doughnuts, sausage rolls, steak and cheese rolls, and even their pizzas. It is almost always fresh when I order and the prices are unbeatable. Seriously. No one even comes close to their prices. They have great sandwich deals as well, with a drink for well under £5.00.   I like this Gregg's location and plan on being back. Probably in the morning.~coffee doughnuts, sausage steak cheese sandwich 
Woahhhh the cheapness of Greggs sends me in to a frenzy!  In the beginning of my stay in Edinburgh, I expected the quality to be sub-par, because how else can one explain a sausage role for £0.58! It's crazy that one can buy a sizeable snack at Greggs even if all you have in your pocket is a little jingle jingle..  Apart from the sausage rolls, which are pretty awesome, I'm a big fan of the cheese and onion pasty, as well as the ham and cheese bake. I can't count the number of times I've snuck a Gregg's pastry into the school library. Then there's the sweet counter, with lots of cupcakes and muffins!   Greggs is about 70 years old, and is a chain bakery, with several outlets in Edinburgh. The only issue I have is that as busy as they are, the shops are quite small with lines sometimes extending to the door! However, service is extremely quick, albeit impersonal.   For what they sell, and at the price they do, I'm definitely a grateful fan.~sausage sausage cheese onion cheese cupcakes 
This is one of the better Greggs locations that I've been to. It's reasonably large, with some seats so you don't have to take the food away. The selection is good- baguettes, bacon rolls, steak and chicken bakes, etc. etc. There are also loads of sweet treats such as doughnuts and eclairs. I really like Greggs for the selection it provides. On top of this, the prices are excellent, so you're guaranteed a good value breakfast or lunch. There are deals such as bacon roll and coffee for £2, a perfect start to the day.  One thing I will say though, is that the food is sometimes cold if it's been out a long time. I've been disappointed by tepid chicken bakes a few times, and I really dislike this. However, it's not happened a lot, so I will be back in the future nonetheless.~bacon steak chicken doughnuts bacon coffee chicken 
Oh Greggs. I owe you one.  I've lost count of the amount of times this place has sorted me out. It's hangover food essentially, but damn good hangover food!! They have brilliant sandwiches that are all made fresh daily, and their cakes are yummy. Their sausage rolls are what save my life.  This place is almost always full of students, looking for their fix. It's always busy, and the staff are lovely. You can't really go wrong with Greggs.~sausage 
I have always been a huge fan of Gregg's Mexican chicken oval bite, I did go off Greggs all together a while ago but my cravings for the oval bites are back with a vengence and I've been getting them for lunch every other day the past couple of weeks. At £1.90 they're very reasonable and surprisingly filling even though they're not that much too look at.   This branch is well stocked and has a good selection of cakes too, I got a super tasty Empire Biscuit the other week and the icing was super moist, yum!  Typical Greggs I guess but this one has a good selection and the staff are friendly too.~chicken 
I've been quite a harsh critic of Greggs in my previous reviews of some of their Glasgow branches. For the most part, I stick by my opinions that the staff are generally hostile, the food revolting, and that the continued success of the company will result in shorter lives for us all.  In a dramatic twist of fate though, this particular branch has provided me with a few pleasant surprises. I once managed to get a morning roll with proper crispy bacon, and their new cake, the maple pecan slice is approximately one hundred times tastier than anything else I've ever eaten from here.  Perhaps most shockingly of all, the staff were actually quite friendly and cheerful, despite their obvious feelings of misery. Good work Greggs.~bacon, cake, 
Have many of the usual range of greggs goodies but qre missing the corned beef pastie. No idea why they dont do the corned beef, but it is sorely missed. the counter is usually well stocked with the rest of the range and fresh rolls are always appearing. As usual, as in all greggs they have not figured out how to offer hot food thoughout the day, but if you are used to this, it is a decent greggs. Staff are efficient and always seem to serve promptly in this busy store~beef beef, 
It's not a Speedway, so I can't go 5. But they are a great stop with very friendly staff. While I'm not always thrilled with the quality if the baked things(why are the donuts never quite as consistently good as the cookies?), the coffee is always spot on.   And, to the other reviewer, it's not lame to review a gas station. Tag everything. People listen.~cookies? coffee 
Okay so it may be lame to review a gas station but this place is really great.  The people here are unusually friendly and they have a great coffee selection.  I will sometimes stretch out my gas so I can fill up here.~coffee 
Great coffee. I stop here several times a week for my morning coffee. I bring my own insulated cup and it saves allot of money. I pay .83 cents for a refill. It's cheaper and saves time letting them make my coffee every morning.~coffee. coffee. coffee 
The odds of winning the Powerball are one in 175 million to one in 292 million. The odds in feeling like you won the Powerball are zilch when you escape to the Hualapai Canyon Trail. Walking on the 0.8 mile Hualapai Canyon Trail takes you to an ethereal place physically and mentally that money can't buy.       The Hualapai Canyon Park is located in the shadows of the TPC Golf Course on the rolling hills of Summerlin, Las Vegas, Nevada between the mesmerizing Spring Mountains and Las Vegas Strip. The trailhead sits off a relatively new parking lot connected to Hualapai Way between Alta Drive and Town Center Drive.        Vegas is Sun City. The endless sunshine creates a hormone called serotonin. This boosts a person's mood and encourages a state of being happy, calm, and focused. Add to the sunshine the celestial gardens and open spaces, and the sum is a priceless hour in the park.         This past Saturday, on one of the first Saturdays of 2016; I visited Hualapai Canyon Park. Because the park is relatively small and I drove across the Valley, I would hike it as a prequel to Peccole Ranch Walking Trail. The neat thing about Hualapai Canyon Park is that it is close by to many of the Summerlin trails including Peccole Ranch, Cottonwood Canyon, and Angel Park Trail. You can make a day out of exploring it with its sister trails.       In recent times, the City of Las Vegas built a small parking lot at the trailhead. I wanted to mention this because a major flaw when the park opened in 2010 was a scarcity of parking. However, when I visited I parked in back of the professional building at the northeast corner of Hualapai and Alta. From there I walked a relatively short distance along the east side of Hualapai Way to the trailhead. This extended walk gave me a perspective Vista of the landscape that blends in with the TPC land to create a large expanse of open space in the City.       My first impression was that this is a clean park. The city takes vandalism and graffiti seriously. Near the map of the park, the City has a sign stating to call the Marshalls at 702-229-6444 if you see graffiti. I am glad to report that I saw zilch.      The layout of the 0.8 mile trail is the shape of a skinny oval that travels west to east in a xeriscape of desert gardens bordered by Hualapai Way to the west, TPC open space to the south and east, and homes to the north. Street lamps are interspersed with compass barrel cacti, teddy bear cholla cacti, Yucca trees, cacti, and desert plants. The landscape blends in with the distant views of the Spring Mountains. If I was unfamiliar with Summerlin, I might think that Mount Charleston was across Hualapai Way. Excluded from the park is a canyon. The park name came into existence from a naming suggestion contest. When you progress along the trail every 1/10 a mile there are concrete animal tracks. Speaking of animals I did catch a jack rabbit and desert mice. There are a sundry of benches to sit and absorb the scenery. My favorite benches were at the easternmost periphery overlooking the TPC land extending toward the Suncoast and Queenridge. In the future I could be looking at a freshly laid out Angel Park Trail extension connecting Hualapai Canyon Park to the tapestry of the Summerlin trail system. I couldn't get too comfortable where I would fall asleep on a bench. All the benches feature a divider. It is my understanding that this is to discourage the homeless. To make the most out of the park, I hiked the trail from both directions.      Vegas is Sun City. Although it currently doesn't have the Powerball with a chance to become a billionaire; it has sunny places such as the Hualapai Canyon Park Trail that will make you happier than a billionaire when you take in the serotonin of the sun while following a windy white road through an ethereal oasis.~white 
Pleasantly surprised to find this hotel restaurant!  We're were a group of 4 women staying at the hotel.  3 of us had different dinners.  Two salmon entrees with mashed potatoes, strip steak entree and a vodka pasta. The 4 of us are from different parts of the country and from major cities.  We all agreed ours dinners were very tasty. All entrees came with a salad.  All entrees were reasonably priced.  All were very satisfied with our dinners.  The waitress was attentive.  I would recommend the restaurant.  We also ate breakfast choices from the menu.  Again all breakfast choices were just fine.  Waitstaff very pleasant.~salmon potatoes, steak pasta. salad. 
Never ever heard this in a restaurant before.   I'm sorry, but were out of mashed potatoes.  Had the French onion soup starter. It was Campbell's soup with a slice of American cheese on it.   Hey wait... Potatoes showed up. Undercooked....~potatoes. onion cheese 
I was stuck here for an event the lobby was very nice, bar looked good so we ordered drinks and asked about appetizer menu -downhill from here.  We had to take our drinks & cross an imaginary line into the restaurant.  Had to request menus, finally got to order over 20minute wait for chips, dip & onion rings. The chips were stale & the onion strings meant for dipping were crumbs.  Later our friends joined us 35 minute wait for sandwich & fish & chips, when we complained nothing! This place is horrible don't waste your money poor service, lousy food & management doesn't care.  My advice stop at the bar but don't cross the line!~chips, onion rings. chips onion sandwich & chips, 
Awful breakfast buffet.  I expected more from a Holiday inn restaurant.   Cold powdered eggs, cold bacon and nasty sausage and biscuits.  Coffee was good.....  server was excellent.   Its not like they don't have a kitchen.   Why are they microwaving powdered eggs?  I stay at a lot of IHG hotels and this was worse than a a Holiday inn express meal..... but the same type.~bacon sausage coffee 
I'm a huge FROYO fan and was surprised to find this place inside the mall. It's right next to the food court.  It's a self-serve froyo joint with over 20 different toppings. The fruit is fresh and they have POPPING BOBA balls  in their toppings section too (Strawberry & Mango flavors). The mochi wasn't the best (had a slightly harder consistency than I'm used to but didn't taste stale, so I wasn't completely disappointed).  The original tart was a bit icier than Pinkberry's froyo but overall wasn't bad. They have the typical flavors from like chocolate, vanilla, some fancy peanut butter and seasonal pumpkin, but also serve non-dairy flavors too.  The toppings bar was very clean and all containers were fully stacked.~mango butter pumpkin, 
I have not had frozen yogurt after McD's replaced soft serve ice cream with frozen yogurt.  OK, so a freaking long time.  So, I was a little bit not sure when our group wanted frozen yogurt.  I saw all the choices for frozen yogurt and starting to imagine the possibilities and then I saw all the toppings.  OMG!    Got the oatmeal cookie and vanilla frozen yogurt.  Toppings - mochi mini-balls, snow caps & dark chocolate chips.  Love it!  The oatmeal cookie was SO SO GOOD.    There are over a dozen selection of frozen yogurt and over 70 toppings.  WOW!  Everything is clean and fresh.  I am hooked now.~frozen yogurt ice cream frozen yogurt. frozen yogurt. frozen yogurt frozen yogurt. chips. frozen yogurt 
The froyo is only 90% as amazing as at the Yogurtland across the street but:  1. 90% as amazing as Yogurtland is still amazing.  2. The place is in the food court at Fashion Square, so it's excellent for soothing shattered nerves and a wounded spirit.  3. It has fixings for making a sort of brownie sundae with various cookies on the bottom of the yogurt cup, if you like that sort of thing.  4. Gingerbread froyo was not immediately banished after Christmas, and gingerbread froyo is a good thing.  5. The staff is relentlessly cheerful.  6. Some store's free wifi reaches to the tables out front, so you can geek out with a cup of froyo and pretend you're not stuck in a terrifyingly large shopping mall full of roving gangs of teens, tourists, and trophy wives.~cookies 
l LOVE this location and co. Several of us had a sweet treat after dinner at Cold Beers & Burgers down the street. It was my first time here and OMygooodness it was fabulous!!! If you enjoy frozen yogurt this place is a must. It's decored perfectly, it's very clean, there's a lot of various flavors you can sample! I loved the blackberry and original tart. It was extra special to have the coupon for buy one, get one. This place is extremely busy, super packed and well worth the wait. The staff here is great and came outside to where we enjoyed our froyo and asked if we were done to toss it out for us, unusual since I've never seen this and it didn't go unnoticed, a nice feature. Thank you Yogurtland and our friends Amy and Jon!!!~burgers frozen yogurt 
I LOVE frozen yogurt. I'm not a huge ice cream fan, but I could eat yogurt round the clock. I love the tart flavor and the guiltless enjoyment of this less unhealthy treat. So I wasn't all too surprised when I gravitated toward Yogurtology's beautifully modern store front at the Fashion Square Mall.   I walked into the tidy little operation and was warmly welcomed by a greeter and instructed to sample all the flavors my heart desired... and that I did. The yogurt and toppings (a veritable buffet of choices) are all self-serve. Of course, they're hoping you're eyes will be bigger than your stomach. It's brilliant!  I decided on a delicious mix of chocolate and vanilla covered in a sliced strawberries. blueberries and granola.  That's my go-to concoction. Once you complete your cup just the way you like it, you take it to the register to be weighed. I think mine costed about $3. Not bad for dessert just the way you like it.~frozen yogurt. ice cream 
I have always had a good experience at Yogurtology, and this location does not disappoint.   I usually go up to the location up at Shea and Scottsdale, but this one recently opened, and it was closer to my house, so why not?  The topping selection is just as good as the other locations, and the yogurt flavors are on par with Shea. I really like Pink Grapefruit and of course Oatmeal Cookie.  The only thing that sucks about this location is that it is inside the mall. Great if you are shopping, but sucks if you only want yogurt.~grapefruit 
I got a 2 for 1 coupon from the concierge at Fashion Square so we thought that we would grab a cup of their tasty fro-yo.    I had had some of the Oatmeal Cookie at a different location a few days earlier and wanted a repeat performance but decided to change it up with Peanut Butter as my second flavor. Loads of topping options but I selected a little toasted coconut for the Oatmeal Cookie side and crushed peanuts for the Peanut Butter side. Definitely a winning combination! There are complimentary sauces at the cash register for you to use too (hot fudge, caramel and salted caramel) if you are so inclined.  When I presented my coupon they looked like they had never seen one before despite the fact that the concierge is literally right outside their front door no more than 25 feet away. After a little convincing that I don't manufacture bogus coupons to scam fro-yo shops they accepted the coupon and we went on our merry way.~butter coconut butter caramel caramel) 
What impressed me was the toppings at this place. They had the mango, peach, blue berry and apple boba bubbles. I just happened to love boba bubbles. The other yogurt place only have mango. The flavors are pretty much the same as the other yogurt places like Zoyo and Mojo and etc. Except for Yogurtland because Yogurtland have like 15 flavors in stock at all times with new seasonal flavors every month.  The place was clean however, the sample cups are not easily accessible. You have to ask the clerk and the clerk goes and pours a sample for you. It felt a little stingy for a place that is supposed to be fancy and all. But whatever, I just used the same sample cup to try other flavors.  So if you are in Fashion Square and in the mood for Yogurt, this place is the place to go. Actually, I think this is the only yogurt place in the mall. Unless you want to walk across the street. There's a Yogurtland on the NE corner of Scottsdale and Camelback. :)~mango, peach, apple mango. 
Ah-friggin'-mazing yogurt!  My fro-yo pet peeve is when the yogurt tastes sickly sweet.  The Pink Grapefruit Tart flavor was actually tart, with the perfect amount of pink grapefruity sweetness.  They have an incredible topping selection too.  White chocolate Kit Kats, baklava, dark chocolate raspberry cups...whaaaa?  The fruit toppings are fresh, too.  45 cents/ounce.  Bring this chain to New York!~grapefruit white 
- A little pricy, I felt like there was nothing in my cup and it came out to be 2.38 or something, I felt like it should have been less than $2 but that's how much it cost! I looked down in my cup and up at the price, and it just didn't make sense to me.   +Tart flavors available for froyo (yay! I recommend the pomegranate tart, it's like sorbet and it's very refreshing - Delish!)  +Lady at the counter was helpful and nice when I asked about flavors  -/+ Lots of toppings but only one type of mochi (I want more mochi flavors besides the boring plain doughy one - Booo)  - The mango I tried was just okay.... it wasn't very sweet or soft. Not very good but edible.  +Strawberry boba is different and blasted with flavor. I bite into it and I feel the juice squeeze out of the little boba and splatter everywhere in my mouth. It's like love at first sight. I like this strawberry boba! (Although when I think of boba, I think is a the black boba in milk ice tea but same difference right?)  -Reminds me of self-serve froyo places at home and the only thing unique about this place in my opinion is the strawberry boba but other than that, I feel like it's nothing spectacular but it's good overall if you're craving froyo (sweet or tart) at your mall!~pomegranate mango milk tea 
Ever since I was a food judge at the Culinary Festival and tasted the frozen yogurt from Yogurtology, I've been waiting for the day they opened a location in Old Town. Now that they have, what do I have to say? "The snosberries taste like snosberries!" Yes, I definitely felt like I was acting out a scene from Super Troopers when I ate this frozen yogurt. Why? Because the yogurt here actually tastes exactly like the flavor they claim it is. I'm not talking about these flavors tasting like the "frozen yogurt version" of the flavor, I'm talking about the "close your eyes and you would never know the different from the real thing" frozen yogurt flavors.   As I describe the following tastes, I note a disclaimer: It reads silly that I say the flavor tastes like the flavor, but just go and taste this fro yo yourself and you'll see what I'm talking about.   The oatmeal cookie tastes like you're biting into a cookie. Not frozen yogurt, an actual cookie.   The peanut butter tastes like you took a spoonful of peanut butter and put it in your mouth.   The rootbeer tastes like you took a sip of rootbeer from a straw.   You get the picture.   In addition, the toppings here are some of the most massive ones I've seen anywhere...and I have seen my fair share! They have full twix bars, chunks of Snickers, S'mores size marshmallows, jumbo gumballs, sour gummy straws ... the list goes on and on and on!~frozen yogurt frozen yogurt. frozen yogurt frozen yogurt frozen yogurt, butter butter 
I was looking forward to trying this place and it was my second to last stop after a long day of meetings in the NH area.  First of all I understand I'm in the suburbs, but must everything be located in a strip mall anymore.  Is there no room for a stand alone building with a little charm/ambiance.  Anyways, they actually do a very good job with the space they occupy in this strip mall.  It has very high ceilings a beautiful marble bar, multiple fireplaces.  There is plenty of seating at hi-tops and other tables and a few hidden corners tucked away for a llittle more privacy.  There are also a few couches scattered about.  They have a stage and live music on the weekends The service was very good.  I was surprised to see my old pal' Charlie was working here.  He is an alum' of the Grandview/Coal Hill steakhouse in Mt. Washington.  The wine selection is very good (as it should be) with probably 30-40 options by the glass with plenty under $10 options.  However, one small complaint is that many of the what I consider average wines are $12, $14 +.  In my opinion, you should be able to get a decent wine for less than $10/glass.  Now, the main reason this place is receiving a les than 3 star or "A OK" review is the food was not good at all.This is particularly disconcerning because what I ordered for us was relatively simple basic stuff.  I ordered the cheese plate, Pepper crusted seared tuna, and hummus.  The cheese plate was of decent quality, but served ice cold with no explanation of the variety.  It was also served with this ice cold stale bread and it could have benefited from a little charcuterie.  The hummus was also served with this tasteless tabouleh (I'd guess) and was again ice cold with a sour flavor to it and covered in some type of oil.  Finally, the tuna was for me inedible.  It looked really nice but tasted really bad.  I may be back again when I'm in the area, because again my buddy's the bartender and I like live music, but I think I'll have to hit the sheetz across the street for a sandwich prior.~cheese tuna, cheese tuna sandwich 
When d'vine first opened as a wine bar, I liked the atmosphere and wine, and appreciated having something cool (non-chain) and different in the north suburbs.  However, the wine bar concept didn't last and now it seems like any other sports bar, albeit it one with upscale decor.  Last time I went, the whole experience was really disappointing.  I had a pizza which tasted freezer burned...really not good at all.  Several of the staff had called in sick so the poor waitress was working her tail off to take care of everyone, but just couldn't do it all on her own.  It is too bad that Wexford couldn't support the original d'vine.~pizza 
D'vine Wine Bar and Lounge hasn't exactly figured out what type of restaurant it wants to be.  The name feels entirely separate from the ambience and events inside, and the decor is totally different from of all of these.   The menu verges on sophistication like the name would imply, but the acoustics inside make for a very noisy dining experience.  The offers of cheap well drinks and nightly live bands seem like they would fit in better at another place entirely, and the flashing blue and green lights behind and under the bar and the hair band posters all over the wall certainly take the class level down a notch.  The wine list is extensive as it should be, and the house-made sangria is very good- and I don't take my sangria lightly!  Our service at a Friday night dinner was great and thorough, although our waitress wasn't entirely knowledgeable about the menu.  My group had a variety of salads, appetizers and main dishes.  Overall, the house salad was good, the zucchini noodles were interesting but average, the crispy ricotta gnocchi were awesome, and the diver scallops and couscous were tasty and filling.    The Wexford area does have a need for a wine bar/lounge.  I think if D'vine gets through some growing pains and really focuses on branding itself as just one type of restaurant instead of trying to be all things to all people, it has the potential to be really good, especially considering the friendly service and tasty food.~salads, appetizers salad zucchini couscous 
As I was exploring Toronto, I kept seeing Tim Horton's all over the place and I was curious to learn more about Tim Horton, so I asked the front desk staff about it and apparently this Canadian grown business is a treasure to them, so I had to check one out (apparently they are in the US as well but to my knowledge none are in CA.) Since  I was stuck in a hotel near an airport and didn't have time to venture to downtown with traffic, especially Friday traffic and make it back to the hotel for my meeting so my friend and I decided to do some exploring near our hotel.  Sadly, I missed breakfast meal and the sandwiches weren't appealing enough to try. But for whatever reason I got a tomato soup with wheat pasta with sour cream glazed donut combo. The donut was good but the soup just okay.  Then also got some cookies, the chocolate chip was okay but the White Chocolate Macadamia Nut didn't really do anything for me and it was too hard. I also got a Fruit Explosion muffin as an in case of emergency, if the hotel food sucked and the muffin was good the hotel food not good. My friend got the 40 assortment Timbits, which were pretty good and not overtly sweet, my favorite was the Apple Fritter. Something to check out if you're in Canada. And Canada is really green they had 3 different ways to throw away your items. Come on America, let's catch up.~tomato wheat pasta sour cream cookies, white apple 
A little slow today because i think both cashiers were new. . But great service! I always get my breakfast sandwich with no cheese, and the staff offered me an extra sausage pattie at no charge! Definitely made my morning!~sandwich cheese, sausage 
Great food at reasonable prices always fresh and nice employees. The General Tso Chicken  or the pork in garlic sauce are at the top for me.~chicken pork garlic 
Good food, fair price. It looks empty but its because most people take out. When we sat down at least 7 people took food to go and enough for a family. The food tastes good. My wife and I really liked the white rice. Next time will try the chicken wings, lots of people order those.~white chicken 
Pretty good food for the area . The chicken wing are ginormous got 4 next time order 3 instead . Seems empty most of the time . But food is made fresh 15 min wait the norm . Try it for your self~chicken 
I LOVE Chinese food and have eaten at many a Chinese restaurant in my time.... This by far is the WORST! Rice was over cooked and chicken did not taste nor "chew" like chicken. Yuck!~chicken chicken. 
Ordered the same thing I always get and it was horrible. Soaked in greese, rubbery,chicken. I could even see burnt pieces of something from the wok. Not eating here again for a while.~chicken. 
Food was bland and over cooked.  Fried rice had no vegetables in it and meat was tough.  We will not try again.~fried rice 
My measuring stick for Chinese-American restaurants are either S/S chicken or crab rangoon. My wife's is Rangoon and orange chicken. We have eaten here several times and never have we been disappointed! The rangoon has great flavor, not just cream cheese and onion powder. The S/S sauce is JUST RIGHT which is hard to find and the chicken is really good with zero bones/cartilage pieces. My wife always enjoy the food she orders.   Why not 5 stars? The place itself needs a LITTLE work and they could use one more employee to cut the long carryout wait time. I respect the hustle as only husband, wife and son are the ones running the place but one more cook or a cashier can't hurt and could speed up the wait.   Overall, after eating from other similar spots along MH2 (Mt Holly Huntersville Rd), this one and Red Bowl are the only ones thatv still have menus in our house....  Highly recommend!~chicken chicken. cheese onion chicken 
I was raised in a town of 400, so most of my field trips involved going to some manure-filled animal farm, which usually ended in me puking into my mitten and spreading the vomit along the wall.  Now that I've moved to the city and my sense of smell has gotten less sensitive (and my public puking behaviour, more refined), I pine for an escape every now and then.   Riverdale Farm is a jewel. Whenever I'm up for a long, wandering, introspective photo walk, I make my way over there. My favourite times to go are the spring and fall, especially during the weekday when it's less busy.   It's not really a large farm, but it does have a couple of each animal, and there are a lot of "speak to the feeders" sessions over the weekends. Great country experience in the city, and close to Cabbagetown for a post-farm coffee.  And bonus? Not once have I puked there. Riverdale is safe!~coffee. 
A cute little farm right in the city! I came here for the first time recently, which is proof that no matter how long you live in Toronto there are always new things to discover. It's free to go in (but donations are welcome) and look at the farm and animals -- everything from pigs, chickens, sheep, a pony, and my favourite - baby goats! So cute. Obviously this place is popular with kids and there were lots of families. There are some discovery walks passing through here. One of them takes you to a quiet pond and another path goes to a bridge over the DVP which takes you to Riverdale Park East -- also highly recommended!   I'd recommend the farm to anyone looking for something off-beat to do in Toronto. It's also a good place to combine with wandering around the Cabbagetown neighbourhood. Lots of good places to stop for a drink or snack (e.g. Cafune, It's Jenny cafe, Jet Fuel, Omi, Kingyo, Gourmet Burger Co.).~burger 
I took off one star only because other people's children are everywhere. And loud. And I just want to visit the chickens in peace.  Otherwise this place would get five out of five for me, mostly because I like that sassy mini rooster who struts around with his harem of hens, all of whom are three times his size--go rooster!  Also, whoever does the gardening for Riverdale Farm does a bang-up job. Last summer, they had some of the most beautiful lettuce I'd ever seen. Beautiful lettuce! Who would have thought.~lettuce lettuce! 
Scoring drugs in Regent Park always went smoothly when I went there years back, excellent service & a quality product is how they (the gangbangers) Operated, and thusly, conducted themselves like gentleman. Those days are long gone. I decided to hit the drugs hard, as my car won't start if I fail the breathalyzer, but for some strange reason, the device fails to notice Cocaine? Manufacturing flaw maybe? Anywho, I start wandering around the old spots & somthing dawns on me, the business savvy gangbangers have been replaced by bearded suspender laden hipsters, riding around on vintage Schwinns. I think to myself "where in the hell am i going to get my fix now?" Suddenly I notice a guy who looks like he might be the neighborhood dealer (based solely on the fact he was wearing a Hamilton Tigercats jersey) So I approach him "got that booger sugar fam?" He pulls out a walkie & says "move in" immediately cops are coming at me from both sides like Velociraptors. I ran, but knew I had 0 chance, so I grabbed the 1st hipster in arms reach by his suspenders and yanked him off his Schwinn "so long coppers" I said as i pedaled away. got a block and 1/2 away when i seen a bike cop gaining on me, i attempt to switch gears, but it only had one. I ditched the bike and started on foot. With only seconds to spare i took refuge in the Riverdale Farm, scored my drugs from one of their patrons, and spent the rest of the afternoon freebasing coke with the swans. Highly recommend this farm.~coke 
My Beau and I had date night Saturday evening and couldn't figure out where to go that we haven't been.  It is Madison after all.  Enter George's Chop House in Middleton - it's attached to the Holiday Inn Hotel & Water Park.  I'm not really a steak person and the lady on the phone stated they had a little of everything to taste so...  I got the shrimp cocktail as an appetizer (the sauce was quite thick and it tasted as if from a jar.) The entree I ordered was spaghetti and meatballs. How can you mess this up?  Someone found a way; the noodles & sauce had NO FLAVOR what so ever.  The meatballs were tasty; I looked across the table at my honey & he was like what's wrong and all I could think about was what hot sauce or concoction of toppings at home I had that would breathe life into this dead pasta.  The 2 Goose appletini's I had seemed to deaden my disappointment although not entirely.  He had the scallops through the recommendation of Trey, our waiter.  My beau said it was very good, but his veggies and smashed potatoes were cold in the middle.  Classic, un-classy heat-n-eat method...  He had a Pinot Grigio.  Oh, our salads that we got before the meal were fresh, clean & crisp.  Nice.  Damage?  $77.91; it's early, we're disappointed and we know just what to do; on to Maduro's!  Although the Maître d', Hostess, and waiter were all very nice; I doubt we will return.  If we do I will go ahead & try a steak since that is what they are know for - maybe they had an off night.  We'll see.~date steak shrimp spaghetti honey & pasta. salads steak 
Had a great dinner with the wife and kids after some fun in the waterpark. George's is attached to the Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites and we decided to eat there as we were staying at the hotel for a little R&R with the kids.  Both entrees were very good (I had the Salmon and she had the portobella stuffed ravioli) but the real kicker is that Kid's eat free and they treat them right!  great kid's menu, their entrees came out FAST and included apple sauce and an ice cream bar for dessert.    Slick as Mud. Loved it!~salmon apple ice cream 
Decent breakfast choices, but I've had a lot better.   My teammates and I met here for lunch today pretty much because of the location. I ordered the western omelet. It was good, but they didn't have the kind of cheese I like--so that sort of ruined it for me. The hashbrowns were actually my favorite part--shredded, perfectly pan fried, awesome. The rye toast was under toasted in my opinion.   I'm doubtful I'd ever try anything here besides breakfast.   The ladies who work here are super-nice. I loved that our server wore her "proud grandma" sticker with a smile. She gave us the perfect amount of time between check-ins, sugary sweet!~cheese rye 
Had breakfast at this location. I was everything but impressed. I eat out for breakfast on a daily basis and I'm constantly looking for new places. This is not a place I would visit again.  They couldn't manage to get bacon right.. The server brought me another plate of bacon after I told her how chewy the first plate was. They simply dropped some pre cooked bacon in a deep fryer for a minute and brought it out. That is not the way to cook bacon. It's bacon......... It's disgusting when it's pre cooked, refrigerated then cooked again in a deep fryer... Bacon produced a lot of grease on its on. You can't cook it in a deep fryer with oil and expect it to be tasty and have a good texture.  I'm always going to be a fan of locally owned and operated diners. It's the best way to go for breakfast it seems.~bacon bacon bacon bacon. bacon......... bacon 
The ambiance in this restaurant is casual and laid back, which my kids truly appreciate.  So I'm giving them one star for the ambiance.    Our group ordered steak (medium well) and eggs, hamburger and fries, breaskfast sandwich with hash browns, and the chorizo skillet.  Everyonce was happy with the food despite the over cooked steak.  I'm giving them a star for their food because it beats a breakfast at Denny's or IHOP anytime.    The worst thing about this place is the service.  It's very slow!!!  Just to give you an idea, it took more than 15 minutes in order for our drinks to arrive.  The food took over 40 minutes.  The staff that served us was not friendly or warm and did not even apologize for their slowness.  If this place wants to survive they have to train their staff on customer service 101.~steak ( fries, sandwich steak. 
Good food, I had the spinich mushroom omelette which was excellent. One less star because of noise which was loud. Radio speaker was next to our booth and much too loud, but was eventually turned down. Place was clean and service was pretty good. Kind of surprised at the negative reviews as our experience was good and we will return.~mushroom 
Fast service and great food. I was here on a Thursday am. It got quite busy by 9:30. My friend had a scrambler and had them put the potatoes in her scrambler. The cheese in it was good. The cracked wheat toast was delicious. I had two pancakes and couldn't eat but about half of them.The pancakes are a homemade recipe, and they were delicious. I am a pancake snob, so I hope I'm giving good advice.  Also, the syrup came in a container where it was warmed up.my friend and I both would come back here again! The prices were very reasonable, too.~cheese cracked wheat 
Visited on Tuesday morning around 9:30 am.  The restaurant was not crowded at all.  Service was fast, friendly and efficient.  Had a Wild Western omelette and a mini sausage and cheese omelette.  Both were hot, fresh and delicious.  Both were served with hash browns, which were serviceable.  Toast and biscuit served on the side were fine as well.  They are not breaking any new ground here, but it is a nice, clean and relatively inexpensive breakfast spot.  I'll definitely be back.~sausage cheese 
This location just recently opened in a strip mall near our house. We're always in search of great breakfast options, and unfortunately this is NOT one of them.  We went this (Saturday) morning around 7am. The place was deserted, except for a couple and one single diner. I ordered the Classic (eggs, bacon, potatoes, pancakes- no butter), my husband the American (eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast - no butter), and an extra plate for our picky 2 year old. Food came and the bacon was undercooked, mine had huge strips of white unrendered fat on them (gross!), my husbands over medium eggs had one popped yolk, and one undercooked with slimy egg whites (double gross!), the hash browns were dripping in grease, and both items requested without butter came with it.   The hostess, who brought our food, informed us that the waitress had buttered the toast and was making another, and the pancakes were on their way. No extra plate. Waited about 4 minutes for the pancakes (brought again by hostess), and had to ask again for a plate for my kiddo. Toast comes a couple of minutes later, and we tell the waitress the problems with our meal. She says she'll discuss it with her manager, because at this point I've eaten all my eggs, my kid is done, and I don't want to wait for them to refire half the meal. Waitress comes back after 10 minutes in the back, never sent a manager to see us, and drops off our check, which has been discounted $3 for our troubles. Overall, very poor service and food. We will not be returning.~bacon, potatoes, butter) bacon, butter) bacon white egg butter pancakes pancakes ( 
We've been to the new Scrambler Marie's in North Olmsted twice thus far.  The place reminds me of 'First Watch', and it is on the same excellent level as them quality-wise, and price-wise.  SM's is a very nice place to have a real, hearty breakfast (or lunch), the food tastes great, and the portions are huge (the pancakes are the size of a medium sized frisbee!).  The staff is friendly and competent too, and the rest rooms clean (big plus).  The coffee was a bit bitter and 'off tasting' the first time we went, but much smoother tasting and much improved the second time.  Since I go out to breakfast almost every day, I like to 'mix it up' a bit -- one day I go to a bagel joint, the next day Panera's, the next a diner / family restaurant, and at least twice a week, places like First Watch or Scrambler Marie's.  SM is a welcome addition to the North Olmsted community, and a really inviting place to have one's morning grub!  UPDATE February 2015:  We went back recently, and it was the PERFECT breakfast experience!  Their pancakes and omelettes are literally HUGE, so I ordered the 'mini' veggie & cheese omelette (I think made with 2 or 3 eggs instead of 4).  My wife ordered cinnamon raisin pancakes.  Everything was perfect!  And the coffee was amazing!  Smooth, flavorful, and not harsh at all.  They must have 'fine tuned' the coffee to the point where it is ideal now.  The servers are nice and pleasant as well.  Weekdays are not nearly as crowded as on the weekends, where you will often encounter a waiting period.  North Olmsted needed more diner & family restaurant type breakfast places, and now we have a great one!  Way to go Scramber Marie's!  Lastly, the music they were playing was ideal!  Mostly softer, classic rock/pop.... perfect!  We will return many many times.~pancakes coffee pancakes cheese raisin pancakes. coffee coffee 
I can be found here on a regular basis due to this CVS's convenient location in relation to my routine and schedule. It's not the biggest CVS out there, but it has most of the things I really need to get some quick errands done. From shampoo and face wash, to makeup and nail polish, to a few frozen meals milk (so long as you're not looking for organic or anything like that), a lot of my weekly/monthly necessities can be found here. Plus there are the various holiday cards, notebooks and basic office supplies, and even some decent gift cards that have helped me out in a pinch when I forgot to birthday shop. And of course there's the photo printing services (which are great and well priced in my opinion) and the pharmacy, which I've never had a problem with. The staff there have always given me good advice and ensured I didn't take unnecessary medication that could do more harm than good - which is much appreciated, as you can imagine!  So why do I think the place is just "a-ok"? Honestly, in addition to the store being a tad small (which especially noticeable in the parking lot on a busy day...), I've also experienced the issue another reviewer mentioned where sometimes you walk up front and no one is there at all. It just feels like the place doesn't have enough staff on hand sometimes, especially during their busier evenings or Saturday afternoons.  But aside from that I'm always happy to step on in and get a few household items - and sometimes to splurge on candy or decorations if something delicious or cute appears on the shelves. And while I admittedly can't get everything I need here, it's nice to have a "basics" shopping center I can get to fairly easily.~milk ( 
This place serves the freshest comfort food ever. Everything is made from scratch: shrimp spring rolls with peanut sauce, Pho, mango smoothies, and the most wonderful mint lemonade! The owner is sweet as can be and you can tell she puts a lot of love in her food. This is a real gem on East Queen Street.~shrimp mango smoothies, 
Stopped in for lunch the other day because the window sign said they had a pho and spring roll special a few days earlier. Would have gone long ago but I don't know what a funnel cake is and I didn't want crepes. I wanted to eat a quick and cheap meal just to try it out.  The place was empty, but still welcoming and I enjoyed the scattered inspirational quotes on the 'all-blackboard' walls.  The owner, Alice, said there was just a pho special but I could have a 'small' (it was plenty) bowl for $5.  It was delicious! I'm guessing this is what mom's home cooking would taste like in Vietnam. Really thick, lots of meat and noodle, and the broth was 'all stock, not made with bouillion' she said.  Friendly, good service, good food, great price. No complaints.~cake 
This is, by far the most amazing Pho you will ever have.  I found this place by accident during the Beaches Jazz Festival. I knew I was in good hands when the the proprietor told me that I couldn't order the spring rolls, because their supplier in her home country had run out of stock. Authenticity!  The Pho broth is 100% MSG free, and I kid you not, the soup is OPAQUE, it's so hearty.  The decor is cheesy but cute, the walls are painted black, and there are hand-written inspirational quotes in pale-coloured...markers?  Aside from having to pay for tea separately, it's pretty much perfect.  Oddly enough, I've never tried their crepe or funnel cake. I hear from other frequenters that it's delicious too.~tea cake. 
Formerly Tap Out...The House of Ryu sounds like something out of Street Fighter.  Attending the second Smoker Event for amateur and exhibition fights held monthly.  I think this is getting big quick.  There are fight clubs coming down from California to Hawaii.  Everyone there seems to be pretty cool, less than a 1/10 ratio of conceited fools that need to get they ass beat, j/k...or maybe not =/.    The gym is huge and provides a heavy bags, weight room, boxing ring, MMA cage/mats, weight training, locker rooms and much more.   The last Smoker Event, if its even still called that from the Tap Out days...also had the Sausage Fest truck roll through to cater.  Parking can be grueling considering its a huge lot and most other businesses are closed, but hey.   Other than that, met some staff and all seem to be good people.  Hopefully, I will be able to participate in an event in the near future...we shall see.~sausage 
I have been training here when it was TapouT Training Center. I currently take Muay Thai with Kru Sean and Boxing with Coach Dayel. I've taken Brazilian Jiu Jitsu once with black belt holder Sonny Nohara.   I've been doing Muay Thai for a few years and boxing for about a year. The MT with Kru Sean is good for all levels. He breaks things down and works for you if your form is not correct.   Coach Dayel is a awesome instructor. He gets your cardio going and also ensures that you are using proper form.  My son also comes to this gym. Coach Kevin "The Monster" Randleman is really good with coaching the kids wrestling team. He is fairly new and as soon as wrestling season comes around, I can give a better review about him.  Come on out and give them try! You will be happy and feeling good that you did!   The website is still under constructions but you can go to their Facebook account and see whats going on at the gym.  https://www.facebook.com/houseofryulv~thai thai 
I came here this afternoon with a fellow Yelp user and was quite impressed!  It's a quaint little shop with a variety of chocolates to choose from. Some people might say that the chocolates are expensive; however, I find the prices to be justified. Made on site, all chocolates are catered to the Vegan population of Eastern Toronto. The chocolates are sweet, but not too sweet... if that makes sense. Purchased chocolates are packaged in a cute Chinese takeaway box. If you need to buy a little gift for someone, why not come here?  You will not be overwhelmed with choice, but I recommend the Pumpkin Spice and Green Tea chocolates.~pumpkin tea 
The retail store of Kakayo Chocolate Company had been closed since April 2010....  Retail Store Closure Announcement  It is sad for me to announce that I had decided to close my retail shop at  1584 Queen Street East as of April 4th at 3pm.  Being 9.5 months pregnant I had decided that the best thing for me to do is to take maternity leave for a year so that I can focus my attention on my baby (expectant due date: April 23, 2010).  Initially, I had considered taking three months off and bringing a play pen to the shop.  But I knew that deep down I would be doing a dis-service to both my customers and my new baby.    With that being said, I still plan on working part time with my wholesale accounts (BMS Resources and Nature's Emporium), farmers markets (Brick Works and Riverdale Farms), catering/wedding orders, events and online orders.  Being self employed you never really stop working but this option does allow me to have a flexible schedule.    The future plan is to open another retail location however opening dates and location has not been considered as of yet.    I would like to thank you all for your support over the past years.  I will truly miss interacting and chatting with you.  Please feel free to contact me directly at anytime if you have a chocolate craving.  Sincerely,  Colleen Wong-Sala  Kakayo Chocolate Company~date: 
Why isn't this place up there with Gandhi roti for most loved? Weird analogy but still.. only one review?  Full disclosure: I am awful at grammar and I am not a fan of chocolate but Colleen changed my mind. Her handmade truffles are amazing and unique. She is insanely gifted and a stubborn perfectionist when it comes to her truffles. The lineup inclueds the Hot Tamale, which is a spicy kick to an indulgent truffle. Pumpkin pie, which just rules and my personal fave is Lavender which is subtle, layered and perfect.   Also, great "chinese takeout" containers for the truffles and everything is fair trade.~pumpkin pie, 
If this place was outside of the airport, it would not garner itself 4 stars due to the limited menu and the overpriced food.  However, it IS in an airport, and thus tends to outshine all the mediocrity that surrounds it.  I was mostly just looking for lunch during a layover, and I wanted something other than Quizno's.  I did not have a martini, but they have many of those in addition to having a full bar.  I had iced tea, and I ordered the beef brisket sandwich (I initially wanted their bacon/avocado/chicken salad, but they were out of that).  Their menu is sparse, but the sandwich was pretty tasty and definitely satisfied my hunger.  The sandwich featured brisket with a delicious horseradish cream sauce (served on the side) in addition to au jus for getting your dip on!  The waiter, Frank, is pretty cool and seems to be straight out of a 40's gangster movie in Brooklyn.  He hooked me up with my brisket, and I couldn't have asked for more!~tea, beef brisket sandwich ( salad, sandwich sandwich horseradish 
Not the best Vie & Nam I've gone to.   No one in line and still waited a significant amount of time! The Pork Bahn Mi I ate was underwhelming... simply didn't feel fresh and was tasteless. This is an issue for franchises, where one experience at one location simply doesn't reflect what you'd experience at the other. I understand it's fast food court Viet but other locations are much better. Pho is OK.  Won't be back here again.~pork 
I had the Combo #4....Grilled steak, rice and vegetables.    The beef was nice and tasty...done on a hot grill....delicious.... The rice and vegetables were also very well done....great fast food choice in Ville Marie-Gare Centrale.~steak, beef 
31 mai 2013 J'ai essayé beaucoup de petits comptoirs et de restos vietnamiens, mais j'ai vraiment été déçu de Vie & Nam. Je m'attendais à beaucoup mieux d'un comptoir situé en plein coeur du centre-ville, dans une foire alimentaire. Là où l'achalandage ne tarde pas à se faire sentir, surtout en saison chaude avec la course à l'air climatisé.  On vous vend un sandwich de votre choix, type Banh mi mais on vous charge 2 fois trop cher pour le si peu de viande qu'on y met avec une petite garniture fraîche (carottes, laitue, coriande, etc...). On goutte davantage la garniture et les assaisonnements que la présence de la viande. On ne trouve que ça, maintenant, à Montréal, c'est vraiment très décevant comme attitude de restaurateur. On tente ensuite de griller votre petit sandwich au four-grillette mais il en sort tout aussi blanc qu'il l'était avant.  On vous offre le combo avec petite soupe, qui est bien peu dire par rapport à la bonne soupe vietnamienne habituelle typique. Elle est fade, peu caractérisée, peu parfumée. On en sort déçu à 8,75 $ alors que ça aurait value facilement 5,95 $.  Si votre commande est pour emporter, on oublie ensuite de vous donner les ustensils mais on vous donne le sac, pour y mettre votre commande, avec une petite serviette de table au fond. Service moins qu'ordinaire, on veut vous voir repartir plus vite.  SUIVANT !  May 31st 2013 I've tried a lot of small food counters and viet places, so I was very disapointed with Vie & Nam. I thought it would be much more interesting since it's downtown, in the heart of the city's food courts. That's where people converge, espacially during the hot season, running for air conditionning.  They sell you a sandwich, among other stuff, Banh mi style, but you're being charged twice too much for what you receive, so little meat with fresh garnish (carrots, salad, coriander, etc...). You mostly taste the garnish but almost to none of the meat, just enough to know it's there. Nowadays, it's a common custom with Banh Mi sandwich, and vietnamese places, to let you down with the meat. They, then, try to grill your sandwich inside a small small-oven-grill but it comes out still as white as it was before.  You also have the combo pack with a small soup, which is also letting you down with the taste. It's mostly generic style then caracterized, as it should be in the typical vietnamese cooking. You leave with 8,75 $ less in your pocket as it should be worth only 5,95 $.  If your order is made "to go", they forget to put ustensils in your bag, but the bag has at its bottom a small napkin, just in case. Service is slim to none, less then ordinary, they want you to leave fast.  NEXT !~sandwich sandwich sandwich, salad, sandwich, sandwich white 
Vie & Nam isn't fast food...Just good Vietnamese food in a hurry!  Located in the food court of the Industrielle Building, they serve good Vietnamese food at a fairly responsible price.   When I want a "grab and go" lunch because I'm in between meetings, Vie&Nam is on my list of places. For $5 (all taxes included) you can grab a pork or chicken sandwich that they will toast it warm for you.   You have the option to have it made spicy or regular - I always take mine spicy!~pork chicken sandwich 
This is my go-to for a good bowl of pho; there are locations in the Eaton Centre and the food court in the Industrielle Building. Both locations are very good. I always get 1c (pho soup with chicken), and add spicy saté option. It gives the broth a tiny bit of spice, but a big punch of flavour. It it simply delicious and a generous portion for the price. I recommend this to anyone who likes a good bowl of pho! As a previous commenter has put it, it's not what I would call fast-food, but good Vietnamese food in a hurry!~chicken) 
I had 5a and it was very disappointing.. Vermicelli with shrimp and it had no taste at all, I don't think I'll come back again~shrimp 
As a a Vietnamese, I am truly disappointed by the food there.   I tried a lot of things on their menu, but still, there wasn't anything close to the real deal. The pho was okay, the sandwich had a plain taste, the spring rolls were really oily, but still crunchy... The list goes on and on. But I guess the quality is okay for a Vietnamese fast food restaurant and it's cheap.   I'd recommend it if you want something cheap and a bit asian.~sandwich 
Having eaten here before I had no hesitation in booking for my fortieth birthday.    We arrived at 8pm and despite only two other tables being occupied we were seated at a very small table in front of the entrance in a draft. Thankfully we were moved.    The place was bitterly cold. When I complained the manager very sarcastically told me it was cold outside and we were in a very old building!    The bread was stale and inedible.    Having looked at Jacksons website that day, I knew exactly what I was going to eat and drink. Sadly none of what I had been looking forward to was available. When I questioned this the manager told me the website was four years out of date!    My starter of duck confit was tough and tasteless.    My main of rack of lamb was minute,over cooked and a third of which was pure fat. My wife's salmon  was so dry and tasteless she couldn't eat it.    My creme brulee was ice cold and certainly not fresh. The shortbread that came with it was so stale it would have been left by a hungry mouse! When I complained about the brulee the manager told me it was impossible to serve fresh creme brulee as it takes 45 minutes to prepare and the one served to me was probably two days old!    We then ordered a tawny port from the desert menu. The manager told us they didn't stock tawny port. When I told him it was on the desert menu he argued it wasn't! Once I showed him the menu he then growled "well we're out of stock then"    I expressed my bitter disappointment with the whole evening to the manager and he exclaimed "well what do you expect me to do about it?"!!!    Jacksons ruined what should have been a wonderful celebration.    We left disappointed,hungry,angry and over one hundred pounds out of pocket for what can only be described as the worst meal I have ever had!!!~date! lamb salmon 
Good guys.  I like supporting them.  Its closer to my crib than Professor.  I just wish they had better 40 and tallboy selection.  I mean who drinks Clamato and Honey Brown anyway??!!~honey brown 
My first time at C3 Lab was to attend the Charlotte TEDx event in October of 2015. Since tickets were sold out at the main venue, this innovative business chose to host a free viewing party - complete with complimentary cookies, drinks and other snacks.  I met some cool new peeps as I browsed around their working art studio and I noticed that the offices for SocialFresh are also housed here. . .   It looks like an awesome space to host events of your own although I'm curious how parking would work for sizeable groups (?)  I was a little bummed that no one from the facility seemed to be there - so no one actually greeted me, talked about what C3 is, or showed me around . . .  but there were a couple guys playing ping pong so maybe they were the ambassadors (and just got caught up in their game?)  But it appears that you can rent a desk or an actual office and have shared access to a conference room in a copier machine and other standard business tools. . .so if you're open to co-working environments - this one seems pretty cool.~cookies, 
Tucked next to a laundromat, you almost don't notice a new restaurant popped open here.  The space is minimal without a ton of character with tables in the front, a long bar stretching towards the back where a ramp takes you up to a more open seating area.  Given that they'd just opened, the liquor license hadn't been secured quite yet but they were confident it was on it's way.  Our server offered us one tattered paper menu for the three of us, then later returned with a second. I wasn't sure why there weren't enough menus to go around, given that we were one of three tables in the place.  While Mexican food is never my favorite, I was bummed to find only one vegetarian option on the menu:  cheese quesadillas.    Really?!  Not even some veggie fajitas?  I asked the server what they could do to zip up that quesadilla and she indicated they could put in some veggies.  When I asked what veggies were available she replied "lettuce, tomato, onion, and cilantro".  Umm.  That's it?  Sigh.    Entrees don't come with side dishes, beans/rice are a la carte (about $3 I think). Entrees were about $7-8.  One side of beans/rice is generous and could probably serve two people as long as nobody is a bean-hog.  All the carnivores enjoyed their food, the chips and salsa were good, and the service was so-so.  But if we're going out to spend $ on dinner I'd like to have a few options besides a cheese quesadilla with lettuce and tomatos.  Oy! Hopefully these are start-up hiccups and the menu is still in development, but I would need to see some major menu additions before I had an interest in going back.~cheese lettuce, tomato, onion, cilantro" chips salsa cheese lettuce 
I just went here Sunday with a girlfriend. Impeccable service by Salvador! They must be reading reviews because every need was met and thensome! He offered us drinks, we don't drink alcohol so he made us small fruity frozen blended drinks that were so yummy!  Their salsa was fabulous, plus choices of habanero and jalepeno salsas. Everything is made there including their flan which was so amazing! Taking my husband there tonight and my family from out of town this weekend. Give them another try, their food is great and service was excellent!!~salsa habanero 
I ate with my boyfriend at this restaurant a few days ago and we ordered some tacos and my favorite was the al pastor one, the pork was tender and it had a good flavor, the chicken one was ok. My boyfriend had some tacos of lengua (tongue), steak and al pastor and he thought they were ok. Rice and beans were the same as la bamba, a a kind of dried rice with refried beans. The salsa and chips did not have anything special, I also tried a chicken tamale and the flavor of the dough was nice.~tacos pork chicken tacos steak salsa chips chicken 
If you are simply looking for good, authentic Mexican food then you have found it. If you are looking for good service, or vegetarian options then......you might want to go somewhere else.  I will admit, we visited shortly after they opened but they simply have a long way to go and probably would have been better off not opening so early. The timing of the food was off so the kitchen isn't up to speed either on how to make things so that it all comes out together and our waitress didn't have any idea how to answer the questions being asked of her?  However....all that being said - I will give it another try simply because the burrito I had was wonderful but if the service is still poor I won't go back again.~burrito 
Very good!  The El Pastor taco was our favorite though the chicken was great, too.  Our kids liked the rice a lot and ate most of it for us.  Even though my son spilled his lemonade when he got it, our server got a rag and mop and offered us a new table.  I didn't slow our meal down at all.  I would happily go back for those tacos and to try some of the other options that I was torn between...~taco chicken tacos 
The sign is dim and somewhat hidden making it very easy to drive past. It's exterior appears small but is quite big on the inside.  The service was super! Our waitress was sweet and helpful.  We ordered a chicken quesadilla, burrito, tacos, and a chimichanga. The chicken was  good and slightly spicier than la taqueria. The salsa verde was spicy and delicious and I think there were even avocados in it. The tacos were my favorite. It's a pretty solid place that I would go to again if I was on that side of town.~chicken burrito, tacos, chicken salsa tacos 
When Guadalajara burned down I was bummed Madison lost its only passably authentic Mexican food.    This place just opened up and it's as good as Guadalajara was.  For people in town who miss the authentic stuff, check this place out.  Complementary homemade chips and salsas are served as you decide your order.  Staff is really nice and the place is cheap.  We tried all the meats...  I think Carnitas was the best but they were all good.~chips 
It's a long way to go for a pasty I know but the West Cornwall Pasty Co serve the best pasties in town!  Located on the first floor of Edinburgh Airport in the Landside Food Court, the company run their Edinburgh outlet from a large converted camper van with a coffee machine, oven and fridge freezer. Handmade by bakers, they're cooked to golden brown and come in a variety of mouthwatering flavours from steak & ale and chicken & mushroom to pork & apple and cheese & bacon. Whilst I appreciate the gourmet flavours, I have to admit I usually settle for a traditional pasty and cup of sugary tea.   Pasty virgins should note: it's easy to burn your mouth with the filling. Be careful as you take your first few bites or live to regret it.~coffee brown steak & chicken & mushroom pork & apple cheese & bacon. tea. 
I have exceptionally fond memories of late-night visits to Edinburgh Airport not long ago, which I'll witter on about in my review of the airport itself. Having done several all-nighters there, stuck playing mini-golf and the awful Big Buck Hunter at the arcades, the 5am opening of this van / cafe / takeaway would often be a welcome distraction.  The prices will raise more than an eyebrow, but when you've had sod all to eat for 5 hours, their Cumberland sausage and bacon breakfast roll provides what can only be described as pure satisfaction. With the chain oddly absent from Edinburgh Waverley Station, it's the only place on the East Coast to enjoy this treat, as far as I know.~sausage bacon 
Very salty! I ordered the chicken sandwich, and I can tastes the NaCl and whatever chemistry in every bite. Not coming to BK anymore! In a world with do many health problem related to height salt in taken, why you are still keeping them high! This is the kids. Favorite place for soft ice cream, I will not bring them for meal again.~chicken sandwich, ice cream, 
THE WORSE BURGER KING EVER!! Not only do they randomly close early sometimes (went by at 11:15 pm and they were closed even thought their website says they're open til midnight), the service is awful and the food is barely edible.  Seriously, I shouldn't be amazed if I get hot food but I am. Oh and don't assume they have the whole menu there, there's always something they "just ran out of" or "the machine is broken" (like ICEEs).  I could maybe understand if this hadn't been the story for over a year.  Sucks that this is the only one this far south in Chandler but next time I'll just drive extra to go to the one on Alma School/Queen Creek.~burger 
I am so glad this location closed. Worst burger King I ever went to. Always ALWAYS got our order wrong, even the 2nd time.  Managers were always douches.~burger 
This is slow fast food, at least at night. Food was good but they were having everyone pull around to the front parking lot and wait for their food.  Love chicken fries.~chicken fries. 
We love books around here, but recently realized if we wanted to still have a place to sleep, we needed to cut down on our rapid accumulation practices. We agreed that from now on we'll "rent" books first, and only buy them if we can't live without them.  So far, the Mesa main branch has had every book we've wanted, with little -- and sometimes no -- wait times. The library is clean and well-organized, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. There's free wireless internet and computer access, and their magazine collection is pretty great, too.   So far, haven't seen many signs of recent cutbacks and layoffs, other than reduced hours and the fact they're now closed on Sundays. Also, although they're pretty good about emailing due-date reminders, it's not foolproof so be sure to keep track to avoid the $.25/day per book fines.   Thanks Mesa -- we love our library!~date 
Great Portuguese butcher the best in the GTA. Clean and great staff. They also have a deli counter  with cold cuts and cheese    . The prices are great.  They have great steak cutlet .~cheese steak 
I'm writing this review based on customer service as I never had the chance to actually place an order. Although I have an awesome butcher already I like to support my local businesses. I walked into this place one day looking for some steaks for dinner. I saddled up to the meat counter and patiently waited to be acknowledged, and waited, and waited. Then one after the other people were just walking up and shouting (in Portuguese) orders at the 2 guys behind the counter. After this happening about 4 times I raised my arms in astonishment and said "is anyone going to serve me, I was here first?" Even after this no one even noticed me. So I walked out and have never returned. It's too bad because there are times when I can't make it to my regular butcher and hate to buy meat at No Frills.~steaks 
Decent butcher shop and a few grocery items to choose from. Oddly enough I actually prefer their in-store location butcher counter at the No Frills in Dufferin Mall. Had some decent pork back ribs for a good price from here last time I stopped in, but also have had some previously uninspiring cuts of meat including one of the toughest pork chops I've ever eaten.  Prices are average, food is average, and staff isn't very personable. I've come here a few times purely because they have parking (and the neighbouring butcher does not). 3 stars across the board.~pork pork 
I just happened to see this food truck on a street corner near the office, so I decided to walk over and check it out. It looks like they just took over the Van Gogh noodle food truck and were in the process of replacing the signage.  Lolo Fuzion says they are Hawaiian, Mexican, and Asian. I didn't notice too much fusion going on. Rather, the menu seems to consist of all three cuisines separately.  I ordered the Huli Huli Chicken, which comes with steamed rice and mac salad. I've probably only tried Huli Huli Chicken once in my life, so I'm not sure what it's supposed to taste like. In any case, the chicken tasted good and was tender.  Unfortunately, the plate overall was underwhelming. The mac salad was almost devoid of flavor. The plate was also extremely rice-heavy. Now, I'm a rice eater, so that's saying a lot. I don't like to complain about portions, but there should have been just a tad more chicken for the amount of rice they gave. The rice was also not nice and warm, which was strange.  I don't enjoy giving a bad review for a business that just opened, but I certainly hope they improve and I wish them luck. I'd even give them another try if they return to my work area.~chicken, salad. chicken chicken salad chicken 
Saw this food truck at a Cinco De May festival yesterday 05/01/16. I had the Huli Huli Chicken, and it was Onolicous!! lol the sauce and the way the chicken was marinade was really delicious! I wanted to try their tacos but I was full from the my Huli plate. I did make room for their fruit cup they had which was pretty yummy with fresh fruit. Overall my experience was great. Service was fast, and everyone was friendly. Definitely will be back again!~chicken, chicken tacos 
Headed to the Spicy Pickle in Henderson, finding it was closed, we saw a red food truck on the horizon. My coworkers and I approached it and found the unique mix of the menu.  I ordered the Spam Musubi bowl. My compatriots ordered the tacos, as they were on special. Ten minutes later, I receive my lukewarm plastic bowl, filled with the canned meat, rice and egg. Unfortunately, the rice was pasty, which I found very disturbing, as a full time consumer of rice. I powered it down with a little help from a root beer. I continued to wolf it down, since I was famished.  Four hours pass by, and I find myself at home, unable to move. I lay in bed, with this feeling of malaise, and a sour taste at the back of my throat. Two seconds after getting up from bed, I found myself running to the toilet, face down, expelling the root beer from the same hole from whence it came. An entire bowl of spam, rice, and egg, soon followed.  I am currently sitting on my bathroom floor, writing this review. After talking to my coworkers, it sounds like I should have gone with the tacos.~tacos, egg. egg, tacos. 
What a gem of a find in East Charlotte!  What to expect:  Traditional "family owned" type restaurant.  Clean, themed decor (seafood, of course), booths large enough for families, and wonderfully friendly wait staff.  This restaurant is owned and operated by the family who founded the South 21 drive-ins in Charlotte.  They have a lot of the sandwiches that made South 21 famous in the area.  Face it... they've survived this long in Charlotte because they make good "every-day" food that lots of people enjoy.  Our visit:  My husband and I visited this place after driving by it every day for 9 years!  It's kind of out of the way.  You can see it from Albemarle Rd, it has a huge whale on the sign!  But for some reason, we just never made it in until today.  We sat down, ordered fried squash as an app and were trying not to woof down the little hushpuppies our waitress brought.  We looked over the menu and both ordered fried dishes.  I ordered a combo plate with flounder and shrimp, hubby ordered the "Deluxe Combo" with a deviled crab, flounder, whitefish, oysters, scallops and shrimp.  Now, don't get me wrong, what we ordered was superb!  It wasn't greasy, and everything had it's own flavor coming through.  However, when the owner, Chris, came to greet us and we mentioned we'd never been there before, he said he wanted to let us sample a couple of things to give us an idea of what else they did with seafood.  Here's what we were given to sample:   Sweet Potatoes--- perfect and SO yummy! Yankee Pot Roast---  good enough to make me forgive the entire north for putting sugar in cornbread!  (well, almost... i'm a cornbread snob, sorry) Roasted Ribs--- perfectly tender and nicely seasoned Shrimp and Grits---  absolutely AMAZING...  they make the sauce in house (tomato cream w/herbs), the grits were creamy and luscious, the shrimp was tender and wonderfully seasoned, and the sausage was thinly sliced and had just the right kick.  I'm still sad I didn't just order a full meal of that to bring home. Grilled Whitefish---  OK.. they're just genius with this... seriously.  Greek seasoned, just a little splash of lemon and you will be in heaven!!!!    By the time we left we were so full we could barely move!  The owner was SO nice and you could tell he genuinely wanted everyone there to feel welcome and appreciated.  This place just went on my top ten of locally owned establishments in Charlotte.  Give them a shot, you will not leave disappointed.  If you're not sure you like what you have, seriously, just talk to Chris, he'll make it right!~shrimp, shrimp. shrimp tomato shrimp sausage lemon 
This place is pretty much awesome. It's kind of off the beaten path, but it is worth the trip. I haven't had their broiled seafood, but their fried stuff is delicious. Even the side items are great, especially the 4 cheese macaroni. They have a variety of food so don't feel bad about taking the seafood haters with you. Great choice for families in the Eastland area.~cheese 
Disclaimer: I don't eat seafood!   Okay, so I have mixed feeling about The Seafarer.  I probably would have never chosen to dine here on my own, but my mom loves fried seafood and I was taking her out for her birthday.  I looked ahead online to make sure they have at least one vegetarian option, and score! Veggie plate! Only when I got there, I found out the fresh collard greens and green beans are cooked with bacon, WAH WAH. Was I surprised? No, after all this is The South. Was I dissapointed? Yes, I really wanted fresh greens! So I was left with fried squash, fried okra, and sweet potato casserole.   The fried okra was good. The fried squash was not the best I've had. The sweet potato casserole (upcharge because it's seasonal, fyi) was delicious, oh my. But, it really was more of a dessert than a side dish. There was so much brown sugar I almost got a toothache, but don't get me wrong, I ate every single bite.   So, let's back up to the best part: when we were seated the waitress brought out complimentary hush puppies and tartar sauce. DAAAAAANNGGG these PUPS WERE GOOD. Like, maybe the best I've ever had! And the tartar sauce was bangin' too.  My mom got the fried flounder and fried shrimp plate off the senior citizen menu, which she was super excited about and loved. My boyfriend got the broiled whitefish, which he liked, but didn't love.   My only other complaint is that the slaw (mayo based) was too runny.  The service and staff here was really nice. The prices are low. The decor is horrible.   Do not come here if you are vegetarian, vegan, or looking for anything remotely healthy.  If you love fried fish and don't give a *&$# about atmosphere, this is the place for you!~collard greens 
I wasn't all-too pleased with this restaurant. Their coleslaw was good, but their fish, scallops and shrimp came wayyy too overcooked for my taste. I won't be back anytime soon.~shrimp 
Zest. I still have the Zest soap commercial jingle in my head...zestfully clean, zestfully clean. You're not fully clean until you're zestfully clean! That said, I have always enjoyed Zest. I don't find it to be particularly spirited. Service is friendly enough, but spiritied. I think not. But I'm here for the food, right? Yummmm. Eggplant cheesecake, I believe is what it's called. It's a heavenly, moussey appetizer not to be missed. The meatloaf is outstanding and will not make you miss yo momma's meatloaf. Citrus chicken is ok, as is most restaurant chicken I find however, a bit dry. Chicken is my least favorite thing to order. Wine list is OK and certainly too pricey for this stretch of 16th Street. Rotating art is cool. What's best is it's independently owned and ya'll should give it a try!~chicken chicken chicken 
I've eaten here twice, the first time, the food was interesting and flavorful, though I think they sometimes try to be a bit too clever with the menu.  Sometimes simplicity is best.  The second time, I think I ordered some sort of fish and it was covered in so much brown sauce that I could not see what I was eating.  Also, the asparagus was grilled to the point of being charred to a crisp in some sections.  I also think that their price point is a little too high.  I realize they are going for the finer dining demographic, but still a bit too high in my opinion.  Also, the interior decor is a little too busy (borderline gaudy), they need to mellow it down because, in combination with some of the loud artwork, it can be a sensory overload. This is a gay-friendly establishment.~brown asparagus 
Decided to check out Zest with my out of town friends in tow and was rewarded with a great dinner.   We started with the eggplant cheesecake and the grilled scallops, both of which were excellent, but the cheesecake really stood out for being something that none of us had before.   We didn't realize that then were going to be treated to a great complimentary salad, freshly tossed table-side with an assortment of ingredients, including, as Stevey already mentioned, citrus, cranberries, and nuts.   For entrees, one friend ordered the special of the day, which was the marlin, another friend ordered the catfish gumbo, and I got the citrus crusted chicken. I'd say I liked my dish the best - the chicken was juicy and marinated to perfection, as was everything else on the plate. My friend's marlin was good, but my other friend's catfish gumbo was really salty. Too salty for her to eat much of it. However, the desserts more than made up for it - the chocolate bread pudding bananas foster was awesome, mostly because the chocolate wasn't overbearingly rich and in dire need to be washed down with a tall glass of milk like many desserts are. The orange cranberry cheesecake was also excellent.  The service was top notch, and even though we were seated in the middle of a very busy dining room, the atmosphere was good, it never got too loud, nor did it really feel crowded.   Will definitely be back again.~salad, chicken. chicken milk cranberry 
I had a wonderful meal at zest. The salad was excellent. The service was great. The owners are there a lot of the time ensuring that people are happy and taken care of. I must rave about the martini's, some of the best in town, and not served in the tiny martini glass. What I truly love about this place is the atmosphere, all the candles, its just sexy and smooth. I was taken on a date here and would recommend it for a second or third date when you know you are into somebody don't mind spending a little cash, it would be perfect. It is not overly priced like steamers or flemings but nice enough to really impress.  The two of us got out of there for $80.00 with an app, drinks dinner and dessert. I think people are fooled by this place because it is not in Scottsdale or on Camelback. I say that makes me like it even more.~salad date date 
It was one of the worst restaurant experience I have ever had when I went to Zest for a group get-together for a friend's birthday party.  The environment is nice, but the menu prices were unreasonable.  The food was in small portions.  I had to leave early for a meeting.  The waitress was rude and wouldn't give me my check so I could leave.  After waiting for 20 minutes, I had to physically find the hostess and the manager to pay for my dinner so I could go home.  The hostess wasn't being cooperative, either.  So, I firmly demanded to speak to the manager and he came to the front desk.  I told him, "If you don't take my credit card and let me pay for my dinner, I am going to walk out right now.  I cannot believe the hassle and inconvenience I had to put up with tonight!"  He told the hostess to charge and let me sign for my plate and drink.  I angrily scribbled my signature, tossed the pen and left.  I would not recommend this place for group settings.  It would be easier  if it was a date only.  I'd give this place 0 stars!~date 
Zest was definitely spirited dining.  I went there with a large group from a conference and there is so much that can go wrong in that situation.  Andrew, Michael and Don rushed around to ensure that all of our needs were attended to.  The food was terrific, especially the eggplant cheesecake.  My steak was wonderful and prepared just right.  The atmosphere was cool and the staff friendly - highly recommended.~steak 
First visit: Food poisoning. The scallop appetizer gave the two of us that shared it food poisoning on Saturday. Not one to go to the hospital unless there's blood or pus, just waited it out, wretching most of the day on Saturday and spent the last several days recovering. The owner was very nice when I called and he offered to take special care of us next time, but my fellow diners are not inclined to take him up on the offer, nor am I.  Service not coordinated well -- cleared silver with empty plate, but forgot to bring more, two servers stopped and asked the same question, server brought another table's appetizer to ours (wishing he'd taken our scallops to another table!).  Service details not correct -- only have red wine glasses, no visit from manager during entree, no offer for additional drinks.  Done well: busers are on it! water always full, plates and silver promptly cleared, unobtrusive, unhurried, courteous, smelled good, and especially, knew how to place the napkin in my lap for me when I sat down.  Food mostly unimpressive. Besides the poisonous scallops, the vegetarian angel hair pasta in "balsamic sauce" was vinegar water which made the pasta and other julienned veggies float like soup in the bowl. The two sauces of the scallops did not compliment each other or the scallops, and except for their contrasting color didn't do much for me (besides making me violently ill later).  Ambience: I loved the long table against the wall stacked with varying height and colored candles, all alight. I also liked the very large "wine" room for larger groups. Exposed floor and tabletops made it feel casual while cloth napkins and lighting dressed it up. I'd suggest doing something to break up the ceiling a bit, perhaps dropped ceiling panels or drapery or other uplit side lighting. Won't be back.~pasta pasta 
Always have had a good experience at Zest, but it has been several months.  From the soothing urban comfort atmosphere, to the warm friendly servers to the expertly cooked food - give this place a try.  Items of note - eggplant cheesecake and shrimp goat cheese melt...I'm a sucker for anything with goat cheese, but was really impressed.  The salads tossed for you right at your table and served with cranberries orange and nuts are outstanding.  The citrus glazed chicken was outstanding as well.  The wine list was pretty comprehensive and had some of my favorites, incl. Cakebread....For dessert try the mocha cappucino creme - you won't regret it.~shrimp cheese cheese, salads chicken 
Superb fish and shrimp tacos. I cried after the first bite because the perfect taste reminded me of a starry night or a gorgeous sunset over the Pacific...well played Ensenada...well played~shrimp tacos. 
Service: the waitress was clearly knowledgable of the entire menu and was friendly and kind. The food was delicious. I had a burger and it was one of the best burgers I have had in a looooong time. The curry cawliflower soup was fantastic. They know what they are doing there. A+~burger burgers 
Friendly and attentive service. Feel like having nice meal at someone's vacation home.  Bread was ok. Warmed up dinner roll so it gets dried up if you don't eat fast.  Overall food were just ok but most broth were very diluted... as if these were meant to be heated till get some reduction but wasn't boiled long enough.  Onion soup and gumbo broth were very weak. Fries were so dark, which made us think the oil was not clean..  Mussels were very tiny inside big shell.., disappointing.   Rice for gumbo was like uncle ben's rice..  Fajita comes with sour cream, cabbage and cheese but no guac, rice or beans.  Sangria was ok but not very memorable.   It was OK restaurant..  My friend really liked the rib.~onion fries sour cream, cabbage cheese 
The other night, Kay and I did something...risky.   She didn't feel like cooking, so we decided to order in.  Fortunately there's the internet and the Pennysaver. In the Pennysaver, a local paper version of craigslist for those who don't know, we found a pamphlet menu for Sushi Three, yet another place I'd been meaning to try for many years.  "Kay, why don't we just order pizza? They probably don't even deliver here."  "But I. Want. Asian!!!" Besides, did you call them?"  "No."  "Well..."  So I called, and by God they did deliver to Beechview after all.   "But Kay, it's Japanese food. It may not hold up well."  "But what about that takeout from Pan Asia you had your parents get you for your birthday? You raved about that on Yelp."  My Baby Doll coulda been a lawyer.   Alas...  The shumai was rubbery and had flavor that was blubbery. Why?  The 4 pieces of sushi were a tad mushy and left me anything but gushy.  The chicken bulgogi was gravely soggy, and its lack of true essence of BBQ made me go "Eeew."   The Miso, in terms of taste, was a flat zero.   However, the salad with 1,000 Island dressing was a small blessing.   Kay had something called Shrimp Fantasy, and one bite confirmed for me that naming it such was heresy.    And I think that's all we had.   My Etrigan-styled antics aside, I'm not sure if our dinner would have been better had we chosen to dine-in at Sushi Three instead of having it delivered. Because of that, I might be willing to try them again. Emphasis on "might." We did finish everything we ordered, but none of what we had carried with it any sense of culinary flair. In that sense, this meal came off as generic Asian food. For example, the aforementioned bulgogi just seemed like it could have been any Americanized Asian chicken dish, one that came from a Reader's Digest recipe or the back of a box of rice.   Sushi Three? Not for me.~sushi pizza sushi chicken miso, salad shrimp sushi chicken sushi 
sushi was dry and unenjoyable. the place itself is clean and the decor was minimal.  I was not a fan and probably won't be back.~sushi 
Good sushi and nice staff. If you eat at the restaurant it's always completely dead inside--which can be nice if you want some privacy, or bad if you don't want the staff to hear your conversation.~sushi 
WAY overpriced and the rolls are incredibly small. I was not impressed with the sushi either. If you are looking for sushi, Katana, only about a mile away, is WAY better. I would not recommend this place. If you are in the neighborhood, Bados right next door or IO cafe across the street are a much better choice.~sushi sushi, 
I've been coming to Sushi 3 since high school and it's always been a local go-to for good sushi. The quality of the food and service have always been consistent every time I have stopped in.   I've tried a number of their rolls and none have disappointed. The pricing seems to be pretty average as far as sushi goes. The space is pretty small with maybe five booths and a few seats at the sushi bar. But it seems that this place gets a lot of takeout orders because every time I'm in, there are plenty of people coming and going. Personally, I like dining in because it's so quiet and peaceful. In addition to fresh and flavorful sushi, the service is always fast. They usually have our food out to us in no time at all.  Unfortunately I don't live nearby anymore so I don't get to stop in quite as often. But when I'm in the mood for sushi in the South Hills area, Sushi 3 is my top choice.~sushi sushi. sushi sushi sushi, sushi sushi 
Great little neighborhood place. Food is good, service is great.  Try the tofu salad appetizer.~tofu salad 
Had lunch with my wife. The quality of the sushi was quite good. My wife had some tempura that was fabulous. Service was friendly and quick. We really enjoyed our lunch. We will be back.~sushi 
Freshly prepaired, made to order sushi. More variety than you can shake a stick at!~sushi. 
I had lunch here this past week and got the sushi lunch special. I was surprised to see that there were only two other tables. The restaurant was dark and provided little in the way of ambiance. For $10, the sushi lunch special included salad, miso soup, 5 pieces of sushi along with a salmon roll and green tea. As far as how much you got for the money, it was a good deal.  On the negative side, the sushi was quite average, both in terms of taste and freshness.  Little Tokyo, which is located on Washington Rd. in Mt Lebanon (about 5 minutes away) has higher quality sushi, although it's a little bit pricier. If you are looking for good sushi, it's worth the extra five minute drive.~sushi sushi salad, miso sushi salmon tea. sushi sushi, sushi, 
This place has restored my faith in delivery sushi. For the longest time I could only eat it fresh (not delivery), but this is the second place ever I've found that I thoroughly enjoyed the sashimi appetizer, takosu, flower roll, and a spicy tuna roll with no asparagus. Of the two places ever, this is my new number one. The spicy tuna roll and and sashimi app were my favorites! The hubby got yellowtail fish jowl, and fried rice... Also very good. Delivery was on point and even the call to put in the order was smooth and easy.~sushi. tuna roll asparagus. tuna roll fried rice... 
Delicious sushi! Watched it be prepared in front of us and the entire place is super clean. Friendly staff. Highly recommend stopping here!~sushi! 
I just got lunch from here today.  For $9.63, I got soup, salad, vegetables tempura, 6 avocado rolls, steamed rice, and pickles.  It was a ton of food and more than filling enough - I didn't even eat the salad and I was stuffed.  I will agree that the wasabi was pretty weak - I added tons of it and it added almost no spice or flavor.  Even though it was a bit pricier than I was expecting (my menu was outdated and said the lunch would be $6.95.  Oops.), it was also very filling and worth it for a once-in-a-while treat.~salad, avocado pickles. salad 
This was my second visit and alas, my last.   Our first visit was at lunch and it was just OK. We weren't blown away nor were we impressed. But I will always opt to support a local Mom & Pop shop if all things are equal. This last visit was the pits.  It was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. We were one of two tables. This is usually an indication of something fishy (excuse the pun.) Appetizer was edamame. It was overcooked and left uneaten. I am not the adventurous sushi order-er; I had California rolls and spicy tuna. The tuna rolls were mostly spicy sauce then fish, very mayonnaise-y and unsatisfying. As for my CA rolls, the avocado was all brown! Not just the parts on the top (because I checked!) all the way through. When I brought it to the staff's attention her response was "Oh, yea. Avocado is like banana. They get brown very easily and we cut that yesterday." WHAT?!? They did bring me another batch (that was part brown, part green) but it was too late. This was my first sushi restaurant EVER that we left half the rolls on the plate uneaten. Since we were all still hungry, my daughter picked up the table tent listing all the desserts. Yuck! Filthy. Not wiped down in a long while or perhaps ever. When I set it back is when I noticed the wall also needed a good wipe down. Needless to say, we skipped dessert.   Our first visit deserved a 2.5 but this visit was a 1.~edamame. sushi tuna. tuna avocado brown! avocado banana. brown brown, sushi 
Sushi Three is my favorite sushi restaurant in Pittsburgh. Their food is always excellent. I've only eaten in the restaurant a couple times, I usually order take out. The vegetable spring rolls are delicious. They are crispy, not greasy & the dipping sauce they come with is so good! It tastes like a wasabi mustard combination. Cold sesame noodles are good. My favorite makisushi is the spicy salmon tempura roll, they fry the outer shell of the sushi so it's crispy & it's lightly topped with sauce. The Shadyside Roll which is smoked salmon, cream cheese & avocado, any of the vegetable tempura rolls which is a choice of yam, broccoli, asparagus or zucchini & the fresh salmon roll are all great choices.  You can't go wrong with Sushi Three. If you're a fan of sushi they are a must try!~sushi sushi salmon sushi smoked salmon 
I frequent this place often, probably on average about once every 2 weeks, with colleagues from work, as our office is right around the corner.  Their sushi (I've had probably about a dozen or so varieties of their rolls) is always fresh and delicious and their miso soup is my favorite around.  The lady who works there is always so friendly and sweet.  I love this place, and would recommend it to anyone who loves Sushi in the Mt. Lebanon/Dormont area.~sushi ( miso sushi 
I go there as a tradition with my best friend when she comes home and it's one of my favorite places. The resteraunt is quiet and low lit so it's very relaxing. Service is quick and friendly. The lunch specials are amazing deals and there's enough variety there that I never get bored with the choices. Their tempura is the best i've ever had, and the rest of their food is just as amazing. Their ginger dressing makes me want to drink it straight. Even thinking about it has set me drooling!~ginger 
Stopped by for lunch take out while passing through the area. I think this is actually the first time I've had (restaurant) sushi in Pittsburgh... a bad first choice.  I barely ate half my food - lunch special, fairly priced for the variety at $8.50, and an order of hamachi (2 pc). -the hamachi, bad quality fish. stringy texture and chewy instead of melty... i'm starting to think I had better at the buffets in town, and not well assembled/pressed -sushi rice both in my lunch roll and my nigiri had that awful moldy smell from sitting in an enclosed and moist container for too long. Regular rice with my lunch was fine, so maybe it was the rice vinegar sitting with the rice that produced the awful smell :/ -brown avocado in my half-roll with the lunch special. Like, not just oxidized on the surface, but completely brown throughout -miso soup was SWEET -yakitori - 2 skewers of chicken breast cubes. DRY. and the surface of the cubes was all chewy and old.  -salad with ginger dressing tasted very refreshing, but the consistency of the dressing was practically water.   Basically... all misses. I'd give them the benefit of the doubt on the first try, but the old sushi rice and avocado, served to customers... just plain bad quality fish. UGH.  I was greeted by friendly and informative staff. Unfortunately, after that they shouted loudly either on the phone or in the kitchen, in Chinese the entire time, or taking personal phone calls and talked loudly across the restaurant in front of me as if I weren't there.  For the past 10 years, I'd driven past sushi 3 countless times. Gonna keep doing that from now on. Never coming back here again.~sushi avocado brown chicken ginger sushi avocado, sushi 
Sushi selection limited...  Miso soup tasted a little fishy.~sushi miso 
They delivered to us recently, and I wasn't ecstatic over the Shrimp Fantasy I had. The sushi was decent. Most of everything else was bland and average. I don't know if eating at the restaurant would have made a difference or not. The delivery did come on time, though. Nothing special in my book.~shrimp sushi 
Just moved to the area, so I was looking for a good sushi place. This is a nice little joint.  It's very intimate, but they would have no problem seating a large party.  When my BF and i arrived we were the only ppl there (it was memorial day, so sushi isn't too high up ppls lists for dinner)   We ordered the spicy Edamame and 4 rolls.  Everything was reasonably priced, and very good.   Staff was friendly!  Will definitely be back!~sushi sushi edamame 
Very large sushi menu. The prices are a little higher than average. Everything  tasted pretty good. At first glance, I remarked that there was plenty of fish inside my sushi. Then we realized that it was an optical illusion...there was hardly any rice in the sushi. Still, the fish was fresh and tasty.  We got 5 rolls altogether, a tuna tataki app and crab rangoons. All in all, it was 45 bucks. This wouldn't have such an issue but the portions just seemed on the smaller side. The tuna tataki was awesome, though!  I've had better, I've had worse...this place was alright. I probably won't go there again, not because of anything bad, but just because  there are better places to go.~sushi sushi. sushi. tuna tuna 
I am a huge fan of Sushi Three. They live within walking distance of my home, so it's no problem getting here and the temptation for sushi is always in the back of my mind! Admittedly, the price of the food here tends to keep my cravings in check for a couple months at a time, but when I do come here, I enjoy every bite. Occasionally I also order take-out since they have very reasonable lunch deals, but really, I prefer to sit and eat at the restaurant itself.  Speaking of: the place itself is very quiet, which I actually like; I can just sit, talk with a friend or read a book, and then (what a radical concept) enjoy my food in peace. This is a big deal for me because the other places I know of where I can get sushi are loud, busy, and quite frankly, a little limiting options-wise compared to Sushi Three's menu. If I want sushi, I either come here or I get a small pack at Giant Eagle. That's how much I dislike eating in the other sushi places I've visited in Pittsburgh to date (although with more and more places opening this opinion may change soon!). If I'm going to pay as much as I do for my fish, I want to be in a place I can sit and actually enjoy my food.  By the way, Sushi Three does serve things other than sushi, so people looking for some Japanese food that isn't rice and fish are definitely going to find something. There's some really delicious beef, chicken and pork dishes (one family member of mine absolutely adores their pork katsudon). But of course, a place with the word "sushi" in its name is going to specialize in sushi, and there are pages and pages of sushi options available here. The orders come in various styles and sizes as well, so couples can get something to share or just get something smaller for themselves. The combos all come with soup and salad, which are also very yummy. My personal routine order as of today is a large salad and an order of softshell crab rolls. Sure, I'll occasionally snag a bite from someone here with me, but the truth is that Sushi Three makes such enormous orders that I need to be reeeally hungry to eat all of any other order I make.   But hey, at least you get your money's worth! I say definitely give this place a shot if you're a sushi fan.~sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi, sushi date ( sushi sushi, beef, chicken pork pork sushi" sushi, sushi salad, salad sushi sushi 
I'm giving two stars and that is solely based on convenience and the fact that I like the food to begin with. When my family and I entered this location a couple girls entered after us that apparently knew one of the workers. While we were ordering the girl working behind the counter screams, runs, knocks over equipment behind the counter slams into the door and runs out to hug and greet her friends. She stayed out of the kitchen for a few minutes one manager watched her run out and went to get a second manager. The both of them proceeded to stare at the girl as she was with her friends but no one asked her to come back in. It wasn't until she went back behind the counter that one manager told her that she knocked over some equipment and all she had to say "oh well it's just ten dollars to replace." After this she went back into the kitchen with gloves on and ate some ice cream and without changing her gloves, started preparing food. Aside from the cashier, who was friendly and professional, the whole experience was just ridiculous and unnecessary. These people could learn some professionalism and proper work etiquette.~ice cream 
Walking into this Burger King location, I noticed how clean and inviting it was on the outside! As I walked into the restaurant, it was the CLEANEST Bk that I'd ever been to. The staff is amazing and friendly as can be!! I ordered two whopper meals and a chocolate Oreo shake for my brother and me. The women working behind the counter were very welcoming, fast, and efficient!!!! I highly recommend this location!~burger 
Came here with a few friends while ago to get some breakfast. The lady which I'm assumed was "the manager" ( because she dressed different from others) took our order. No hi/ hello but just "what can I get you?" Then she kept her straight face the whole time taking our order & rolled her eyes.  Food here was decent too. Their chicken was really juicy I would give it a 3 stars but bc of the customer service I had to give it a 1.~chicken 
Wopperitto is nasty, my onion rings are hard old and chewey, didnt get my katsup or my onion ring sauce, surprising because the  drive thru lady OFFERED IT IN THE FIRST PLACE!! Damnit now i cant even choke this crap down with anything.~onion rings onion 
We just moved to this part of town and Burger King is the closest but every time we come the order is always wrong.~burger 
Ok ok ok! I get it! I'm yelping about a ff joint. Pathetic I know. Even I MAKE FUN OF PEOPLE FOR DOING WHAT IM ABOUT TO DO...but this ff chain is SO AWFUL I HAD too!!!!!! I hate Burger King! It's the worst fast food out there & to top it off this location is painfully slow & messed up my order. Ordered 2 different types of chicken sandwiches & a 6 PC kids nugget. Get home & they put a kids burger in my bag. I didn't want to even go in the first place. $21 later for the worst fast food ever, chicken is all breading and 1/16 of an inch of actual pressed chicken slime. Just go to Jack in the Box right down the street a mile if you MUST have ff.  Today was a must do ff for us bc of time. Grrrrrrr!!!!!!!~burger chicken burger chicken chicken 
OH MY GOD.  The quality of the food isn't like any other burger king.  There doing something wrong and they don't care.   Do yourself a favor people, read everyone else's post ' pretty similar.~burger 
I had an awful experience at this location last year and haven't been back. It's been about a year so I thought I would give them another chance. I went last Sunday for breakfast because I like the lunch for breakfast promotion that BK has. I walked in at 9:30 and visited the bathroom first thing. When I got to the sink to wash my hands, there was no soap in the dispenser. Really? I just used the bathroom and have no soap to wash up with?        I got to the front counter and ordered A chicken sandwich and onion rings. The register lady informed me that their fryer is broken and they can't make any fries or onion rings. Great! When did it stop working? Yesterday she explained. I told her just to bring out the sandwich. She took off to go do something and I was standing there, I realized that if the fryer is down, there was zero chance that they can make a fried chicken sandwich either. When she reappeared I asked her about that and she had a deer in the headlights look. That was enough to tell me I wouldn't be getting a chicken sandwich today either. I got my money back and got out of there.       When a patron can't get soap in the bathroom just minutes after the place has opened, that tells me that the manager is not completing their opening check list correctly. Any manager worth their own salt would at least stick their head in the bathrooms to see if it is stocked before they open the restaurant.      The other major issue is that the fryer at this location was broke down on Saturday and Sunday. The weekends are the biggest sales days for restaurants. Management cannot allow the fryer to be down all weekend. You have to get someone in there to get it fixed.       There are serious management issue at this location. I've been burned twice at this location and won't be back anymore, which is a shame; because I live just two blocks away.~chicken sandwich onion rings. fries onion rings. sandwich. fried chicken 
Needed to post something about this Burger King because of the service, not necessarily the food this time. Who do they hire at these places? Where do they find them? Don't put someone at the register that doesn't know what they're doing. The poor manager was running around like a chicken with its head cut off and the guy at the register was taking his sweet time. All I ordered was a whopper meal with cheese and ketchup only, this must have been too much to comprehend! It took 3 times asking me what I wanted before he punched it in correctly. It still didn't show right on the receipt so I told him to just change the order to Chicken Fries to be safe...I know there can't be any real chicken in those, but they're just soooo darn good! Get some new people working for you and you should be good to go!~burger chicken cheese chicken fries chicken 
The food was good but the guy Sam who took our order was very rude. Probably won't be visiting this Burger King again~burger 
Out of at least 30 drive-thru visits over the past year, I'd say 65% of the time, they mess-up my drive-they order, despite getting it right on the screen.  I'm sick & tired of it.  It's the most convenient BK location for me, and obviously if I'm hitting the drive-thru it is because I'm in somewhat of a hurry, so by the time I unwrap one of my burgers & start to eat it, I'm about to get on I-15 & no time to turn around & go back to complain.   Besides, at this point, if I did go back to complain, I'd create a scene by honestly calling them incompetent (due to the frequency they mess up my order).  Last week in the drive thru, I was at the window waiting for my food when the car that was in line ahead of me stopped & the woman got out & walked back to the window -- they messed her order up.  She apologized to me, and said that they usually do mess up her order, which is why she always pulls ahead a little then stops to check her food.  Yesterday, not only did they leave cheese off the burgers that I ordered & paid for cheese on (& confirmed that cheese was listed on the electronic display when I placed the order), but they didn't even include any napkins in the bag.  Usually they give me way too many napkins.  I was really fed-up that they screwed up my order again so I was going to call the store, however they didn't include a receipt (nor did they ask if I wanted one, so I assumed they'd put one on or in the bag.   This is yet another example of their $&%# inconsistency.  Usually when they mess up, it's not including cheese that I ordered & paid for, or I'll clearly say "no tomato" & they leave ketchup off instead, or there are still tomatoes on it.  These idiots want $15 an hour?!  Sure, at times they work hard, but they don't pay attention, and they get away with it because the manager(s) & owner(s) & corporate management seem complacent.  With them charging 25 cents for a slice of American cheese, I figure they owe me about $20 by now for all the times I paid for cheese, & they left it off.  I go to other BKs occasionally & occasionally have messed-up orders, but this BK in St Rose Parkway near Henderson airport is the worst by far & even though it'll be a big inconvenience, I'll start going to a different one.~burgers & cheese burgers cheese cheese cheese tomato" cheese, cheese, 
The worst Burger King EVER in terms of service. Even the location on Serene has better customer service/people skills than this one. The kid that took my order at the drive thru was meh. The young Mexican or Filipino girl that asked for my money when I got to the window acted like an entitled brat.  Honey don't be mad because you work at BK, be glad you got a job...Kadashian wanna be.  The good thing about this location is the fact that it's still new and clean looking on the outside.~burger honey 
Who New is like a dream come true for me. Mid century modern is my jam and this place is bursting at the seams with it. We're talking tons of teak, tapered legs, molded plastic, kitschy stuff galore, Pyrex...you name it, they probably got it. They aren't selling stuff at thrift store prices and that's because they know what they have is gold. They are willing to haggle though, so name a price! I fell in love with a wood carved pineapple while I was there. Only $12 and I didn't buy it and now I'm sitting here saying to myself "WHY???" Oh the misery of not snagging something you love as soon as you see it. Learn from me friends. Go to Who New and if you see something you love, don't leave without it!~pineapple 
Oh no!  Who knew that Who New would create a monster!  I SO want everything!  I mean, at least everything in the fun mod section!    This is a legit vintage store.  You know those places that claim to be vintage and then only have super ugly lame vintage no one wants?  This place carries loads and loads of really awesome vintage, all in really great condition too!    There's a large amount of kitchen accessories.  I really fell in love with a white and red polka dot 21 piece "chocolate" set.  It's pretty much a tea or coffee set, but the owner explained to me it's from England and they used it for hot chocolate.  All I know is I just wanted it in my kitchen, asap! The price was around $120, which shocked me a bit, but I understand...it's vintage...we're not dealing with modern mod at Target!  I also thought their selection of living room was amazing.  There were two really fabulous pieces worth mentioning.  A yellow love seat with white piping in great condition and a wooden den chair with teal cushions that looked very Frank Llyod Wright without the square angles.    I was surprised/happy to see some vintage clothing, purses, shoes and jewelry.  It was a small selection, but good quality, none the less.  There was also the many chotchkies laying around, some cool, like colored vases and others rando's, like weird looking figurines.    The owner was incredibly friendly, and showed me around the different sections of the store and explaining different things to me by decade.    I cannot wait to visit this store when I'm decorating a house, although I know I"ll have to space it out with the prices, it is a MUST on the list for unique vintage items!~white tea coffee white 
I think I should state this out first: my review is based not on their baked goods but more on their ability to operate as a coffee shop (which they do try).  We were a big group (6 adults, 3 kids) and we really needed a good shot of coffee and hot chocolate to make sure the kids will let us enjoy our coffee. Here is were they start loosing review points: A. NO hot chocolate...really?? a place that makes so much sweets and designed chocolate has no hot chocolate? I mean basically you can put 1-2 chocolate cubes inside hot milk and here you go the perfect hot chocolate. B. Coffee was ok...I had much better C. No soy or almond milk with I believe today is not something unusual to ask for. Some places may charge more but they carry it.  If you want sweets or baked good this is a good option if you want coffee..continue walking~coffee coffee coffee. milk coffee almond milk coffee.. 
this is an amazing café / shop / patisserie, which offers salads, sandwiches, quiches, charcuterie for dine-in or take out, and the most dazzling selection of chocolates, candies, marzipan, pastries, tortes and baked goods to order.  I loved browsing the selections of sweets, appreciating the creativity, workmanship and complexity of the beautiful individual desserts lining the display cases.  Oh, and they also serve coffee!    This is a perfect spot for a late Sunday breakfast, or a lunch stop, or simply a leisurely latte, sitting at the large window, people-watching.~salads, pastries, coffee! 
This place serves some of the best food I've had anywhere in my life.   I live in Columbus, Ohio, when I can, I come to Montreal to visit my uncle.  I believe he first took me here to show off some excellent pastries. I wasn't disappointed. With breakfast I had fresh fruit juice. It was incredible.  This past summer, I came again, but for lunch. I remember a shredded lamb sandwich, I remember returning a few weeks later and enjoying a goat cheese sandwich. They were absolutely phenomenal!! I crave them far too often. Montreal is too far away from Ohio.  I highly recommend this place. The next time I am in Montreal, it might be my first stop!~pastries. lamb sandwich, cheese sandwich 
This is one of the most beautiful patisseries I've ever been to (including those in France): simply gorgeous cakes and cookies and tarts and meringues, stunning pastries and petit fours, all displayed beautifully. My family and I have had some of the best croissants here (after being extremely disappointed with those at a cafe on Greene). I was relieved that my kids were able to experience "real" Montreal croissants: buttery and flaky and light, as they are meant to be.  The coffees are wonderful as well.   I'd easily have given this patisserie 5 stars, but when I went there for my morning cafe au lait and croissant the other day, I was stunned to hear that their only coffee maker was broken. We had to leave and go elsewhere (as did other folks in line). I not sure how long the machine was broken, or how often this occurs, but I was surprised that an awesome cafe like this did not have some sort of back-up plan.....~cookies pastries coffee 
Their baked goods are good. Better than Premiere Moisson, in my opinion. HOWEVER, I have to say that I was disappointed the last two times and, as a result of the very last time I went in to make an order, I won't be returning.   Two times ago, they forgot half my order, so I had to settle for something less than I expected. But what really got me was the last time I went in, they refused to remove the ugly "Gasgogne" sticker, made of cardboard, from my cake.   I purchased a beautiful cake and paid extra to have a white chocolate, handwritten message put on top. As they were wrapping it up for me, I noticed that there was an ugly piece of branded cardboard next to the elegant white chocolate message on top of my cake. I asked them to remove it and they refused, telling me that if I didn't like it, I could shop somewhere else.   The box the cake comes in is branded, and I'm all for supporting their brand. But to refuse to remove an ugly piece of cardboard when 1) I paid for the cake and 2) I paid extra for a fancy message to be added on, I was quite frustrated. By telling me to go somewhere else if I wasn't happy, showed a complete disregard and lack of respect for me, the customer giving them my money. Plus, after they're through wrapping the cake up for you, they know you're not going to undo all that tape and ribbon to remove the ugly branding. Needless to say that I won't be returning. Too bad too, because I liked their cakes.~cake. cake white white cake. cake cake cake 
Found this cute deli place walking around in Montreal.  They have everything from bread, pastries, salads, soups and sandwiches.  I picked up several items for a summer dinner which were great for a hot day.~pastries, salads, 
Unbelievable French fare  --lunch and brunch place, with a full bakery and kitchen. We had rip roarin chocolate eclairs with ham & gruyere cheese sandwiches on an exceptionally fresh baguette bread. Such a wonderful place and a bakery well known in Montreal and highly recommended to us by some colleagues. This place absolutely did not disappoint and it felt just like being in an authentic French bakery. It was also one of the very best bakeries we were in in the city. Don't forget to top off the meal with a cafe au lait or an espresso. We also decided to keep things French by grabbing an Orangina on ice. GO HERE!!~cheese 
You can count on excellent quality and fresh baked goods daily. The patisseries are refined and always delicious. I am addicted to their home made salads and strong coffee.  You can order customized cakes and impress your guests. Everything here is made with the finest ingredients. It never disappoints.   The service is formal. You are always treated with respect. Sometimes I don't mind when they call me Madame but I always correct them and ask to be called "Mademoiselle, SVP!"  I guarantee you will return here many times.~salads coffee. 
I had the unfortunate luck of staying at the El Dorado with my husband and two children. I booked/paid for 2 nights and left early for the following reasons:  1. Reserved and paid for "deluxe" room which I was not given but instead got an unremodled room with dingy old furniture and bonus tortilla chips left in the chair cushion from previous guests. 2. Police on/around premises for several hours processing a stolen car and crime scene in one of the hotel rooms. 3. "Working women" staying in a room down the hall from us. I witnessed them snorting drugs with the doors and blinds wide open for everyone to see. "Clients" arriving and leaving their room all hours of the night and skinny dipping in the pool until after 3 in the morning. 4. There were no inside locks on the door, only locks accessible from the outside by a key, so we actually moved a large club chair infront of the door when we went to sleep.  HORRIBLE experience and I would not recomend this place to anyone, especially if you have kids!! RUN!~tortilla chips 
If I could award them 0 stars, I would. Simply put, they are horrible!   I ordered flowers through FTD & they were handled by this florist. Not only did they not fulfill the order as I placed it (for a 50th birthday gift for a lifelong friend), when I called them, they were condescending, rude & bashed the FTD company itself! That is their bread & butter as far as I am concerned, and, any disparaging comments toward FTD should have been directed toward FTD, not me. I was the consumer. I spent about $75.00 for these flowers, and, they sent a completely different arrangement than I ordered. When calling to ask about it, they were so rude!  You've got many choices for florists....keep your hard earned cash for another one because these people do not appreciate your business & they do NOT fill orders as you place them. They do whatever they want to do! They used cheap lilies....this is not a funeral arrangement, it's a celebration arrangement!!~butter 
The best time to come is during a sporting event.  It's completely dead on days the Steelers, Pirates,  and sometimes when the Penguins play.  They just raised their prices on the big front load washers from 5.75 to 6.25. They also do dry cleaning here but it's a little expensive for my taste. There's free coffee and different stores in the area to venture to while you wait for your laundry to wash and dry.~coffee 
I'm pretty angry with the system this company uses. They are clients of Valley Anesthesiology Consultants. I had surgery last January and was certain all my bills were up to date. Apparently, I was billed (FOUR TIMES) by the anesthesiology but my bills were returned to them because they had copied my address wrong from my physician.  Far be it for them to CALL me to correct the address. Instead, they sent me to COLLECTIONS with this agency.  Arrowhead ALSO did not bother to verify my address. They CLAIM they called my work and were told I was not employed here! No one on my staff would, or DID that! They did not call my cell phone.  They, TOO, send the bill to the WRONG address; a totally different one that the anesthesiologist sent. Thankfully, my mail carrier recognized my name and delivered the bill or I'd never known about it.  Then.. what happens to my credit after that??  Thankfully, I was able to call the anesthesiologists office today and PAY my ENTIRE bill, which is what I would have done immediately upon reception of the bill. When I asked why they hadn't just called me, I was told they are far too big of a company to bother to call clients.   This has been a lot of unnecessary work to correct an error anyone could have fixed by calling my doctor, or me. What an aggravation!~date. 
Jolie et chaleureuse cabane à sucre située à environ 45 minutes de Montréal.   Bon, par où commencer? En arrivant, personne ne nous indique comment le tout fonctionne, mais on nous indique les guichets où payer. Ok, ensuite? Après avoir signalé notre arrivée à l'hôte puisque nous avions réservé, on nous demande d'attendre dans une grosse salle qu'on vienne nous chercher...Grosse salle bondée de gens qui ont l'air tout aussi perdus que nous; des gens en file, des gens assis à des tables qui ont l'air plus qu'écoeurés d'attendre. Nous nous disons que puisque nous avons réservé, tout ira bien. Après avoir attendu 1 h 20 et nous être rendus compte que la file des gens n'ayant pas réservé avançait beaucoup plus vite, on annonce notre nom et on nous installe dans la salle à manger.   L'ambiance est festive et l'odeur.. Miam! Personnellement, je me dis que la longue et interminable attente en aura valu la peine. Notre très très sympathique jeune serveuse nous explique comment se déroulera le service. Elle nous a donc apporté les plats principaux à la table (omelette souflée, jambon, fèves au lard, flanc de lard, oreilles de christ, patates) et nous sommes allés nous servir une entrée (salades, soupe au pois) au buffet. Les plats étaient bien chauds et sentaient merveilleusement bons...sauf pour le goût d'huile/friture de la majorité des aliments. La soupe au pois était bonne, mais extrêmement salée. Les crêpes et les patates ne goûtaient que l'huile, après en avoir pris une bouchée je les ai malheureusement laissées dans mon assiette. Les salades étaient bonnes et l'omelette aussi. Les cretons étaient aussi délicieux! Je n'ai pas goûté aux autres plats, mais les autres invités de la table ont semblé apprécier.   Le service était rapide et courtois, mais nous aurions aimé avoir des verres et un pichet d'eau à la table...Tout ce salé et sucré....Ça donne soif! Notre serveuse nous en a gentiment apporté lorsque nous lui avons demandé. Nous n'avons pas consommé de boissons alcoolisées, mais je crois que les prix étaient raisonnables. Pour ce qui est de l'excellente tire, vous pouvez en profiter " à volonté " après le repas! Elle est servie dans une jolie cabane " La Sucrerie " à l'extérieur, près de la salle à manger. Il y a également quelques jeux pour les enfants et 3 ou 4 animaux (lama, chèvre...). Il est aussi possible de faire un tour de calèche pour 2 $ par personne.  Quoi qu'il en soit, j'ai bien aimé mon expérience, mais davantage pour la compagnie de mes ami(e)s et l'ambiance que la nourriture. J'ai aussi adoré aller faire une petite promenade dans les sentiers de la forêt derrière la cabane!~lard, lard, 
I was really excited to experience my first sugar shack in Quebec, so I decided to go with my university business group. The restaurant consists of a buffet style that treats you appetizer, main dish, and dessert. The ambience is very loud and crowded during the weekends, but it seems like a good place for family gatherings to enjoy some nice maple syrup!  The appetizer consists of chickpea soup and bread. It was quite bland as the soup only consist of chickpea and chicken broth. The main dish consists of polish sausage, huge omelette, fries, overcooked bacon, smoked blackforest ham, smoked ham that is served with maple syrup on the side. I was underwhelmed by its quality because anyone can cook this type of meal on a daily basis. Then comes the dessert: maple sugar pie and some timbit shaped dough along with a huge dough that's soaked in bread. Again, nothing special out of these dishes. Eventually, I had sugar overdose and I did not want to consume anymore maple.   Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of the food that came out to the table considering it was around $20/person (don't remember the exact price), but at least I can say I've experienced sugar shack in Quebec now...~chicken sausage, fries, bacon, pie 
This place is really great for lunch. Their menu has all sorts of salads, sandwiches and burgers, but I always order the chicken souvlaki! The steak salad is also a huge hit!   You can tell their food is fresh because it takes a long time to arrive, but it's worth the wait! I recommend going with no more than 4 people if you need to be out in an hour.~salads, burgers, chicken steak salad 
Jonathan's menu is full of fresh cuisine that has a flair for healthy Greek food. The chicken souvlaki was moist and tender and served with a good choice of sides. The ambiance and decor is warm and more upscale than your typical restaurant. The staff are friendly and attentitive. The Chef knows how to do prime rib just right! The patio is a fun place to meet for drinks after work. Overall a great place for a moderately affordable meal the entire family can enjoy.~chicken 
A Restaurant Makeover candidate... Stopped in for lunch, four years since my last visit.  I guess I was underwhelmed the first time, although it wasn't bad.  However, this time...  I ordered the Beef Dip, a lunchtime staple, and my daughter ordered Chicken Fingers.  My plate arrived with the fatty prime rib sandwich and a handful of standard restaurant fries--nothing more.  The other plate arrived with 5 dry chicken strips and a handful of standard restaurant fries--nothing more. The price with coffee and soft drink:  $35!  The environment reeks of neglect, peeling floors, worn walls, and flat screen's caked with grime.  During lunchtime, the only other (5) occupied tables of seniors talked quietly.  For $35, expect fresh instead of frozen institutional foods, and a comfortable environment.  The outstanding wait staff need to find a better place to work.  As for diners, walk half a block north to Graystone's for the polar opposite dining experience at the same price.~beef chicken fingers. sandwich fries-- chicken fries-- coffee 
I have traveled to many places and I have tasted great Chinese food. This restaurant does not have great Chinese food. Tonight I ordered the Chicken Hot and Sour soup. It was supposed to be spicy soup but it was not. I ordered General Tso chicken which was also supposed to be spicy. It had one pepper in it. The chicken was overcooked and dry. There was not enough sauce on the chicken and the rice was very very dry. The service was worse than the food. It took 20 minutes to get the waitress to take the order. My drink was only refilled when I was almost done eating and it was by a waiter that was not in my section. When I finally got the bill needless to say the waitress was not happy because she did not receive a tip. This by far was the worst service I have ever sat through. I would have walked out had I not been with my boss. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.~chicken chicken chicken chicken 
Coffee duck was crispy and came with 2 cold paper-crepes. Shrimp dumplings were good. Fried tofu was bland.Sauces on the several dishes we tried were equally uninspired and disappointing at best. Not on my list for a second visit.~coffee shrimp tofu 
Vintage motor lodge meets upscale Chinese.  I consider myself a creative person but I never would've 'thunk it.'  It seems to work; fantastic modern interior with plush seating and a unique menu.  I went straight for the duck and to my surprise there was 'coffee duck.'  Well why not hit two birds (well one duck and one afternoon coffee) with one stone.  Smoky roasted coffee flavor drenching a nicely de-boned, crispy duck delight.  I only ate a corner as I don't do carbs but the pancakes were wonderfully fresh for those that do.  Duck in sometime.~coffee coffee) coffee pancakes 
Madison's Bar and Grill is our go-to place when we are in Monroeville. The completely remodeled restaurant is trendy yet friendly and inviting. The staff is beyond fantastic and always go above and beyond to make sure we have the best dining experience. Another plus is that it's a good place to bring the entire family too (we have two kids). The huz often comes here for work lunches and he says it's a great spot for business meetings or taking a break from the day. The new menu is full of everyone's favorite comfort foods but also some delicious salads if you're feeling like you need to watch the calories that day. Affordable, clean, updated and friendly. Can't go wrong!~salads 
Staying in the hotel, and have been eating here all week.  Excellent fast breakfast and great salads.  Clean modern decor and great service.~salads. 
We arrived at 6pm on Saturday August 18th and didn't get out of the restaurant until 20 after 8. 2 appetizers (tiny portions), 5 entrees (dinner menu online is not the menu they offer in the restaurant), and 2 desserts (desserts were delicious). We had 4 dinners on the table and had to wait 15 minutes for the 5th because the hamburger and fries did not get ordered with the rest of the food. Menu says it comes with cheese, but it didn't. Pasta dishes say the come with bread but it didn't (they brought it out after we asked about it). Side of fries ordered but not received until we asked about it. Coffee drinks listed on dessert menu not available because they said they don't brew coffee at night (not sure why the put coffee drinks on dessert menu). We were the only customers in the dining room, cannot understand the very long time it took for dinner.~appetizers ( fries cheese, pasta fries coffee coffee coffee 
I came here with my sons and some friends during move-in weekend at ASU.  There were 8 of us all together and we all left full and happy.  I think we tried just about everything on the menu between the lot of us. The brisket, pulled pork, BBQ chicken, and hot links were all great.    There was a small mix-up with our order and my youngest son did not get his meal.  When the owner realized the problem, the brought out his meal along with a fantastic piece of lemon cake.  We wanted to try the peach cobbler but everyone was  too full.   The sides were a big hit too, including the beans, the mac and cheese, and the coleslaw.  The kids loved the fact that they served Kool-Aid. My iced tea was served in an old mason jar and it was very refreshing.    The food did not take very long to arrive and it was delivered personally my the owner and his wife. The owner,  Bryan Proby is a former ASU and NFL football player.  He is very personable and took the time to talk to our sons about ASU campus life and college athletics.    The restaurant is small but friendly, cozy and welcoming.  Bryan and his wife will treat you like you are family.~pork, bbq chicken 
I hate to be the one to lower the rating but I gotta be honest.   I had:  Brisket sandwich Beans Mac n Cheese  The brisket was waaay too fatty. I know, you gotta have fat to make a good brisket. But I prefer to have the fat removed after cooking, then slice the meat. Don't shred. Well, they just shred the meat...fat and all. Smoke? Where is the smoke flavor?? Not here...  Beans - nothing more than doctored up Ranch Style Beans. Actually pretty good.  Mac n Cheese - very strange, almost brown color. Taste ok but I think I might be too scared to eat it.   Sauce - they have  a regular and a spicy. I filled a take out cup with each and when I got back to work I couldn't figure out which was which. C'mon, if you're going to have spicy sauce then make it SPICY!!   I might go back to maybe try the ribs or hot links.~sandwich cheese cheese - brown 
Let me just start off by saying that the only reason why this place didn't get 5 stars was because of the wait time.  The food is amazing. Just the kind of BBQ joint I have been looking for. The ribs are fantastic nice and smokey, the baked beans are great. You have to try the sock-it-to-me cake they have, I can't explain it but it is AWESOME. That's what did me in.   There was a 10 minute wait just to order and a 20 minute wait to get my food but it was well worth it. I am definitely coming back and I live 45 minutes away.~cake 
I know the address is incorrect, but they opened a shop in Tempe on University and Priest.  This little Tempe gem is located in an awful little strip mall (but what isn't in Tempe) that has a tiny parking lot.  I have eaten there twice in recent time and the pulled pork is juicy and delicious and the smoked chicken was moist and satisfying. They have two sauces mild and spicy (three really if you count the vat of mild sauce heating on the counter in there dining area, has a very good smoky taste).  Both the sauces are delicious (I would say they are closest to Memphis style sauce (molasses and a tinge of tomato).     The dining room is tiny, reminds me of the tiny bbq shacks that I frequented when I lived in Tuscalooosa, AL.  The staff are very friendly and helpful.  The sweet tea is the closest that I have had to southern sweet tea in the valley.  Every side that I have had there has been delicious too, very homemade tasting.  The plates are a little pricey... 11 bucks for a huge meal, if they would include the large sweet tea it would be a good price (I am willing to pay for good bbq)  I will be returning to this place when I need to get my bbq fix!!!~pork chicken molasses tomato) tea tea tea 
I was looking forward for a good BBQ joint to set up shop in Tempe again since Big City BBQ got big time, moved out of their modest spot at Baseline and Rural and moved to Mesa.  Unfortunately, I just didn't feel the love for this place.  I went for lunch and got the lunch special which was a pulled pork sandwich with a small portion of baked beans and a drink (can of soda) for $10.  There are no other drink options besides a few sodas.  That is a quite steep for an average BBQ sandwich.  The meat was juicy, but not super flavorful.  The BBQ sauce they have is decent and helped flavor it up a bit.    The sandwich was large and I left full but with so much great food in Tempe and a few other good BBQ joints around town I probably won't stumble into this place again.    2 stars is appropriate... meh.~pork sandwich sandwich. sandwich 
Love, Love, Looove the BBQ here!! I have been here only a few times, the hubby works down the street from them so he gets thier food more than me ( yes I'm jealous). I grew up in the south so I need my fix. We walked in and it's a very small place only 2 tables set up no real room for eating. I tried ordering chicken ( trying to be healthy) the owner was cute, he said if you came here for real BBQ you don't order the chicken! I had to laugh, because I really wanted the Beef, so I went for it! We ordered the beef, french fries,cole slaw and the mac'n'cheese which they highly recommended. I WAS NOT DISSPOINTED, Instead I found myself very full and still wanting more!! They have incredible food and I crave it all the time! I just wish they had a location in Glendale or Phoenix, Tempe is just to far for us. I loved this place so much we ordered food from them for a small meeting at work. Unfortunatley the food didnt come in the way I had hoped. Mine was fine, but the rest of the ladies ordered chicken sandwiches ( of course) The chicken came as a half of a breast still on the bone with the bread covering it. Not what they expected, but  they said it still tasted excellent. Also the sweet tea came with sugar on the side and not in the tea..again not what they expected. Still- this place has the best BBQ in AZ!!  havent found anything in AZ that compares.Im still on the hunt for a place just as good in Glendale.~chicken ( chicken! beef, beef, french fries 
I got a BBQ chicken sandwich and all the bones came complementary! SICK!  I almost broke my teeth when I bit into it.  The service was even worse, the manager (I think) stood in the way of me ordering while he was talking on the phone about football for about 10 min.GROSS!~bbq chicken 
I love this place! Best baked beans i've ever had, they are spicy though which is why I like them sooo much. I'm also a huge potato salad connoisseur, I kinda try it everywhere I go when it's on the menu, and I like theirs' a lot! I always get Kool-aid too, I love that they have it. The pulled pork sandwich is the best! One of my favorite food joints in phoenix.~potato salad 
This is a great lunch spot in Tempe. It's a small place, but some of the best BBQ I've had in a long time. I've had the pulled pork and the beef brisket and both were excellent. The spicy BBQ sauce has just the right amount of spice and really makes the meal.~pork beef brisket 
I really would not recommend Nikki. The air brush make up was nice but she didn't like it when we told her we didn't like what she has done and kept saying she was the professional and she knows best! A few of the people in the group got the eye lashes and they all barley lasted until the wedding was over. They just did not stay on. Nikki was very pushy with offering other services and never told u the price until after it was completed and it ended up costing a 4times as much as it should. Look at other options when considering beauty I would not recommend at all.~barley 
Not the best experience here. One of the Worst fried rice I've ever had at a Chinese place. Their general Tao chicken tastes a little bit like cheap hot sauce.. Not amazing.. But not HORRIBLE. If no other place is open, this place will do for cheap Chinese in a pinch. Did not like that the owner insisted on a tip when I was ordering take out as well.~fried rice chicken 
where do I start with this place ?  OK they made our drinks and then didn't give them to us just let them sit on the counter while it took 25 min for our order. Oh and the girl put coffee cup lids on our drinks.  They skimp on things where they can .  A quarter of a pickle just thrown in your food? Not even a full pickle spear?.  Do not get the tazekie sauce it's way watered down!!I  The French fries were good after ya heated them up in the microwave.   They said they have a Italian sausage sandwich but it's not a sandwich they give you its just a polish sausage on a hot dog bun. The cheeseburger they offer is a frozen patty Qt burger with skimpy dressings on it.~coffee french fries 
I always get excited for mom & pop gyro shops, so it sucks extra hard when I am occasionally let down by them. I mean, the people are nice and all, but the food blows. No, I don't mean that as in it was simply disappointed, I mean that as in this could literally be the worst Mediterranean  I've ever had.   Where do I start?   OK, I was surprised with the generous portion of hummus. The little to-go box was heavy as a brick! Too bad there was an excessive pool of sesame oil on top that was already leaking out of the styrofoam when it was handed to me. Even worse, the hummus was quite bland and suspiciously bitter. Like...how do you mess up something this simple? I think the most horrifying part was that for what had to be at least a half pound of hummus, there was one tiny little serving of pita bread. Like, take a little 5" circle of it that you would buy from the store, heat it up, and then cut it in half. That's how much you get. Seriously, WTF man? I would have paid extra for at least a full serving of bread.  The gyro is arguably the worst I've had. It's on par with college cafeterias and places that totally don't specialize in them. This is supposed to be the main attraction. This is SUPPOSED to be the best item offered. It's terrible. As another reviewer pointed out, the tzatziki sauce tastes watered down. And there's barely any of it. And while there was ample meat, it was not only incredibly bland (you don't have to just prepare it as-is, you're supposed to add your own touch), but so mushy I was concerned with whether or not it had been cooked adequately. The fries are so forgettable I can't even comment on them. Their desserts are store-bought, and their fountain drinks are kool-aid...which is the only thing I enjoyed from my visit here. Black cherry for the win.  I usually reserve one-star reviews for some combination of bad food AND bad service, but this place is so terrible at doing basic meals, that I wonder if only a lack of competition keeps them afloat. If someone brings you lunch from this place, assume you did something to piss them off.~fries cherry 
Crossfit Magna is probably the best box that Ive ever gotten to call home... I still get nervous checking the website, or the whiteboard, everyday, but Ive been inspired by the coaches and the community of Magna to show up and do the work. Magna truly embraces everything that crossfit is about...infinite scalability, open and welcoming community, dedication, hard work...and of course, bacon.~bacon. 
Perhaps the very core of CrossFit to me is in it's purity. CrossFit is a reflection of what really lies deep beneath you. The very core of you. What you put in is what you get. Plain and simple. She will break you or make you in that regard - if you give her your all, she will open the very virtues of your spirit that perhaps your career and or personal life never gave you the opportunity to test and forge.   It is testament to where you are in life, where you want to go, and what you are willing to sacrifice to get there. We all like to think we embody the virtues we idol and praise, but CrossFit reveals if they are in fact apart of you.  This is what CrossFit Magna helped me find. And that very ethos found in CrossFit is directly embodied in the owners of Magna -  BK and Katie.   They take significant pride in what they have created and in my opinion I don't think BK and Katie will ever be content. Just like the athletes found inside Magna's box, there is a constant battle with content and mediocrity. Each WOD, each class is structured to help continue to forge the very best in each athletes goals. The most amazing part of  BK and Katie's coaching is that it feeds more than just the body but spirit and mind as well. They challenge all the core principals that translate to many other areas in life, not just CrossFit.   For that reason,  it is no surprise to me that CrossFit Magna is filled with special athletes. Athletes who seek to not only better themselves but those around them. BK and Katie are more then exceptional athletes they are exceptional human beings.   My three years in Arizona were the hardest years of my life but the few months spent here easily outweighed the bad times.   I now find myself in a new box, and I find myself missing Magna more then I thought I possibly could.   I try and hear my old coaches in my ear, I recall all the tips I received from each athlete at Magna, and I find myself engulfed in sadness because they are not there. The sport I was so engulfed by now questions my very love of it.    Those warm smiles I took for granted are missing. My fatigue sets in quicker as I struggle to find those familiar faces in my mind and I  realize : CrossFit is nothing without it's life line which is the special community found inside that special box. And just like that rare athlete found once in a century with an endless work effort and humble demeanor as if anyone can accomplish his feats, so too is CrossFit Magna. A box one stumbles once in a lifetime. I miss each and every one of them.  CrossFit Magna will always have my heart and I carry them with me as I face my new challenge within CrossFit   I envy anyone being able to call CrossFit Magna their home.   -Alex~sport 
Big Lots is Big Lots is Big Lots. They have discounted Garnier Fructis and Herbal Essences shampoo and conditioner, Dove and Old Spice deodorant, Revlon nailpolish, Pepto Bismol, and Listerine Whitening mouthwash. I don't care how pretty my cans of soups or tomato sauce are, so I stock up here. Sometimes I come on the right day and snag some hot dog or hamburger buns for super cheap too.   This location is clean and the employees will sometimes even smile at me. Praise the discount gods!~tomato hot dog 
This was my neighborhood Big Lots.  I bought stuff for my apartment here.  I bought gifts here.  I spend way too much time here wandering up each and every aisle waiting for the perfect thing to jump out at me.    If you've never been to a big lots, picture a Wal-Mart, squeezed down into a space not much larger than a Walgreen's.  Food, games, toys, crafts, kitchenware, cards, candles, frames, linens - all the departments are there - just much smaller.  And you could have a different grouping of stuff there every time you go - theoretically at least.  Some brands feel like they are always there, but it's hard to know which ones unless you've been going for quite a while.    To me, Big Lots is like a sport.  The competition is how good a deal you can get.  If you're willing to take a sticky bottle, dented can, or sometimes just an old label - it can be amazing.~sport. 
Service industry people take note !  Super friendly service . We wanted a Mc Flurry but they were cleaning the machine so we couldn't get one . They gave us a free pie to make up for it and apologized . We didn't need the free pie but the sincere apology was super nice .   Clean restaurant , lobby open till 11.~pie pie 
THIS REVIEW REFERS TO THE MICK DICK'S AT 386 BAGLEY RD IN BEREA, MEA CULPA. I went through a period of almost 23 without stepping into one of these shit shacks, but in my current situation-caring for 2 disabled women and being the runner at work-I'm FORCED to go to Micky-Dicks on occasion, that is to say I WAS forced to go, but never again. I went to get breakfast for the folks at work and tried to pay with $100 bill and was totally refused, no ifs, ands or buts. I went to Burger King, where I was served happily while using the bill. I called the corporate office because I'd been told by a banker that it was not legal to refuse any coin of the realm for the satisfaction of a debt. Corporate called the owner about the situation who in turn, called me and left a message. She said it was her policy not to take the bills because they had gotten 3 counterfeits and there was no way to recoup the loss. (With all the new watermarks, holograms and special paper used it is impossible to counterfeit this bill. The old bills, yes, can easily be counterfeited, but there's the marker that can be used to determine whether the paper is the special, government bond or not. And I'm the one inconvenienced because the retro-grade morons who work there can't handle a marker.) While leaving the message for me the owner allowed that I "might have had" a real bill, but it was her policy to not accept them. I "MIGHT HAVE HAD" implies that she thinks I'm trying to pass a bad bill, and for that I say to her GO FUCK YOURSELF, AND DO IT TODAY. Things are more expensive these days and many are carrying larger bills so their wallets aren't crammed full. Hell, Mick Dicks' slogan years ago was Mick Dick's "gives you change back from your dollar." Now you're lucky to get change back from your $20. I was using the drive-through and as soon as the woman saw the $100 bill I no longer existed, same with management. And so, for your purposes I no longer exist, there are plenty of places that WILL accept the bill, and with a smile. As I said, I went for 23 years without eating their poison (last time was in Marion, Ohio when they had a nice, julienne chef salad) and I think I'll easily be able to avoid going to ANY Mick Dick's for the rest of my life; after all, there are plenty of food places that don't promote obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure or heart disease.~burger salad) 
So, typically after a movie my best friend and I go to a fast food joint just to get a quick bite to eat. We decided to stop at this McDonald's because it was the closest.  The building is new it has been remodeled in the past few years and still looked nice inside.  I ordered just a burger and drink.  I went and got my drink (ice and Hi-C Orange) and I decided not to put a lid on.  I ALWAYS put a lid on but for some reason I just didn't last night.  After I ate my burger I went to take a sip and I looked in my cup and saw nasty white stuff floating inside all the way down and floating on top.  It was revolting!  I refused to drink that.. How the hell was I supposed to know what it was?!  So I went up to the counter to show them and ask for a new cup.  I explained I had white stuff floating in my drink and several workers began laughing.  Not one person apologized to me and acted put out when I asked for a new cup.  They were rude teenagers and very unprofessional.  I am going to be calling Corporate and reporting this.  Food was decent and hot.. But due to the unknown substance in my cup that will prevent me from EVER coming back here.  The workers was extremely rude.  That also is a big factor.  Stay away.. Unless you like being treated like crap and you enjoy white floaties in your drink.  ***EDITED:  I emailed a complaint about my experience and the owner of this McDonald's herself personally called me that night.  She was extremely upset and offered her sincere apologies. Also sent me a gift card and pulled up video/audio to see who it was that acted so wrongly.  I am very pleased that she took these matters into her own hands and just for that reasoning alone I am willing to give this specific McD's one more shot! **~burger burger white white white 
It is what it is, a McDonalds.  You get what you expect.  Inexpensive fast food.  They do have a value menu.  I do like the fries.~fries. 
As far as stores like this go, I'm a fan. I'm not big on supplements (or most supplement retailers), but hemp protein is delicious in smoothies and meal replacement bars are a must when you workout a ton and you need something on-the-go, so I do make regular shopping trips to stock up. The staff was extremely nice, and unlike most stores, the employees weren't pushy and trying to force unwanted, unproven products down our throats. They let me get the things that I wanted without any cross-sell and I was on my way!  The store is clean and organized, and the prices are on-par with most supplement stores. Honestly, I'm willing to continue to give this particular location whatever small price difference there may be on some products if the staff continues to be helpful and passive in their sales approach. It was appreciated and as positive of an experience I've had in this sort of retail space!~smoothies 
I like hitting Arahova every once in awhile for that Greek bad breath kick in the teeth.   This location has changed much over the last year or so. Previously, what it offered was at BEST mediocre food that lacked substance, the ingredients were suspect and the service was bad.  But over the last year or so, they came out with a new menu, the service is decent and the food is much better overall. Not perfect though.  My personal favorite is the Gyro "a l'ancienne". The tzatziki is very food and the ingredients are fresh. The fries are good and the salad is an odd combination of tomatoes and onions with some feta.  The price tag is a bit much for what it is worth if you stray from their combo menu and even that it pales to compare to some other Greek places of repute in Montreal.  I like visiting their place due to a severe lack of Greek goodness in this area but honestly when I can go for an extended lunch I much rather prefer to drive up to Sources to eat at Marathons.~fries salad 
This place rocks the block.  And SoPho *needs* to rock out every now and again.  Their donuts destroy anything that Dunkin Donuts cooks, or boils, up.  They aren't into that silly cake-donut fad, as DD has seemed to have fully endorsed.  Sure you can get them there, but its not their entire inventory.    Personally, i love the cherry frosted, which has tit-jabbed the strawberry frosted right off the top of my list of favorites.  Mmmm!  Their coffee is JUST right and is freshly brewed very frequently, you can just taste it.  As a topper, their prices are so ridiculously cheap, I always feel bad using my debit card thinking they must have to pay some sort of banking fee.    I try to spend at least $5 to make up for it, but two donuts and a coffee doesn't even add up to that ... plus, I won't make myself feel too bad for fear of becoming a fat and fleshy bargain-donut-hunter.  I don't know how many of you hang out in SoPho, but if you ever see yourself scoring a dime bag, swing by Donut Central while you're at it for some sweet munchies!~cake- cherry coffee coffee 
A coworker has been bringing in donuts from Donut Central for months now (since the last quarter of '09), and I've been meaning to write a few words of praise for their very tasty and light-as-air (Look Ma, no greasy fingers!) fluffly donuts that offer amazing great mouth-feel!  While I've sampled only a few varieties (plain glazed; plain chocolate-glazed; chocolate-glazed plain and chocolate donuts w/ crushed peanuts; maple-glazed plain and cake donuts; crullers; and solid and Bavarian cream-filled eclairs-- yeah, just a few), my favorite would have to be the crushed peanut-topped chocolate-glazed plain donuts.  The plain chocolate-glazed is a VERY close second, as I love the mocha-flavor the glaze delivers.  (Perhaps the peanut flavor overwhelmed my tastebuds so that I didn't notice the hint of coffee in the chocolate glaze that the crushed peanuts rested on, but I'd wager that the shop uses more than one flavor of chocolate glaze.)    It would be almost impossible for you to make a bad choice when selecting a donut variety here, if it weren't for the off-tasting Bavarian cream.  If you're looking for a delicious version, check out Bosa's.  (Too bad I won't be able to enjoy another one of those, though, as I had to endure a papule on my cheek for weeks-- one of many, less-painful symptoms I often have to suffer through due to food allergies.  Not worth it.)  Disclaimer: Don't know what the price-point is, as I've never had to pay for the boxes I've shared w/ other coworkers.  These donuts are so good, though, that I've had to ask donut-guy to stop bringing them in.  Coworkers who've invested hundreds of dollars trying to lose weight on the HCG diet had begun to wonder if I had a secret agenda.  Nope.  No agenda.  Just trying not to eat them all myself!  BTW, the jumbo croissants are d'lish!  They stay nice and fresh even when they're a day old!~cake coffee 
I love cake donuts so much, so I'm really glad I don't attend more gatherings like church services or potlucks where donuts are often served because I would be in serious trouble. Since I stay away from these types of events and therefore from temptation, I'm fortunate enough to only have a truly serious craving (the kind that will actually drive me to go online and look up the closest donut place) every so often.   The other day, after hearing about Dunkin Donuts' recent re-opening, I got one of these cravings - a serious, insatiable longing for a cakey, moist, buttery donut. Thanks to Yelp (and Eric P's review), I found this little shop right at the intersection of Central and Southern (right near the South Phoenix Ranch Market location).   My husband and I went in around 3 pm and got two cake donuts to try (one chocolate and one cinnamon crumble). They were only $.75 each, and they were absolutely perfect. The texture and flavor were exactly how they should have been, and we were especially impressed by how fresh (and not stale) they tasted for the time of day it was. Only problem now is to figure out how to not make this place (which is basically on the way from our house to anything we go to in downtown or Central Phoenix) a regular stop!~cake cake 
OK, I can't believe I haven't written a review on this place. I have been here on and off over the years for a good ham and cheese croissant. They never fail, and their donuts are delicious as well. Highly recommend...~cheese 
I've always liked 91.3 as a side show, nice alternative to the classic Pittsburgh radio stations.  But upon returning to the Burgh a few years ago after a 15 year hiatus minus holidays for a few days, they've really stepped up their game.   They used to be too singer song writingly which is cool a couple of times a week at the local coffee house, but 24-7 it becomes a bit much. That was the old 91.3, the new 91.3 is one of the best radio stations I've been exposed too.  Even in the age of Pandora, Spotify, and online radio, I've still discovered new music here and live music events as well. Rock On!~coffee 
This is great radio, indy rock, college rock, blues, oldies, and bluegrass all wrapped up in a public radio station not counting on commercials for income.   They have a great staff, who know what the music is all about. No morning shock jock Quinn and Banana routines. Just good non top 40 radio and NPR at the top of the hour.~banana 
Always pass by this place and notice the cute little take out containers. Decided to give it a try this time around, and I was anything but disappointed. Ordered a chicken stir fry with peanut flavor. Delish. The peanut flavor was more subtle than I had expected, but it was still nice. Definantly worth making the trip back. Try new things as well.~chicken 
This review is for this Thai Express at Yorkdale specifically.   It's the WORST Thai Express ever! Thai Express has my favourite pad thai, and it's usually pretty consistent across the locations (considering it's a chain). But this location left a bad taste in my mouth, literally.   First of all the customer service was horrible. The man that cooked my meal did not crack a smile and after I said thank you he responded with a mean stink eye. Second of all the food was really really bad. Noodles were overcooked and it was as if he forgot to put in the pad thai sauce as my pad thai looked overall watery and didn't have the normal colour to it. Obviously he didn't want to be there.   I was really disappointed because I've had Thai Express a lot and it's never this bad. If you're at Yorkdale, pick something else! Anything is better!!~thai thai thai thai, thai thai thai 
Decided to visit this location today and let me say, AMAZING.  It was not busy when I ordered so the cashier put in the time and effort to help me choose what I wanted. When I said that I'd come back she did not make a fuss about it like some stores do.  I ordered the Thai Chicken Fried Rice and it was mouth watering. It only took about 1-2 minutes to make but it was worth the nine dollars. I appreciate the positive attitude that the cook had. When he was done packing the rice, with the biggest smile he said, "Chicken Fried Rice, I hope you enjoy it!!" it was so cute.   Please keep doing what you're doing!~thai chicken 
Vegetarian Pad Thai was a heap of tasteless, gooey slop. Promised tofu was AWOL. Literally inedible. Straight to the trash can.~thai tofu 
After flying in to Toronto, picking up our rental car and preparing to head into the office, I decided to have a quick lunch at Thai Express in the Yorkdale Mall, near the office. BIG MISTAKE. Out of all the choices in the food court, I chose this? Why? This place is insanely busy. Guess lots of people want to get their Thai on at lunch. We get up to the counter. We order fried rice and pad thai. When I attempt to pay using my credit card, I'm told they only accept debit. I give the clerk my debit card, which clearly says debit and I'm told they don't accept it. I try proving to the clerk that it is, in fact debit, before becoming frustrated. I give her cash and ask sarcastically if they accept cash. We wait for 10 minutes. Our dishes are prepared. We were never given our drinks and had to return to the same server to request our drinks. She'd forgotten if we paid for them at this point and attempted to dispute. Look. Bottom line. Whole lot of drama for very little in return. Avoid the confusion, the hassle and the lack of taste, hit up one of the other vendors at the food court. You'll leave full, satisfied and with lower blood pressure. Also- tip- they only fill fountain drinks half way, so order the bottle. At least you'll know what you're getting. Thai Express- the express train to lunch hell.~thai thai fried rice thai. thai 
The food is over priced, the quality is sub par almost inedible. I ordered chicken and rice  And half the plate is rice and the other have is heavily breaded chicken.. I can barely detect any chicken.. And it cost 10 bucks. Ridiculous.~chicken chicken.. chicken.. 
The best meal Iv had in a long time!!!! It was my first time to this new food court and to thai express. I went around 12.  Ppl helped me choose a yummy meal and made it spicier for me.  They prep the food on the spot, it's not sitting in one of those buffet hot pots. I had the green coconut curry. I finished my plate !!! Can't wait to have it again!!~thai coconut 
Harry reid is.  Terrible. Used.  People with color. To gain.  Political. Gain to get ahead. Talks poorly about white race calls. Uneducated white men. Stupid~white white 
Congratulations to the Democratic party for being so divided that they can't even agree on a candidate to be considered for the general election.  Nice job fellas.  You're pushing a candidate who didn't even get a clear majority of YOUR party's votes lol.  What's one half of one half?  A quarter of the whole?  Why don't you just give McCain the keys to the White House already.~white 
Stopped in with my boy when we went to the pizza place next door.  Got to say, the cookies were OUTSTANDING and we really enjoyed the treat!  Prices were reasonable and they had a number of other treats that we did not get a chance to try yet including cupcakes.  Short story, per my son, try the chocolate explosion cookie.  (To me it seemed more like a brownie) He raved about it and really enjoyed it, so I know it was good.  I had a white chocolate chip cookie square and it was pretty darn good.  Good enough I want one again.  : )~pizza cookies cupcakes. white 
We have gluten allergies and this place is a go to for us!  The service is awesome and even though I don't give a lot of notice when I need something, they always come through for me!   If buying gluten free I would suggest getting something made the same day as cakes and breads can get more dense as they sit in the fridge.  Also it's important to serve them room temp or warm  this also helps with texture.  Their red velvet cupcakes are our favorite and when made fresh my party guests can't tell the difference.  And we love the glitter on the frosting too!  It's pretty expensive for the gluten free but that is our only complaint.  They do have rent to pay after all!~cupcakes 
First of all, I LOVE the name of this place :)  I'll be purchasing a t-shirt, lol!   I had the lemon & orange loafettes. The lemon was by far my favorite. The shop lady instructed me to heat them in the microwave before eating them & it does make a huge difference.  My daughter had a white chocolate pretzel stick, which she gobbled up & then drooled over the memory for days after. She also had a mini cupcake. She has concluded that the frosting is the best frosting she's ever had, so I'm going to go back for a cupcake next time!   The location is small, not a lot of room to lounge, but the service is very friendly.~lemon & lemon white 
Have had several desserts from this shop and the one word that comes to mind whenever I think of this place is "dry".   Every dessert, from the cookies to the cupcakes, to the loafettes are all d.r.y.   I wish I could say more but I think that pretty much sums it up.~cookies cupcakes, 
I stopped in to grab a dessert after lunch and got two cupcakes, one vanilla and one chocolate ($2.50 apiece).  Both were quite pretty, but not in an over-the-top-I-don't-wanna-eat-this sort of way.  Just piped-on frosting with colored sugar sprinkles and a white chocolate candy center. I had high hopes for these cupcakes since my daughter's birthday is coming up.  The vanilla cupcake had an unexpected texture.  Most cupcakes tend to be either airy and melt-in-your-mouth sugary or they are dense and moist.  This one was almost slightly grainy, a tad bit chewy, and crumbled a little too easily.  Because of that, I thought I'd perhaps purchased one of the gluten-free cuppies.  I know that rice flour can be pesky in the texture department, so was willing to forgive the texture.  I was sad to discover that the chocolate one was similarly grainy.  I think it just must be the recipe.  Flavor-wise, they were both very good and had none of the chemically aftertaste that some cakes have.  The best part of these cupcakes was the frosting, which was thick, buttery, and didn't leave a greasy filim in my mouth.  They definitely had a homemade taste to them that I liked.  I was disappointed that the only breads for sale were sweet fruit breads.  I was hoping to grab a loaf of crusty bread or some yeast rolls, but it was all sugary stuff.  The available choices weren't overwhelming, but there wasn't anything overly exotic, either.  I had hoped for a Chai cupcake or maybe a Black Forest one, but the cupcake options were simpler:  carrot, red velvet, chocolate, and vanilla.  The brochure says special order flavors are available, but there wasn't a list on the brochure or on the website.  I was also unable to locate any mention of what types of ingredients are used.    I'm not sure we'll be back.  The location is a bit out of the way for a quick dessert and the current selection isn't memorable enough for special orders, although if I'm in the area, I'd certainly consider it.~cupcakes, white cupcakes cupcakes cupcakes carrot, 
I stood in front of two counter people about 5 minutes; neither one acknowledged me, made eye contact or offered anything. I just got off a flight and was really hungry for a hamburger--this would have been my first at Smashburger. I went next door and had tacos instead.~tacos 
Like the other post suggests, the staff were a little rude and seemed very uninterested. The burger and fries are good though, filling and tasty. I really enjoyed my Oreo shake.~burger fries 
Patriots Square Park is a symbolic scourge of downtown Phoenix, whose demise I eagerly anticipate. Constructed in 1976 with good intentions, the 2.5 acre park was never a success. A charming amphitheatre looks like it would be perfect for a small jazz concert or other musical event, but to date I have never heard of a single concert playing here. Despite its location in the heart of our city's financial district, no downtown professionals I know ever spend any time there except to scurry past the bums, who've taken it over, to the elevators, which take them to the underground parking structure for the nearby courts and other buildings. It is, or was, to be avoided both day and night. The homeless have always run the place. Although the city cleaned and maintained it regularly, it still smelled like pee. If you dared to walk through it at night, you'd see cockroaches running before every step you took. It was nasty.   When the plan to demolish it for the new Cityscape project was proposed, some community activists put up a major fuss in protest. I don't know why and I don't care. I live in downtown Phoenix. I have taken 100% of my assets and hard-earned savings and invested them in this area. I'm here for the long haul, and I used my vote and my voice to support the new plans.   Patriots Park is no longer fully accessible, as it has been fenced off for future demolition.  Many people who grew up in Phoenix have nostalgic feelings about the place, because in its heyday I'm sure it was a much different experience. But it simply hasn't worked out in the long run. In keeping with the constant theme that is a part of our fine city, it is time to reinvent and move on.~date 
On the nights I truly want to impress my significant other, or when I hope to dislodge myself from the doghouse, I will plan an evening out that begins at the King Edward Hotel lounge.  Why?  It's a very elegant place to begin an evening that will at the very least impress, and hopefully allow you to start wedging your way out of trouble.  The King Eddie is one of the oldest hotels in Toronto and has a lot of history to it.  As such, once you start to roll in here, you begin to go up in your guest's esteem.  The lounge is an elegant throwback to cocktail lounges, not outmoded but definitely feels like mid-era James Bond lounge.  Dress up like a gentleman, in a nice suit, a hard shoe, and stroll in like you just got off the set of "Mad Men".  The martinis are fantastic here, and not the choco-cranberry-orange-papaya flavoured variety.  Get gin or vodka and have a dandy time.  If you start here, your only move is up.  So don't try to take her to Subway, unless you do truly enjoy the doghouse.~cranberry- papaya 
5 MINUTES could have changed my life.  A life without the consumption of Aroma Island's Beef with Noodle in Soup Taiwanese(Tainan) Style($5.99), as I heard the only other table's Mandarin speaking patron ask a weird question.  "Is that Beef Noodle?!?"  Before I went into the restaurant, I saw an AD written in Simplified Chinese for an Assistant Cook so I was suspicious then the LCD was showing CCTV which is China based TV station.  The waitress greeted me in Cantonese and the Menu showed plenty of Chinese/Hong Kong/Malaysian food with some distinct Taiwanese items.  The Beef Noodle? The Beef was Cumin spiced and grilled just like most Northern Chinese Skewer places.  The Soup was almost transparent except for Chinese Spices and the Noodles was shelf variety.  SKIP!  HahahaHaa...  Spicy Duck Tongue($9.99) was actually right for my taste except I wish it was a tiny bit spicier to give that Spicy Duck Tongue EXCITING enjoyment level.  There was even some Julienne Cucumber on top for your Vegetarian friends, sweet.  This leads me to think that Noodle is an afterthought and that they focus on mostly Appetizers and Mains as you can see that the Restaurant setting is made for dining experience rather than Quick&Cheap style.  You can also notice that too as their Menu had Cocktails & Wines that was unexpected.~beef beef beef beef cucumber appetizers 
Aroma Island describes itself as a restaurant serving Taiwan's gourmet but aside from Taiwanese fares there are also a lot of Cantonese items on the menu.  Lunch Specials from $5.99 includes a bubble tea which is excellent value!  Three Cup Chicken with rice ($6.99) - use of sesame oil, rice wine and soy sauce as the base sauce with ginger and basil to add the extra flavours - chicken was quite juicy and tender...cooking Three Cup Chicken can be tricky as quite a few restaurants I been to have overcooked the chicken and made them so rubbery and dry! - a healthy serving of broccoli which is a pleasant surprise!  Fish Yaki Cake ($5.25) - You see the influence of Japanese cuisine in this particular item as Taiwan was under Japan's rule from 1895 to 1945 - Chewy Rice cake wrapped inside Fish Cake and then lightly deep fried  - texture wise is really interesting.. I loved that chewy sticky soft feel of rice cake..  Both of the items we ordered today were both not too oily or salty...as Aroma Island prides itself as a new style restaurant that cater to the healthier lifestyle.  The interior of Aroma Island is decorated with this chic dark wooden theme, which is really common in most of the South Asian restaurants that were opened this last couple of years.   Services here was nice and friendly... Waitress speaks Mandarin/Taiwanese so I ended up have to communicate with her in English.~tea chicken soy sauce ginger chicken chicken chicken broccoli cake ( cake cake cake.. 
My wife and me dine at Aroma once a week by ordering 5 items from their comprehensive menu list. While it is a large menu, I have tried most of their dishes. My favorites are ox-tail in wok and spicy fish in salty mustard. Absolutely delicious when eaten with steaming white rice. U have to ask for their daily special dishes which is written on a whiteboard hanging from the restaurant wall. Ask the excellent waitresses about the specials. As the quantities are large, I always have enough left overs to last me for about 7 meals. For an average of $48 (plus tips), it is good value. Service is quick usually. U get  complimentary house soup to start off and u get oranges cut into quarters for each person as complimentary desert. They accept credit card. Place is clean. Washroom is clean as well.   Decided to type this report as I was googling for their phone number to make a reservation for Saturday night dinner with some friends to celebrate Chinese New Year one week early. :-)~white oranges 
We got the baby oyster mushroom with bok choy, fish filet with taro, and shredded pork with.. something. There was vegetables and tofu I believe along with the shredded pork. The first two dishes were delicious. The latter was mediocre. Still, the food came out decently fast and none of the dishes were too oily, which is a rarity amongst many Chinese restaurants! Great, authentic food. They use high quality ingredients and the portions are large as well. Best of all, the dishes do have a unique taste to them compared to other Chinese restaurants since I guess it's Taiwanese cuisine.~mushroom taro, pork tofu pork. 
Absolutely nothing to rave about here.  Went for an early Sunday lunch after debating what we wanted for lunch and we couldn't have picked a more mediocre place to dine at.    Ordered their beef noodles, beef wrap and a pork belly stir fry dish (don't remember the name of the dish on the menu) and we were most definitely victims of marketing.  All 3 dishes sounded great on the menu but what came to our table was a stir fried beef ho-fun (and it wasn't even that well made) and a stir fried pork belly dish with cabbage, green/red peppers and red chilies that had a hint of vinegar. The beef wrap probably the only saving grace here.  It was thin slices of beef wrapped in a scallion pancake with hoisin sauce and fresh green onions.    Oh and I have to give them some points for serving a decent house soup.  It was Chinese style chicken and lean pork soup with lotus root.  It tasted like it was simmering for a few hours and was definitely void of any MSG.  A true rarity for Chinese restaurant soups, especially those that came with a lunch meal.~beef beef pork beef pork cabbage, beef beef chicken pork lotus root. 
My husband and I were out on a date the other night and we decided to walk around the little square in downtown Chandler because it was all lit up for Christmas. That's when I discovered this new shop, it was love at first site for me. The clothes, the hats the jewelry.. I wish I could have bought the whole store. I told my husband "if you shop here for my Christmas present you can't go wrong". Beautiful shop, it will be my new addiction too.~date 
My Turkish husband was told about this place and it's the only place we like to go to get his favourite foods and teas such as sucuk, great selection of cheese, and other imports, spices etc. There are also many packaged foods that can help the cook who is not so familiar to the dishes. The owner is so friendly and helpful. The store is small but well stocked and very clean. If you want authentic ingredients this is the place to shop and you will enjoy the experience.~cheese, 
Just took a Turkish friend of mine to this nice, clean well-run place. It is close to Yorkdale, and features almost exclusively Turkish imports. They claim that they have 'authentic' soujouk (my friend bought some), but the reviews are not in.  They have the best Turkish kefta mix to flavour ground beef, or better yet a mixture of beef and lamb. If you are a jam or Honey lover, you should try some of the Turkish Jams, as they are almost as well known as the Attiki Honey from Greece and just as delicious.  They have a good selection of both olives, and olive oils and their prices are reasonable. They also sell a few turkish gift items, the most known of which is the ceramic 'eye' that chase bad fortune.  They have a sister store in Montreal which I have never visited.~beef, beef lamb. honey honey olive 
This used to be my go to place for Turkish groceries till an alternate opened up in danforth that is more accessible. Good variety of Turkish items and decent selection of cheese. Their selection of sujjuck (Turkish pepperoni) is somewhat limited as they had only two options on my last visit. They have a dedicated freezer for house made batsrama and sujuck which is a great thing. Good options for olives including some prepackaged ones which I enjoy quite a bit. They carry the some stove top Turkish tea and coffee makers.  A decent ethnic store IMO though I wish they had a bigger store.~cheese. pepperoni) tea coffee 
We used Clear for our internet and VOIP.  Becuase we now have a business our of our home we moved to Cox Business Service.  I called to cancel the service and have never been more frustrated in my life.  They start off by asking a question to verify that I am the person attached to the account.  This is fine until they asked my email address, mothers middle name, day my last payment was made, the last 4 digits of the credit card used, and the billing date on my invoice. After all of the questions were answered they said they could not help me because the account holder needed to call. I am the account holder.  They said no you are not a woman you are a man.  Now I know my voice is kind of low but this was quite insulting.  I will never use this company again.  It took 32 minutes on the phone, finally after finding a supervisor who went thru all of the security questions again, they transferred me back to the first person and cancelled the account.  It takes less effort to get $100,000 out of my bank account.~date 
A nice Saturday lunch with my husband to Mumbai Mansion.  We are here fairly frequently and this time it is with a "living social" discount voucher.    I like the veggie & non spicy options they have on the menu but I was a bit disappointed that they could not accommodate my request to add paneer Indian cheese with my vegetable korma, even though I advised I was happy to pay the difference in cost.    The staff are attentive and the food is very prompt and tasty.  The restaurant is spotlessly clean and well presented.   A nice touch is the place mats that are done as the Calcutta new paper and you can sit and read their news articles which are humerus.    A great local Indian restaurant which I will be back to soon no doubt.~paneer cheese 
Just been here for a meal , the food was fantastic really tasty fresh herbs used in the preparation of the food ,( no dried spices ) chicken was tender in the ( Goan vindaloo ) my wife is a vegetarian & she said her dish was the best she Has had in a long while. We were served by a waiter called Mitu who explained the menu with us & he was not to pushy trying to coax us into the most expensive dishes & drinks on the list ( not like other restraunts I could name ) We will definitely be going back there in the near future to sample this Great Indian .~chicken 
My son and girlfriend went to this restaurant tonight.  They are not registered users of yelp and asked me to put in a good word for the Mumbai.  They had the  pasanda and the lamb rezala.  They said both were excellent.~lamb 
This No Frill is more organized & cleaner than some. I was surprised to see things like Almond milk here. Usually they don't have that many alternatives to the regular kitchen supplies.~almond milk 
This store is now Richard's No Frills.  Once again, flyer items were unavailable on the first day of the sale.  Spoke to owner who said that while he ordered, this particular supplier failed to deliver.  Really?  What about last week and the week before that?  Owner just cannot get his act together.  Recently, fellow customer complained that jar of peanut butter's best before date had expired.  I added that I saw No Name boxed chicken had been recalled due to salmonella threat, yet boxes were still in bunker at this store.  Their price match policy changes on a weekly basis.  Shopper's Drug Mart appeared and then disappeared from list of stores included.  Their shelves are sometimes empty of staple items like bread and milk.  With the exception of some cashiers, the staff is not helpful and provides inaccurate information. On last visit, (1) flyer items unavailable because not delivered,  (2) ran out of another flyer item on first day of sale,  (3) refused to price match item because I supposedly chose wrong item (later relented when I showed item on my phone), and finally (4) charged incorrectly for item and now have to return for price adjustment.  Owner did not apologize for any of this, the bare minimum when customer has received poor service.  It was always someone else's fault.  Discussed incident with friend who confirmed that the store is the talk of the town at her condominium.  She said that she went on three separate occasions the previous week for advertised item and it was not available.  Staff unhappy because owner has hired all his relatives creating bad morale.  Another friend said that she had gone to price match eggs and was told that store no longer price matched that competitor which was Shopper's Drug Mart which is part of the same company.~butter date chicken milk. 
This store mysteriously appeared in Edinburgh one day, I think because it is so well hidden between Pizza Hut and Thomas Cook that you really need to be standing in front of it to see it.   This shop will make all your candy dreams come true. It brings back memories of childhood with all those sweets you ate when you were five but stopped eating a long long time ago. Things like Bubaloos, Atomoic Firebombs, Candy Watches, sweets 'Out the Jar' (e.g. Bon Bons, Sherbet Lemons, Rhubarb and Custards), the list is endless. There is also a great selection of fudge, chocolates, rock, liquorice and lollies. Basically any form of sweet you can imagine, they stock!  Oh and the gifts! They fill these little cute tubs with things like Dolly Mixtures and wrap it up and bang! There is a great gift. Or they get these big tubs, fill them with a variety of sweets, make it look pretty and there is another gift! So simple, but they make the best gifts. I bought so many little tubs of sweets here as little extras for Christmas presents and my friends loved them.   They have also started stocking cupcakes which look to delightful to eat! This shop is just so damn cute, girly and sweet that I just can't help going in and buying things whenever I am near.  This shop should carry a warning as it has serious potential to rot your teeth!~pizza rhubarb cupcakes 
I saw 'Yankee Sweets' and I had to go in.  While I was expecting many more Yankee Sweets, I did appreciate what they did have:  Twizzlers, Butterfingers, Baby Ruth, Reece's Pieces, Mr. Goodbar, Whatchamacallits, boxes of Lucky Charms cereal, etc.  I don't know if these are solely Yankee, but they also have white chocolate Reece's Peanut Butter Cups, which I love and usually can't find!  The store is cute, even decked out with a slushy machine and I thought the prices, especially for the American candy were fairly cheap!  I now know that I can top up my American candy stash when I visit Edinburgh!~white butter 
Normally I'm not a fan of liquorice, but the ones they sell here are awesome!   They have liquorice filled with caramel (very good), lemon.... My favorites are lemon and coke, vanilla, fizzy apple, and orange.  They are not like your typical liquorice-simply delicious!  I found the mint one really weird though-not a fan of that flavor.  It's 30 pence each.~caramel ( lemon.... lemon coke, apple, 
I'm normally not inspired enough to write Yelp reviews, but after having a white hot chocolate at I Love Candy I felt that I had to! It was amazing!  I've been trying hot chocolates all over the UK (I don't drink tea, so any time my friends want a tea, I get a hot chocolate). I Love Candy's was *hands-down* the best I have tried! Also, at something like 2.25 pounds it was a deal, roughly the same price as a hot chocolate at one of the chain stores. However, this one was made from "Belgian chocolate chips" and it showed! Well done, I Love Candy.  The decor is almost dizzyingly pink and cheery, but when the employee (or owner) had a properly cheery disposition to match, it all seemed right. The candy selection looked great, although I didn't check it out so much.~white tea, tea, chips" 
If I don't watch out my sweet tooth is going to lead to sour gums, so it was with amazing restraint I popped in here and ordered nothing more dentally challenging than a latte and a cappuccino.  We sat supping our drinks from a table in the window watching the world go by.  All in all not too bad but something missing in the detail.  It's a small shop, so i wasn't surprised the coffee was served in paper cups to avoid washing space.  I'd have a preferred a proper mug, but not possible. I did however hear the funniest thing when I collected the drinks from the counter.  The shop keeper apologised that there was no chocolate to sprinkle over the top. Not the greatest admission when stood in the middle of a sweet shop. And if you buy a coffee just up the road in All Bar One you get a wee tumbler of smarties.  So might have been a nice touch in an actual sweetie shop to pop a choc on the side of the plate - a refresher chew would have been better still! Sadly not to be.  The coffee side of this enterprise is really set up for quick take-away, the tables just window dressing. On this level it works reasonably well.~coffee coffee coffee 
The latest addition to Edinburgh's sweet and chocolate shops, I Love Candy is at complete contrast with established businesses like Toddle In and Lickety Splits. Whilst the latter both have an old fashioned vibe with friendly staff and a welcoming atmosphere, I Love Candy is camp as Christmas. The walls are painted with bright pink stripes, the shelves are gleaming white and everywhere you look, there's multi-coloured hampers and bags of goodies.   Naturally, I Love Candy's colourful interior is reflected in their prices with bags of sours and fruit fizz balls costing a whopping £2.50 a quarter. If the steep prices and kitsch decor don't put you off, you'll be interested to know that the shop sells a varied selection of sweets from fudge, nougat, rock, sherbets, fruit gums and chewits to giant gobstoppers. Intreguingly, they also stock a variety of original Scottish sweets including Chelsea Whopper bars, handmade Macaroon bars, Butter Tablets and Lucky Tatties. The latter are made from hard fondant covered in cinnamon and look like mini Wagon Wheels!~white butter 
Went here looking for dim sum after reading some reviews for "Number 2 Restaurant" and found that the sign now says Ivan's. However, they still have the all day dim sum banner out front, so we went in. One table up front was leaving as we were coming in - otherwise the place was empty for Saturday lunch.   There is a full menu on the table, and the waiter brought us the paper dim sum menu. We ordered the har gow (shrimp dumplings), vegetable+shitake dumplings, cha siu bao (steamed bbq pork buns), zong zi (wrapped rice), luo bo gao (turnip cakes) [they had trad'l with pork and shrimp, and a vegetarian one with mushrooms], one of the steamed rice rolls and one other dish. We ordered too much for just two of us and had trouble finishing it all. The luobogao was good (not greasy like it can be at other places), as were the har gow and buns. My partner liked the spinach in the vegetable dumplings, but I was disappointed to not be able to taste the mushrooms in it.   Overall, the food was OK-to-good. Price (before tip) came to $22 for the 7 dishes we ordered.~shrimp bbq pork 
Ordered delivery through Just-Eat.ca this weekend, with mixed results.  Order was based of Vegetarian Spring Rolls ($1.25 each), Chicken Sticks (3 for $3.95),  and Chicken Wings (4 for $3.28 off the Dim Sum menu). Mains included General Tao Chicken ($9.50) and Curry Fried Rice Noodle with Shrimp and Pork ($7.95), and Chicken with Vegetable on Rice ($6.50).  Spring Rolls and Chicken Wings were both generic but decent. The General Tao Chicken was some of the best I've had in Toronto yet. Perfectly cooked, lightly breaded chicken with diced brocolli, absolutely swimming in sauce leaving enough to pour over rice and such. Fantastic stuff. The Curry Fried Rice Noodle was okay, but a little dry, especially on the re-heat. The one weird thing is that no where on the Just-Eat website menu was there the ability to order a side of steamed rice. So just to make sure we had a good amount of rice for the General Tao Chicken we ordered the Chicken w/ Veg on Rice which was okay, nothing special but I had low expectations as I wanted it more for the rice than anything. But lets talk about the Chicken Sticks. They were skewers of chicken which looked pretty good at first, but within the first bite noticed they were a bit pink inside. As I actually cut the remaining pieces off the stick we realized that the rest of that chicken was bordering on uncooked rawness.  We threw them out after that, but would be afraid of what could've happened if we ate them.  So overall, if this was just based on the General Tao and a Spring Roll, I might have been giving a 5 star review. But with the inconvenience of the rice situation, the mediocrity of the other items, and the most importantly the uncooked Chicken Stick, I'm giving this place a 3 star review, and just barely.  On the redeeming side, they did have delivery on Christmas Day.~chicken chicken chicken ( fried rice shrimp pork ( chicken chicken chicken chicken fried rice chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken 
I have tried this take out on different occasion under new ownership and still does not come up to my standard of fish and chips , the main problem with to me as well is the cleanliness , of the place I know its been there for à long time but still nothing to do with keeping the place clean ,has for the food i find there is too much batter not enough fish , and there chips too soggy~chips , chips 
Have to agree with the other's on this ... Came here once ...haven't gone back . Too much badder on the fish , which might be a good Thing on this occasion ...why ? You ask !  Well the Oil looked super Dirty ...so all that badder protected my poor Fish from sucking in all that nasty flavor which it still did regardless...anyways ....if your in this plaza for any reason other than using the  TD bank or food basics or the Bakery and you get hungry ......then eat at the bakery but read my review on the bakery first lol.... anyway ..... To end this it's simple It be nice to have a great fish and chips place in the plaza / Area ..All they need to do is freshen up the fish  Clean the place and fryers and take some pride .~chips 
Lunchbox heaven does exist!  Our events manager recently organized two corporate events (technical training sessions more specifically) and was looking for a good caterer. I shared a few suggestions to her but definitely recommended her to try out Europea Espace Boutique. Given that we had to order for a crowd of more than two dozen, we ended up order ordered a variety of lunch boxes which included a sandwich, salad, a dessert and a drink. Boy were we in for a treat!  Lets just say that the little details make the whole difference! Instead of regular pop there was an assortment of san pellegrino lemon or orange drinks or Perrier. Most tasty sandwich was the spicy italian sausage although the beef and cheese was good too. As for the salad, I'd recommend to try the tomato & fresh mozzarella or the orzo salad. And as for desserts, definitely go for the chocolate mousse or crème brûlée!  For $10.99 or $13.99 you will not be disappointed. The fresh and quality of the ingredients and careful attention to preparation and assembly is simply remarkable - and they deliver on time!   Will definitely have to order again and try other menu items! Jérôme Ferrer you sure know how to deliver on your promise!~sandwich, salad, lemon sandwich sausage beef cheese salad, tomato & mozzarella salad. 
Lately I've been on a macaron kick ( not to be confused with macaroons), these pastel colored, light,  sandwich cookies are a personal favorite.  The macaron were okay, my favorites were the olive oil and the strawberry, but the fillings were only okay  What I was really impressed with here were the canelles  carmelized crust and eggy custardy goodness in the middle.    Overall I'd give the macaron 3 stars, the canelle 4 stars, and the prices 3 stars giving them a 3.3.  The service and the cool housewares in the boutique added to the experience, but I was really hoping for something better with the macaron~sandwich cookies olive 
I gave this place 4 visits before posting my review... That's how much I wanted to like it.  1- All the sandwiches look amazing, but taste bland. The bread is often too hard. 2- The salads are ok but very simple, nothing that would make you think they are made by a chef. 3- The soups: horrible! Both myself and my colleague were not able go finish it. 4- Desserts are very good BUT, 2 times out of four, the cashier took our desserts with HER hands, without washing them or using gloves. She basically works the cash and the dessert counter and does not use any other tool than her hands. For me, that is completely unacceptable. If you do that in front of customers, imagine what goes on in the kitchen. I will not be returning.~salads 
I really like the box lunches here, try to go twice a month.  There are multiple Europea establishments, this one in particular is on Rue Notre-Dame, and is open for lunch, where they server box lunches.  And the other is on Beaver Hall for dinner and more upscale dining.   A box lunch here includes a sandwich, dessert or salad and a drink, aux choix.  I typically take the beef and pesto sandwich, a pesto orzo and olive salad, and a peligrino.  The sandwiches are high class sandwiches on good bread with top choice ingredients.  Once you select a sandwich, it is grilled panini style.  They put it all in a fancy reusable canvas bag and after tax it's about $12.  Add a dessert and you are at about $15.  The desserts are out of this world, from individually sized key lime pies and maple syrup/walnut pies, to macarons.    Another plus is the loyalty program, after 10 stamps on a Europea card you get a free box lunch.    They also have vegetarian options, like portobello mushroom or smoked salmon sandwiches.  bon appetit indeed!~sandwich, salad beef sandwich, olive salad, sandwich, lime mushroom smoked salmon 
Delicious sandwiches! For just $10.99 + tax you get a choice of sandwich, drink, and either a dessert or a salad.  I ordered the chicken, cilantro, pesto, and brie sandwich, and got the chocolate profiterole.  The sandwich was absolutely delicious. I'd never thought to put cilantro on a sandwich and it gave it such a great kick.  The bread was super yummy (living in America, I really miss excellent bread).  The profiterole was yummy, rich but not overly sweet - great for chocoholics :)~sandwich, salad. chicken, cilantro, sandwich, sandwich cilantro sandwich 
Même si Pierre Brassard affirme qu'un panini, s'tun grilled cheese, il reste que ceux-là sont excellents et la boîte à lunch à 11$ est formidable. J'ai pris au boeuf aujourd'hui et c'était très bon.  J'ai pas goûté au reste du comptoir mais ça avait l'air très bien.  La déco est à l'avenant et il n'y a que 3 ou 4 tables max, donc la clientèle ici est surtout pour emporter ou en traiteur.~cheese, 
Test ce midi de leur formule.  Pour 14,90$ un sandwich (bons et originaux), une salade (choix entre salade de pate, crudité, etc), un dessert et une boisson. Le choix est intéressant et ce que l'on mange est bon mais je trouve cela un peu cher tout de même pour ce que c'est.  En plus je trouve ça dommage qu'ils ne réutilisent pas leurs contenants en plastique pour les salades, je leur ai demandé et ils les jettent alors qu'ils pourraient tout simplement les nettoyer pour les réutiliser.  En l'état c'est sympa mais pas convaincant pour le prix payé.~sandwich ( 
This is a great place to get lunch and the prices aren't bad at all considering the quality of the product you get.  The cheapest option ($10.99) is to get the sandwich, choice of salad or dessert and a drink.  You will thoroughly enjoy your meal and it is miles above the usual food court fare most people usually eat for lunch.~sandwich, salad 
I was on a quest to find macarons that were excellent. I did not find that here. Although the boutique was nice and had attractive retail items, the macarons could have been better. The first thing I noticed was the really bright colors of the macarons. Perhaps it is because I am not one for food color or am a stickler for perfection. The macarons were stored in a refrigerated case in a glass cup, piled on top of one another. And, the sizes of the tops and bottoms did not match- there were large tops with small lopsided bottoms. Not the ideal look for a macaron. Despite their appearance and thin selection, I had to try them. The raspberry with caramel filling was actually very good. There was also a mint chocolate chip, pistachio, and black & white with chocolate filling that tasted "ok". Nothing spectacular, but not terrible either. I would try other places before returning here.~caramel white 
Mandie, now of Amanda Red is fantastic.  From our very first meeting with her we felt at home and very comfortable.  Our package included the engagement session which was fun and she was a great sport showing us a few places in town (we are new to Madison) and allowing us to take her to a few of our favorites.  On wedding day is when it really drove home how valuable she is.  The photography is beautiful but she and her assistant Nick became friends and close confidants.  When someone would ask us a question, we could look at her for the answer.  When it was time to get away from folks she was quick to wisk us away and capture the private moments.  When family photos came along, she was in charge of some very strong personalities and had control of the situation, getting every photo WE, the couple, wanted.  I know if we had to do it all over again, we wouldn't want to do it without Mandie.    Thank you for everything, the sneak peak photos are stunning and I know the album will be stunning.  Thank you for your professionalism, timing and friendship.    Folks, if you are looking for a photographer, hire Mandie, you won't regret it.~sport 
Dr. Agren is simply the best.  I've been dealing with my allergies for years now and I'm always suffering from major congestion and coughing.  My allergies this month graduated to bronchitis and I was put on antibiotics and 3 inhalers...I just needed a better solution.  Per referral from a friend, she suggested I check out Family Allergy Clinic because she is a current patient there.  And I'm glad I did. One cortisone shot later (which didn't hurt), my coughing has subsided.  I've been put on this no-shots/serum treatment.  It has worked wonders for my friend.  So I look forward to getting better with this.  One main thing I want to highlight is how friendly and warm the staff are at this place.  It is also decorated like a home, and not like a standard doctor's office.  Dr. Agren is just so kind that he reminds me of my late grandpas.  I highly recommend this place if you can't take your allergies anymore.  Fun fact: I'm extremely allergic to corn fields. Where are the corn fields in AZ?~corn corn 
Dionne's Meats is my family's favorite WSM meat vendor. We shop there every time we are at the market. The Italian stuffed pin wheels are the best!  My daughter is upset if I come home without them. The service and the quality have always been great. Also try the chorizo stuffed mushrooms! Yum!~mushrooms! 
Visited as they were about to close on a Friday. The guy behind the counter was super nice. I purchased some stuffed peppers and he wrote the cooking time and temperature on the wrapper. I made them for lunch today and they were fantastic! Just the right amount of heat in the pepper and the sausage was delicous. I will visit them next time I am the WSM and try something else.~sausage 
Chorizo and Pork sausage for chili!!!! Well I like to poke around WSM when I am in the mood for cooking and Got some very nice meat to start chili! I grab a handful of Campbells popcorn and start to scout what I am looking for and let things fall into place. At the end of it all I find myself standing in my kitchen with beer in hand constructing the most robust chili any humam can conjur!!!!!  YUM!!!!!!~pork sausage popcorn 
We bought some ground chuck and a couple of porterhouse steaks, and they were fantastic. They have a great variety of meats in tradional cuts as well as specialty choices. I highly recommend them.~steaks, 
Dionne's is our WSM meat stand of choice. They're probably have the biggest selection of meats in the market and have 3 separate stands that each specialize in a certain type of meat - poultry, beef, and pork.   A good portion of their selection is specialty meats such as stuffed peppers and stuffed pork chops. All of it is good and the staff are helpful with cooking instructions. Make sure you pick up a card so you don't forget how to fire it up when the time comes. Prices are reasonable as well.   If you are just looking for just a plain cut of meat, they have those too but you may want to shop around and find which butcher suits you the best. They are all unique and have their own forte.~beef, pork. pork 
Been coming here to score my chicken thighs for a while.  Always cuper friendly and priced way cheaper than Giant Eagle.  Can take a while to get waited on if they are busy though.  ;)~chicken 
I got a variety of the turkey and chicken sausages from Dionne's, and cooked them this past weekend on the grill.  The staff were very friendly and knowledgable about the products.  They gave me a card with cooking instructions for the sausages since I hadn't purchased them before.  I thought the sausages were a good deal at $4.49/lb (each link is about 1/3 lb).  I was told to either use them within 2 days or freeze them because they contain no preservatives.  We tried the "red, white, and blue" (cherry, cream cheese, and blueberry) chicken sausage, spicy chorizo chicken, cilantro lime chicken, tequila lime chicken, 4 cheese, and mild Italian (I don't remember if those last 2 were turkey or chicken).  We just cut them all up so everyone could try a little piece of each.  The spicy chorizo and cilantro lime were the group favorites, and I would make a special trip back to the WSM just to get more of those.  I took a risk on the red, white, and blue because I will compulsively try any food that sounds wierd, but even I didn't really like it.  I like their spirit though, and hope they keep experimenting with flavors!~chicken white, cherry, cheese, chicken sausage, chicken, cilantro lime chicken, lime chicken, cheese, chicken) cilantro lime white, 
This nicely organized and super-clean grocery store has lots going for it:   friendly helpful staff and prices that aren`t outrageous for a downtown location.  There`s  a very nice selection of slab cakes (we tried the $4.99 gooey and rich strawberry cream cake)  and prepared foods.  Street parking.   Free valet parking with a $15 purchase somewhere (check the sign at the front of the store...we missed it!)~cake) 
update: This  store is now open from 7 AM to midnight This is a much larger Sobeys compared to the other offering serving this area. It is open 24 hours so kudos for that though I am guessing it is has its work cut out for it as the other 2 main chain stores are also 24 hours.  Selection is decent with my favorite being the meat counter as there are some deals to be had when they have specials on Beef items. Quality is pretty good as they do offer AAA cuts of meat. They have been accommodating in the past when I bought a whole fillet that was on special and had it cut to my liking for steaks (normally they won't do that if if you buy the whole fillet) Seafood area is OK and has fresh seafood. Now don't be surprised by the prices as they are high (hey its Sobeys after all) I would recommend just signing up for the Sobeys card to get the aeroplan points (they have a 1 aeroplan for 2 Sobeys points earn ratio) and if you happen to have a credit card that gives extra points for shopping at grocery store you can double dip here :) To tell you the truth I mainly come here to make Aeroplan Mileage runs (yes one can do that when they have the mouth watering 1000 points promos on some items) as they do sell out quick in the smaller Sobeys that is much closer to me.  Overall a decent store though it doesn't offer much extra in terms of variety or prices.~beef steaks ( 
Way better experience here than the one we had at Snuggle Bugz a couple days earlier.   Marlene's actually had the item we wanted in stock...what a concept! Such a pet peeve of mine when a store has an item out on display, only to learn that it's not actually in stock and nobody can tell you when it will be available for you to purchase.  Marlene seemed genuinely interested in helping us and was happy to show us, clueless parents-to-be, the different features of the car seat we wanted. It was a relief to cross such an important item off our list as we were kind of cutting it close to my due date...   I'll definitely be back for other baby necessities that I'll inevitably need in the future!~date... 
Delicious food, clean seating, friendly staff. We ordered 2 dishes - Jerk pork with rice and peas + Curry goat with steamed rice. Both were absolutely delicious. I could not finish the large pork dish (too much. I should have ordered the smaller version). Staff were friendly and very helpful with regards to the questions we had about the food. This is probably the best Jamaican restaurant in Mississauga.~pork peas pork 
Best Jerk Chicken I have ever had and I have had it from many different places.    Highly recommend and you must give it a try at least once, you won't be disappointed!~chicken 
Awesome service, great quality food.  I've been to a few Jamaican restaurants and haven't had it taste like a home cooked meal.  Portions are large here and good always fresh.    What do I like?  Question is, what don't I like! Jerk pork, Jerk chicken, Ackee and Salt Fish, Oxtail, Fried chicken and Chicken foot soup!  Soo good!~pork, chicken, fried chicken 
If I were to ever order Jerk Chicken over my more favored dishes: oxtail and or curry goat, it would be from Islands. The chicken is cooked and seasoned to perfection. Tender, moist, and perfectly flavorful. The portions are always humongous, and service fast!~chicken chicken 
I came here because of the high rating and it didn't disappoint. I had a small jerk chicken even though the large is only like $1.50 more and it was fantastic. The portion was ample and the sauce made it extremely flavourful as well. The staple rice on the side was a great side that I pretty much dumped on the chicken and had it all together. Some of the best jerk chicken I have ever had and will definitely be coming back.~chicken chicken chicken 
By far the best jerk chicken and jerk pork I've ever had. No exaggeration.   The chicken is perfected to the tee.  Crispy on the outside with just the right amount of spice and soft and juicy on the inside.   This place honestly is a gem. Cannot compare to any of the guys in Toronto (sorry)    Not to mention the friendliest service!!!!!  Highly highly recommended. Can't go wrong here.~chicken pork chicken 
Clean location, and fast. The guy that made our sandwiches was friendly and joked around with my kids when they traded in their "Free Cookie" coupons that they got from the Dbacks game.  Subway, in general, not just this location, has really skimped down on everything the last few years. I don't go to these shops often, but even since the last time I have been to one, the meat and the toppings seem to be getting less and less. Back in the 90's, this was the place to get HUGE sandwiches. Not that we need to be eating humungous servings, but I rather have tons of veggies instead of a sandwich that's mostly bread.~sandwich 
Stopped here for dinner on our way to New Jersey, we were staying at the Super 8 across the parking lot.  We were the only ones in at the time, but the beer was cold, burgers were hearty and the wings tasty. The bartender was really sweet and friendly and the chef was super cool. The place seems to have been around for a while and probably is really packed and busy on weekends we were there on a Monday 6/3/13 to be exact so probably not happening without Monday night football. But ya know if your staying at the Super 8 or in the area strop in they have a great menu and the joint is really nifty.  NOTE- yes this is a bar but its also a restaurant, so Mini-Me really enjoyed her dinner here.~burgers 
This place was cool. My boyfriend and I and our friend stopped here on our way out of town back to Philly. The decor was older and it definitely doesn't look like much but the burgers were awesome! We didn't try it, but one burger was between two grilled cheeses! The waffle fries were awesome. Those are easy to mess up but they rocked. Nothing fancy but if you need a drink and some grub this place is a great spot! Don't sleep on it.~burgers burger fries 
This little place is one of the cutest looking charity shops in town. It's a wee little stand alone building, all white with big windows. It's positively charming.  Is it the best in the area? Not by a long shot. But if you're doing the charity shop Stockbridge circuit, it's worth a stop in.  This shop seems to cater to an older clientele. Their windows are often featuring ballroom/cocktail dresses and/or wedding dresses... not really enticing enough to get me in on a regular basis. That being said, I did find quite a beautiful plum cocktail dress here a few weeks back. Did I need a plum evening gown? No. But it was an 80s dress and unique enough for the purchase - and good 80s, not Jem 80's.  The folks here are always really nice and the shop is bright and clean - I just don't find the selection particularly amazing. Worth poking your head in the door though, perhaps you'll fare better than me. Happy hunting!~white plum plum 
I always come to Al Mizan for international calling cards, and halal meat. Aside from that they have good spice collection for both desi and middle eastern cuisine. Their meat cuts are great for lamb and beef and they even have other body parts as well. I usually only get my meat from here but they always have good fresh produce as well.   One slightly note of awe though is the 2 ladies who are always working at the counter. Amazingly enough they work incredibly fast, and by incredible I mean my bill of 60+ items done in 4 minutes max. TIME!!! yes i am wow'ed out but anyway this is a nifty store for local students nearby as its perfectly accessible from the metro.~lamb beef 
went here for the chicken biryani. the rice and seasoning was excellent but the chicken was plain and the added on 15 minute wait time despite calling in earlier was a let down. if you're coming in for the biryani call ahead as its not always available and be prepared for the wait once you come by to receive your order.~chicken biryani. chicken biryani 
Hidden gem!  TAKEOUT ONLY.    Located on a somewhat industrial strip, just south of Burnhamthorpe, is Shaheen.  It's across the street from Rogers TV and a coupla units North of Tremendous - the infamous, only almost-24hr Chinese restaurant in Mississauga.  If you blink, you will miss this place because their sign is not lit up!  Shaheen is a mini grocery store with a long takeout counter with approx. 10-12 different dishes, including a coupla desserts.  No drinks (chai, lassi) available.  I actually came here for the $4.99 Chicken Biryani (!!!), but they had ran out and it was approx. 5:30pm.  The girl behind the counter said that the biryani is usually gone by 5pm.  Apparently they also offer Veal Biryani - which I've never had - and it's supposed to be a bit spicier than the Chicken version.  I ordered the Chicken Karahi (med - $5.49) and girl *included* the Chana Masala so I can try it...at no cost!  Although I preferred the curry sauce of the Karahi, the Chana Masala were well cooked (tender) and had a nice kick to it.  After I check out their biryani, I'll definitely be writing an update, so look out for that!~lassi) chicken biryani ( biryani biryani - chicken chicken chana masala chana masala biryani, 
Ordered Chicken Biryani and Raita and honestly it was quite below expectation. The owner kept insisting it was fresh. Raita was rotten.~chicken biryani 
The staff were very nice and attentive and had put a few tables together for us. The wine list was huge which is nice. I ordered chilli honey spare ribs which were lovely. A bit filling for a starter but they were really nice.    I was quite disappointed when I came here with my work. Everyone at work was saying how nice it was and that they went there a lot so I was really looking forward to it because I love Chinese food. Then for my main I ordered Kung Po chicken which I have had a few times in other Chinese restaurants. It was horrible, the sauce seemed very oily and the chicken didn't have a very good texture. It totally put me off going back.~honey chicken chicken 
This restaurant's take away service was recommended to me by a friend, I was so disappointed when the meal we had was awful! The chicken tasted like it was off and the sauce on my partner's dish was like jelly!    Wouldn't go back, wouldn't recommend.~chicken 
PingOn's only saving grace is that it's open till the wee hours of the morning. It was my saving grace last winter when it was minus 15. The staff have no problem with you nursing a cup of tea for 2 hours.  On the food side of things, not good. This place is practically a take away with a seating area and table service. My the veg in my chow mein tasted a little old and the noodles were a little rubbery.~tea 
I have used this restaurant on and off for about 20 years and have always enjoyed my visits (except once last year when it was a heatwave and they hadn't switched on the A/C). The menu is quite extensive and exotic in places. The staff are always pleasant without being pushy and are friendly to children (of course our one is always on her best behavior because she loves the spicy chicken wings and Chinese tea). We come over from Fife and find the prices are a little on the high side, though I think the prices are typical for Edinburgh.~chicken tea) 
'Emily, you HAVE to go to Ping on, it's like, amazing, yah yah yah' were the words I heard walking a rather tiddly and posh friend back home to Stockbridge the other night. I had heard about it, as it is open very late and feeds the drunk 2am market. What's not to like?  Well, I made the mistake of eating here sober. Don't get me wrong - it was edible, but only just. I had crispy beef and my friend had sweet and sour chicken, but they both tasted exactly the same. The rice was really cold too, which I'm always wary of following a less-than-pleasant experience in Tenerife with bad rice.  The shop itself is quite cool in it's own way...maybe unintentionally so but cool nevertheless. I think that going here after a night out is the best way to experience PingOn, inebriating the senses.~beef chicken, 
Ping on opens late, and I mean late. It also delivers to Morningside so I am instantly a fan! We had a large order including crispy duck, squid, chinese greens, soups rice and the whole shebang. I cant comment on the restaurant having only had a takeout but that was tasty and fresh, and not gloopy and MSG-ified in that nasty cheap take out way. Try it!~greens, 
Pleasant, good service, and reasonably priced. Enjoyed the shrimp chow mein (soft noodles).~shrimp 
Loved the setting and Dj in the background. Good looking staff, but the service was just okay... It took a while to get serviced (perhaps they were under staff?). I ordered the salmon entree and it was a little on the salty side, but still good. My friend ordered the rib eye and really enjoyed it. We had the Tarimisu was off the hook-- one of the best i ever tasted! We also ordered a bottle of wine. The portions were fair. For two entrees, one dessert, and a bottle of wine... We felt the price was fair (a little below $140). The only reason why we gave it 4 star was because of the service (but everyone was really nice tho!!)~salmon 
I planned a dinner here for a gf's bachelorette in summer 2012.  I think the ambiance was great. dim lit, sexy decor. stylish.  The food was all right.  Had pasta. Portions are not huge, but to be expected in this type of establishment.  The main issue here is service. They have people taking things away prematurely. Before you are even finished a drink, it will be taken away, same with food. I get they want to try to be efficient, but you always feel rushed.  Highly recco reservations. It becomes a dance club lounge after. Mature, sexy, older,  good place to check out for an occassion.~pasta. 
all i can say is, they have mamey!!! my fav fruit on earth ever! juice and ice cream here are super yummy~ice cream 
I have searched in numerous places for the perfect chamango. Although I've found some decent ones, nothing compared to the quality of what I get in California.  However, I have to say the chamango I got here was pretty darn close. I think the only thing they do differently is not add lime juice. I still give them 5 stars because it was very yummy! I will definitely be back!~lime 
The strawberry & cream ice cream is freakin' delicious!~ice cream 
Since I'm a huge fan of La Flor de Michoacan, we decided to check this new ice cream shop out after killing some time at Pet Kingdom.  We asked the gentleman behind the counter if this store was run by the same people running LFM and he said it was kind of a collaborative effort between LFM and La Bonita Market???  You would think The restaurant Lindo Michoacan was associated because it said "Lindo" instead of "La Flor"....  Anywho, I could definitely see the similarities and set up inside. This shop looked more similar to the LFM location on the north side close to the Broadacres Event Center and Marketplace. Clean, tables and chairs to sit at, but lacking a few things....variety and taste.  Only four types of agua frescas and none of them being Alfalfa..:( Similar flavors, but missing my favorite, Pine Nut...:(  :(  It's like if I went to In-N-Out and couldn't order a Neapolitan shake because they only had vanilla? So I got a scoop of Mamey instead, and wifey got a Jamaica paleta which was way too tart and didn't have enough sugar to balance out the flavor, and my ice cream tasted  like it had melted and was frozen again. We descreetly fed the garbage can and drove to the flagship location on Charleston and Mojave where we know we could get what we were looking for. Sometimes its best to stick to your usual go-to  spots....ALOHA!~ice cream ice cream 
I tried this place for the first time... It was ok. I loved the menu selection and all the ice creams to choose from and how it remodeled me of my favorite place in California! The main reason I came here was for the CHAMANGO!!! Boy was I disappointed:((( I've never had frozen from mangos in my CHAMANGO it was gross mangos is what makes the drink they were so mushy and tasted out of date I had to spit it out was very SAD:/ I will never again eat this item here!!!  I gave them 2 stars.I liked the service and the selection and my kids enjoyed their ice cream. I would like to come back and try their tostilocos if they fail on that item as well to bad for them I'm loyal when I like something...~date ice cream. 
The chamango was good, but over-priced...it was like $5 bucks for a little 16oz cup. I've had chamango wayyyyy cheaper and it was soooo much better because the mango had bigger slices, and the mangos were fresh...not frozen ! :/ probably won't come back! Giving three stars because it was decent! There are better options~mango 
I love how this place has a huge selection of different drinks, ice creams, and ice cream bars. The menu could be clearer though since there were no prices written on the large menu posters on the wall. I ended up ordering the gansito ice cream which tasted like strawberries and chocolate with pieces of white cake added in.  It was delicious, and I plan on ordering it again.  A lot of the common ice cream flavors here are Thrifty's ice cream, which is a plus too.   The workers are nice, and they were patient as I tried different samples.~ice cream ice cream white cake ice cream ice cream, 
NEW ICE CREAM FLAVORS AT GREAT VALUE  Offers "Agua Frescas" (Natural Fruit Water), "Paletas" (Popsicles), "Especialidades" (Specialities) and "Nieves" (Ice Cream).   Sampled a few different flavors that we were totally unfamiliar with.  Combinations of sweet, salty and sour flavors were at times too Latino for us ... although Asians are used to these mixtures of flavors.  Shared a "mediano" scoops of "Mamey" (mix of sweet potato with pumpkin) and "Gansito" (stawberries jelly and chocolate) in a waffle cone. Amount of ice cream served was more than plenty to share.  While enjoying our natural flavored nieves, we watch the "Voz" or the Latno version of the "Voice."~ice cream ice cream) sweet potato 
Finally made my long-awaited return, and... okay, not really. I just wanted a cold, sweet treat and didn't want to drive out elsewhere.  I enjoyed this even more than last time. This time, I tasted some of the flavors that I didn't recognize, and I lucked into some really good ones. The first was the gansito, which the employee said is kinda a strawberry / chocolate version of a twinkie (and even had the fluffy cake part). Really enjoyed it except for how my plastic spoon was really doing an awful job at actually separating small pieces of ice cream from the larger mass. Luckily, it did not have a thick and gooey mouth feel, just a creamy and cold one.  The second flavor that I ate was the rompope, or Mexican eggnog. It definitely has that eggnog quality, but what's more interesting is the presence of raisins. Since Google tells me that rompope probably has rum ("rom") in it, I'm going to call this the Mexican version of rum raisin, which is my favorite classic flavor. Well, except more eggy. I liked it a lot too, and the texture was easier to handle with the spoon.  Prices are just fine for ice cream. One scoop ("chico") is $2.50, two scoops ("mediano") are an almost paltry $3.50, and there's a grande size at $5 that I'm sure will fill me up if I ever get around to trying it. I think the cones are actually free, so I'd definitely suggest get a cone and use your tongue instead of a feeble spoon.  Sure, maybe they've had some run-ins with the health department, but doesn't everybody? I have not had diarrhea yet and I'm sure I'm more untidy with the ice cream in my own fridge. Also, it wasn't nearly as warm as last time (possibly owing to earlier time of day, or their fan and whatever A/C is doing work). I will definitely be back when I'm in the area, and I might even try some of the popsicles or mixed desserts next time.~cake ice cream mexican eggnog 
It was one of the first hot days in Vegas and somehow it was one of the rare days I was outside too. We were burning up! While this is affiliated by my favorite La Flor Michoacan but is a collaborative with Bonita Market, I still wanted to give it a go.   They have a selection of 6 aguas frescas and we decided to get a large mix of the alfalfa with lime cucumber, It was tangy and good together, I liked what the lime brought to the alfalfa. I think though maybe 50/50 is too much lime so I would say to just ask for a splash of lime cucumber. I diluted it down with a tiny bit of water since it was a bit intense, but it was a really good hot weather beverage.  There were a few flavors of popsicles that looked melted so I passed when I originally came for that. The BF and I also shared some coconut ice cream. It was creamy, good coconut flavor and hit the spot.  It was yummy and hit the spot. I'm not in this area often, but if I was and need a quencher I would stop here again.~lime cucumber, lime lime lime cucumber. coconut ice cream. coconut 
Fresh fruit smoothies with REAL fruits! Great ice cream too! Authentic Mexican in Vegas!~smoothies ice cream 
After eating ramen, could have walked next door to Baskins Robbins but decided to walk across the street to try this place.  It was well worth the walk!  The ice cream was great and MUCH CHEAPER than BR.  I plan on skipping ramen the next time and trying the banana split here, it looked decadent.~ice cream banana 
It's cool because they have a good selection of ice cream flavors, including some Mexican ones, a good selection of aguas frescas, and a good selection of other desserts and snacks that I'd never heard of (churros locos?? chamango? tostilocos - looks like a bag of tostitos with a bunch of toppings thrown in, served with a fork!)  On the other hand, it's not that cool because it's pretty dirty inside. I'm not one of these health Nazis, but even I was a little put off by the stains on the cloth bar stools.  Prices have increased since some of these other reviews. I got 3 small ice creams (single scoop each) for just over $10.  Might go back and get an agua fresca to go....~ice cream 
I love this place. Great ice cream. Try dif flavors they might surprise you.~ice cream. 
Chamangos and Aguas frescas were good. The ice cream was also not bad at all. A little pricy compared to Los Angeles but for being on a visit from LA it's not bad at all. The only issue is a 1dollar surcharge if your paying with a card so bring cash unless you want to pay for there merchant fees.~ice cream 
The clerk was super friendly and something about her chubby cheeks and warm smile made my first visit here even more delightful. The decor is nothing to write home about but the rumpope (rum and raisin?) ice cream was creamy and not too sweet. What's even better was that a scoop of ice cream in a small waffle cone was $2.70. Damn, I could afford 2 or even 3 scoops here! The clerk was very gracious to let me try 4 different flavors. In fact, she even said, "Try them all!"  I loved that little "extra" customer service and made sure to leave a decent tip in the tip jar.~raisin? ice cream ice cream 
Come on of course I'm a fan of Lindo Michoacan, any ice cream shop in general. All those childhood memories I wish I had are falsely coming back to me. Yum, I wish I had those memories of enjoying waffle cone/bowls filled with scoops of delicious ice cream. Oh yea I kind of do being that there were probably only 2 or 3 ice cream shops back home I can think of.  The first things that caught my eye were those chocolate covered bananas with nuts, sprinkles, or coconut, and various ice creams and frozen treats already made for you. Walking over to the right there were about 20+ different containers of ice cream waiting for me to taste, OPTIONS NICE.  I was met by the friendly and helpful employee who asked me if I wanted to try some. With a smile on my face and fast head nodding in excitement I said "Of course yes! Haha".  I started sampling a few flavors, not bad not bad at all. Didn't want to sample to much free samples. Some of the names I recognized but some I didn't, just taste them if you're curious.  Some were various Mexican candies made into an ice cream. YUM :)  I went with the waffle bowl, though they also have waffle cones, and a few scopes of pistachio and some other flavor I don't remember but with I enjoyed. I couldn't understand the menu and prices but with the help of the employee everything went smoothly. Looking at their brochure right now, thankfully there's pictures with there names.  I want the Chamango, Ensalanda De Fruitas, Churros Cocos, or I dunno I just want one of everything next.  There are a few seats, miscellaneous items for sale inside, and it wasn't busy during lunch, typical small business.  But when it's 100 degrees outside I had to take a seat and enjoy every little bite before walking back to the car. I'll be back for sure. Very inexpensive.  My waffle bowl and 2 scopes were only a couple dollars.  They had problems with their credit card machine so bring cash just incase.  There are located in a plaza on the southeast corner of Tropicana and Eastern. The same place as Dispensary Lounge, 99 Cent, and Marketon.~ice cream ice cream. ice cream coconut, ice cream ice cream. 
Echoing all the other reviews here. The auto service department here is awful. Every time I've been here, it's been for something simple like an oil change, yet it always takes much longer than the service rep's estimated time. But the last time really took the cake with a whopping three-hour wait. They must've forgotten about my car because they didn't even get on it until I asked them what was taking so long at the two hour mark. A well-deserved one star.~cake 
14 Hart Street is absolutely a fantastic place to stay in Edinburgh! To start, the proprietors James and Angela, are incredibly warm, welcoming, and helpful. I've stayed at many B&Bs in my time and have enjoyed many of them, but at 14 Hart Street I felt like a guest staying at the home of an old friend.  The accommodations are cozy and charming. We stayed in a double room with two twin beds. The beds are a bit small and perhaps not the most luxurious, but the bedding is soft and clean. I felt so relieved after a long trip to snuggle my comfy little bed! The bathroom is small by US standards, but looked to be newly renovated. The water pressure in the shower was great and the entire bathroom was spotless. We had an offering of tea, coffee, cookies, and scotch whisky in the room. As Scotland can get quite cold, we had a good adjustable furnace as well.  The location is perfect for travelers who want easy access to the city center and train station, but like to be a little ways away from the noise of a busy street. It was about a 10 minute walk to Princes Street in new town, and now much farther to castle. our hosts were able to recommend good restaurants and give clear directions (with shortcuts!).  The breakfast was delicious and very filling. Each morning we were offered a wide selection: fresh fruit, juice, coffee, tea, toast, bacon, sausage, eggs, 3 kinds of cereal, and they seemed to be able to prepare anything else we might have asked for. The food was fresh and tasty--an excellent way to start a long day of sightseeing.  Overall I was incredibly happy with my stay, and felt it was a great value for the money.~tea, coffee, cookies, coffee, tea, bacon, sausage, 
This is a hidden gem right downtown.  We stayed here for 4 nights during the Fringe Festival in August 2011.  Guests find this B&B through word-of-mouth or tripadvisor so it feels very private.  There are only 4 rooms and all are below street level.  It still felt bright enough in the mornings, although it might feel a bit dark during the winter.  Location is fab, just a 10-15 minute walk to the heart of downtown.  Lots and lots of restaurants and bars nearby.  The price felt a bit high (115 pounds/night), but given the location and the time of year (the festival) it was actually really affordable compared to hotels in the same area.  I knocked off a star for the very very antique feel.  While some might enjoy the ambiance, I would have appreciated some more modern creature comforts.  The bed was hard and the bedding wasn't very soft/squishy.  The furniture was more for looks and felt a little rickety.  The floorboards squeeked a lot and the shower was really loud.  The bathroom shower was unexpectedly modern and the towels were total luxury. There was even a towel warmer!  I would have loved a down feather comforter and some softer pillows in the bed!  Included in the cost of the room is complementary scotch, wine, chocolates and cookies, plus tea and coffee.  That was pretty cool.  They do offer free wi-fi, but the service was pretty spotty.  Fortunately it wasn't necessary for us to do more than check e-mail once a day.  It worked fine for very occasional use.  The tv was small but it got plenty of channels.    The breakfast was delicious!!!  Yogurt, fruit, homemade granola, toast, a huge variety of jam, plus any sort of hot breakfast you requested.  French press coffee with cream.  Total heaven!    James and Angela were really accomodating.  They are full of good tips for restaurants and things to do.  Breakfast was served at whatever time we specified, even at 6AM on our last morning.   It was pouring rain and the cab phoneline wasn't working, so James offered to drive us the 1.5 miles to the airport shuttle.  He cleaned out his car and everything!  Its so obvious that these innkeepers care about customer satisfaction.  You can be sure they will make it right if there are any issues.  One last drawback:  They only accept cash payment - which for 4 nights added up to a big sum. Plan ahead so you don't have to try and get a rediculous sum out of an ATM on your last night.~cookies, tea coffee. coffee 
Was there last night for some food and drink to celebrate my birthday :P Well it was my first time to the place too.  For starters we ordered the chicken fingers and asked for some hot-sauce on the side. The waitress lady (i think her name was Ann) gave us a tip that they could toss the chicken with hot-sauce if we want. We immediately went for it ! And wow the results, Man-oh-man they should probably have that as a regular dish on the menu! Couldnt resist it and ordered the same dish again (ofcourse with the chicken tossed in hot-sauce).~chicken fingers chicken chicken 
Great service, friendly, and nice ambience. Loved the Appetizer plate with cheese and crackers and fruit. Very tasty. Terrible wine unless you enjoy kook-aid on your me was porch. Hey..I am not a wine snob but eh.~cheese 
I have been here twice with my neighbors and husband. We first came for a tasting and winemaking evening and then returned six months later to bottle our wine.  The tasting was a fun experience because we got to try 10 different wines that were paired with lots of chocolates, nuts, and fruits from Trader Joe's across the street. The wines were mostly ok. Our group agreed that the merlot was the best. We headed to the back of the restaurant and began the winemaking process. We added yeast and oak chips to grape concentrate, and then stirred it power tools.  As the months passed, we created a photoshopped image for our label which our neighbor sent to the owner. It took over 6 weeks to any information back from her. Even scheduling the bottle experience was a chore. She didn't confirm until the day of, and even then there were still some hiccups with bottle availability. The bottling experience was fun but very short. The wine we made doesn't taste all that great, but I guess you can't have high expectations for something that is made in a jug.  I liked the novelty of making your own wine, but for the hassle and price (about $20 per bottle), it's not an experience worth repeating.~chips 
I'm 100% sure I won't return and it's not because of the location or the wine/food.    Some friends and I decided to do a wine tasting and they provided some cheese, crackers, cookies and chocolates.  No fruits or meats and the cookies came out of a box.  Pricing was $25 + tax & tip and seemed like a good deal for 10 tastings.  Our server was probably one of the rudest people I've ever met in the service industry and if her tip wasn't included, she would have received NOTHING from me.  While we were waiting for the rest of our party, she asked if we needed anything.  I went to order a glass of wine and she said "I'm not getting anyone anything until the entire party arrives".  And you asked because????  Needless to say, I asked about how much wine would be served with the tasting because I was the designated driver.  She stated approximately 2 and a half glasses of wine total.  For my size and where I live, that's a guaranteed over the blood alcohol limit for me.  I asked if it was $25 per person whether we drink or not - and she said "you've already been eating, so you will be charged".    I tasted maybe 3 of the wines and fell in love with the Pinot Grigio.  When she brought out my check, not only were we charged the automatic gratutity (and if I had her nasty little attitude, I would have charged the 18% as well) but the gratuity was also charged on the bottle of wine that I was taking home with me.  Of course, I just gave it back and paid for the tasting.   The tasting went more than 2.5 hours, and service was not even sub-par.  It took her 1/2 an hour to ring up our checks.  She was blunt and non-friendly.  I won't be back.~cheese, cookies cookies 
What a cool experience!  We were invited by some friends who had a gift certificate and none of us had any idea what to expect.  From the beginning Carrie an Caylin made us feel right at home.  A wonderful opportunity to taste and talk wine, do a little experimenting aka Bill Nie the Science Guy an YES make our own custom batch of wine after selecting from a wide variety of grapes and tastes (Lodi origin).  After about 3 months we'll go back to bottle our little concoctions (1/2 batch of Temperanillo and 1/2 batch of Chardonnay) and add our custom labels.  Great cheese/crackers and various choclates that enhanced the tasting experience were also provided by the owner although you can also bring your own favorite munchies as well.  Great fun for couples/friends or larger parties - Definitely check it out!!~grapes 
Their House-Made wines are not great (if you're an avid wine drinker), but when you go here for a "Wine Tasting" that's what you'll get.  I would only consider drinking or purchasing their Fruit Blended wines, as this is what they do best... Something along the lines of a sangria.  The service is chaotic, and the Manager pays more attention to her regulars than other customers. Sadly, she also doesn't have an ounce of professionalism from what I witnessed, and personally experienced. Succinctly, we had to tell her about broken glass on the floor, she asked someone to not cash a check until the next day because it might not clear, and was drinking on the job.   Her co-owner (brown haired woman), is MUCH more friendly and interested in fostering new business with potential customers.   I felt like Tabitha in the "Salon Take Over" show. Be an owner, step back and let other people run your business...sadly, you cannot.  I am not sure that this place will last long. It's a shame, because the concept is great. Seems like a lot of the good reviews are from her friends. Help her out then, and give her some constructive criticism.~brown 
Studio Vino is a small urban winery in Tempe. I had passed by it before and decided this time to stop in and see what it was all about. I sat up front at the bar with another couple. In the center of the room was a large tasting table with about 10 guests; there was a group sitting at the sofa along with 4 other people at a separate table.  I ordered 2 flights (3 small pours each) to try the different wine produced at Studio Vino. I ordered 3 reds which included an great blend and then tried some of the fruit infused wine. All were very good, maybe the fruit wines a little too sweet for my palette but probably would be great with lunch. I also ordered a cheese plate that featured 4 different types. They have other small plates available and can even order from the Italian Bistro a few doors down and have it delivered.  As I sat there drinking my wine the man sitting next to me proposed to the girl he was with. The winery had created a special wine label for him and put it on a bottle of her favorite Studio Vino wine. It was a picture of him holding a sign "Will you marry me?" She said yes and the winery erupted in applause.   As the night went on I was told that the group of 10 were tasting wine to decide what varietal they were going to make and learned that you can make your own batches of wine here. As small as 14 bottles per batch. After they finished tasting they went in the back and created their wine. It would be 3 months or more before they came back to bottle it. During that time they would create their own special label. What a great way to commemorate a special event.  I had a great evening, great wine and a really unique experience.  The staff was fun and service was great.~cheese 
A few friends and I visited Studio Vino to do the wine tasting.  We got 10 samples of wine along with a cheese tray and a fun snack selection with cookies, nuts, and chocolates.  We really enjoyed being able to select wines from Studio Vino as well as other Arizona wineries.  The atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming and overall it was a pleasant experience. The reason for the three stars is that service was very slow.  It took almost two hours to complete our wine sampling.  We had initially wanted to sample and then order wine but we were running so short on time some of us ended up ordering a glass before our sampling was even complete.  My advice: plan to spend a while and if you have questions you may want to ask Kari (who seems to run the place) because our server didn't seem too confidant on the wines and pairings.  Otherwise, it's a great atmosphere and we had a fun girls night out. :)~cheese cookies, 
I'd purchased a voucher from social living for a tasting for up to 4 people and thought it was a really great deal. On June 22, 2013, My boyfriend and I had a couple of friends to join us, As to be expected there were wines we liked and those we didn't. The service was really great and we had a really great time. Our bad experience happened afterward. We prepurchased wines that we liked  from the tasting that were shockingly, not in stock. We were given a time frame in which the wines would be ready  (June 25th for the Naughty Monkey and 2 weeks for the Chocolate Cherry Port) and were told we'd be notified as to when to pick up the wines, We were never notified by them, Ended up calling them (on the 12th of July) and spoke to the owner who informed me that one of the wines had come in but had been sold accidentally, however the other 2 bottles that had been ordered were there. She assured me that the other bottle would be in the shop the following Tuesday when the distributor came. I told her that I would be in on Tuesday to pick up all 3 bottles. Tuesday comes and not only was the one particular bottle that was supposed to be in not there but the other 2 weren't as well!! After a lengthy, very subdued, but nonethe less, upset conversation with the studio person, I was promised the wines would be available the very next day. The next day, July 17th, I didn't have very high hopes but went anyway and was greeted by the owner. She apologized again and again. She gave a free bottle for each of the 2 types that had been ordered which was great but we probably won't go back, Found one of the wines elsewhere much cheaper...~cherry 
I chose this place both because of convenience location wise and because of the Yelp reviews. There are bad and good reviews on here, everyone has a different experience, but most of them were good and they definitely lived up to my expectations and then some. The owner Kari herself sat my friend and I and served us all night. She remembered us by name, joked with us and we even got into a discussion about cooking Spaetzle! Her daughter also works here, you can tell a lot of love goes into everything they do.   We started with a few flights to try some of their homemade wines and the cheese plate which was perfectly balanced with sweet, savory and pungent flavors, then once we settled on which wines were our favorites stayed until they closed. We weren't rushed or ignored, when we came in the place was completely packed and we were offered a seat at a reserved table (the party wasn't there yet) until a smaller table opened up. Overall it was a fantastic experience and I will definitely go again!~cheese 
A few months ago I bought a Groupon for this place since I thought it was an extremely good deal. $39 for 6 wine tastings, 1 snack plate, and a chocolate dish, not to mention after trying the wine you get to take home a bottle of your favorite choice with  a custom label with your names on it. My boyfriend and I came here this past Saturday for our date and we had an amazing time. The ambiance of the place was great and perfect for a date and the staff was extremely friendly.   It was my first time having a wine tasting venture so I would say it was a good first experience for me. One of our favorites was the Raspberry Pinot Noir which we ended up taking home with us.I think it's a very good place for a date and I would definitely want to come back in the future. =)~date date date 
What a fantastic find! I had discovered this place a little while back via Yelp and have been waiting for the right opportunity to come here. I finally decided to swing in here for a glass of wine with my girlfriend and was pleased to find it was everything I had read in the comments from my fellow Yelpers! We tried four different glasses of Studio Vino wines that they make right there in-house plus their wonderful cheese-board. Presumably the owner or manager Kari (Kerry?) came over and conversed extensively with my date and I about the wines they make and the specific wines her and I had selected. We were so impressed we've decided tonight we will be returning to listen to some live music, and hopefully shortly will be returning to take part in their tasting-and-making package where we will apparently get to taste all of their varietals, then pick which one we like best and make 14-bottles of it of our own and make our own labels for them to take home with us! Highly recommended for a great, unique date idea!   Keep singing,  -Jerron~cheese- date date 
I was at a wonderful charity event this last Saturday and the event opened with a free glass of wine!  Always a good thing in itself.  I asked about this yummy black cherry red wine and found out it was donated by Studio Vino in Tempe.  Always wanting to support local businesses that support charity, I stopped by the shop yesterday and got to sit and chat with the owner of the wine bar and enjoy another glass of this enjoyable fruit wine.  They make a list of reds and whites, along with these lesser alcohol fruit infused wines.  You can also book a tasting and wine making experience, design your own wine labels and when it's ready bottle your own wines!  That sounds like a lot of fun.  Kari, the owner was a delight to talk to and I will surely be heading back there very soon with the girls!  There is a comfortable bar to sit at, along with several high top tables for larger groups.  I think it would be a fantastic place to have a party, like a birthday!  I can't wait to go back and taste more of what they have to offer.~cherry 
What a fun place! I used to work at the Bikram Yoga Studio next door and honestly never paid much attention to Studio Vino. Big mistake on my part. I finally came in here in December 2012 and have been coming back ever since.  Studio Vino has "neighborhood wine bar" written all over it. Friendly service, cozy atmosphere and an owner who remembers everyone's names. I have sampled over 30 wines here and the list keeps changing, so there is always something new for me to try when I come in.   Have I mentioned that Studio Vino is also a winery? Yep, they make their own wine right on the premises. They serve that and wines from around AZ.  Next on my agenda is taking advantage of Studio Vino's "make your own wine" option. I can't wait to come in for my birthday with a few friends, do a wine tasting and then head to the back room to make my own wine, complete with custom label and wine name. It will be the best self birthday present ever!  Let's not forget the cheeseboard!!! The cheeseboard is amazing - delicious artisan cheese, crackers and other treats. The servers or the owner, Carrie, are happy to recommend wine that will pair well with the cheeses.  I have brought everyone in here - grandparents, boyfriend, girlfriends for a girls' night out, etc. - and every person has enjoyed themselves.~cheese, 
Definitely love this place. I purchased an Amazon local deal a few weeks ago for a wine and cheese tasting for 4, and made a reservation for last night. I had never been here before, so I was surprised to find this little wine bar in a Fry's shopping center. But once inside you completely forget that, as it is very intimate and modern.   Nick who was at the bar near the door told us to have a seat wherever we wanted so we grabbed a seat at one of the tables. He dropped off some waters and came back later and gave us a run down of the two flights we would be tasting that night, an shortly after brought out a platter with cheese, nuts, and some fruit. The four of us had a great time, and they are very serious about wine. My favorites were the viosignia (sp?), their house red (can't remember the name), and their peach Chardonnay. We were there for about an hour and a half, so it's bit of an experience, but Nick was great a not rushing/disappearing and he was very knowledgable. After all was said and done we hung out for a bit and I decided to get a bottle of the peach Chardonnay because it is seriously amazing.   Nick told us a bit about their wine making that you can do yourself and their club membership, both of which I'd like to do in the future. This place is super reasonable and very impressive for a date or a night out with your friends. I'll definitely be back.~cheese cheese, peach peach date 
This little cafe is a breath of fresh air on the Royal Mile as it isn't decorated in tartan and ridiculously overpriced. While it isn't cheap, it is reasonably priced.   I met my Dad here for coffee, well I had orange juice and they got that right! I had a Cranberry and Brie Scone which was a new thing to me, and it was surprisingly tasty!   I love little cafes like this as they stick two fingers up to places like Starbucks and Costa. The lunch dishes which were passing me by looked good enough that I will probably stop by for lunch some time.~coffee, cranberry 
This is a great place to stop in for a great breakfast and a fresh glass of OJ. I had a proper Scottish Breakfast with a coffee. Very clean, nice staff and great location. Well worth a try if you are in the area.~coffee. 
I literally screamed like a baboon when I finally tasted the Always Sunday baked potatoes. My friend kept telling me about them and she was right; they taste and look incredible. I think Always Sunday has finally won me over. Yes, the place can get crowded. And yes, their bacon meat can be slightly putrid at times. But since my baked potato epiphany I have since moved onto their French tarts and would definitely recommend this place to anybody visiting Edinburgh.~potatoes. bacon baked potato 
I popped in to this cute little cafe off of the touristy Royal Mile for an afternoon tea. They had a lovely selection of teas, cakes, and sweets here. There was also a full menu for breakfast and lunch.   I enjoyed a delicious pot of liquorice tea, which I was totally about since most cafes don't carry it. This place is prime real estate for people watching. If you get a seat out front by the windows you could stare off people watching while sipping on tea for hours...  The staff here was really helpful and friendly. My mum and I asked where we could find good, live, Scottish music in the city and they gave us a bunch of recommendations and plotted everything out on a map for us. Everyone who worked there was so very genuine and helpful. Next time I visit Edinburgh, I'll be sure to return!~tea. tea, tea 
Another very good quality cafe in the centre of Edinburgh. On the Royal Mile , the location is very handy if you are making the trip from the castle down to Holyrood Palace or the Parliament. Very good quality food - ranging from soups, a lot of different salad items, different ( and more unusual types of ) scones and more elaborate cakes.  Everything is made with care and is delicious. Sit out at the front of the cafe and people watch on the Royal Mile, or try to get the little hidden alcove at the back which seats two in a little private space.    ITs not the cheapest cafe in the area but the atmosphere and the quality of the food do make it a place worth trying out.~salad 
It's not cheap but this is possibly the best breakfast in Edinburgh. This bright and cheerful little café is permanently busy but it is worth waiting in line to try the delicious food and great coffee. A great place for a Sunday breakfast (served until 11.30am); you can choose from all the usual Scottish breakfast items, including vegetarian versions, or else go for pastries, fruit or smoked salmon. The coffee is fair trade and delicious and the staff are delightful. If you have room, you should definitely investigate the cake selection, which seems to change each day but always looks tempting. Right on the Royal Mile, Always Sunday seems to be popular with tourists, giving it a nice cosmopolitan atmosphere.~coffee. pastries, smoked salmon 
A great cafe on the Royal mile (close to the catherdral).    Despite its location Always Sunday avoids the plaid cliches which adorn the mile and creates a bright and friendly oasis of calm.    Food is a little on the pricey side and the place is very busy for Sunday breakfasts (get there VERY early to bag a set) but food is of a very high standard (I recommend an early afternoon cake and coffee here) and staff among the friendliest in the city.    Ess~cake coffee 
Had lunch with friends at Always Sunday on Monday and I have to say I was blown away by the steak pie and pommes gratin! Absolutely delicious and I can't wait to return (although the steak pie wowed me so much I might only ever visit when it's on the menu lol).    Great atmosphere too, very relaxed and laid back - made for a very enjoyable lunch - thanks!    Jim    PS - how do I break it to my dear old mother that her steak pie isn't the best anymore?~steak pie steak pie steak pie 
I do appreciate Always Sunday's handy location on the Royal Mile for a quick coffee pick up (or I need this to get me through the next few hours, in my case), and you can't beat that knowledge and accessibility, when it comes down to you rushing to work or just rushing in general, and you know you need to stop somewhere really quickly for a caffeine fix. In that scenario, Always Sunday is a good call.  The vibe here is really laid back and it is a pretty cool little oasis of cafe goodness on a strip of the Royal Mile that is pretty bargain tartaned up, however, I think I may just have been unlucky, but every time I've been in here it's been packed to the rafters and hotter than the centre of the sun. I'm not brilliant at dealing with overheated situations, plus drinking a coffee to make the whole situation an even more high temperature orientated experience is not the best of ideas, so I suppose I've been less attracted to hanging out in here for long expanses of time, and more up for taking advantage of its take away facilities. Really friendly staff though, and a good overall option for Royal Mile replenishment.~coffee coffee 
In a word - AWFUL!    I'm a self-confessed bit of a food snob and on the surface this place looked like the perfect place for breakfast on a... Sunday.    BUT....    ... standing in the queue decided on the 5-portion hot breakfast. I was given 1 small scraggly piece of fatty bacon, 1 sausage [very poor quality sausage meat], 1 greasy potato cake, a spoonful of watery scrambled egg and a spoonful of mushrooms + a piece of granary toast [which was the best bit of the whole breakfast].    What added insult to injury was when I got back to my table and started pondering the price (£5.25). Considering you could buy individual items at 65p each, if I'd just picked 5 it would have only cost me £3.25 (+ toast). I had been ripped off £2 because they called 5 items a particular name.    Would not go back.~bacon, sausage [ sausage potato cake, egg mushrooms 
The butternut squash lasagna) was absolutely amazing. The portion was gigantic and was a great meal for a very reasonable price. The cafe itself is also very bright and cute, though there seems to be a seating shortage. I also had a greek salad, which was decent, but then again, messing up greek salad would be pretty difficult. The only reason this restaurant doesn't get 5 stars was my friend's couscous -- there was something decidedly off about the texture and was rather flavorless.~butternut salad, salad couscous -- 
Nice vegetarian options.  Though I agree the heat lamps are ever-present here, I had a great meal.  One of us got some sort of sweet potato lasagna that was really interesting.  Dessert was quite nice also.~sweet potato 
I feel it's not very fair of me to write a review of a cafe if I didn't have a cake, or a big toasted sandwich, in it. But writing a review I am, as I walked past here today and it reminded me to do so. An update may follow once I'm back to my cake-eating ways...  Situated slap-bang in the middle of the Royal Mile, it has quite a quirky and unique feel to it despite probably catching almost all the tourist and Festival trade. The name itself is just adorable, and for some reason despite that Scottish Sunday's are grey and driech 80% of the year, it conjures up images of sunny, lazy summer afternoon's, and afternoon tea. Delightful.  The tea and orange juice I had here was nice, the orange juice was freshly squeezed which is a plus. But despite the cutsey name and original feel, the serving area is a little generic and perhaps victim of its own popularity. It doesn't have that cosy, café feel that Edinburgh can do so well.  I wouldn't hestitate to pop in here for a tea and scone one day, so don't be put off by its central location. And do let me know if the cakes are worth splurging on...~cake, sandwich, cake- tea. tea tea 
I absolutely love the name of this place! Always Sunday conjurs up images of relaxation, endless cups of tea and yummy cakes, all of which are present in this little cafe.  It is prime for people watching on the Royal Mile, and if it's a nice day then take advantage of the seats outside. I just stopped for a quick drink whilst out shopping and found the place to be lovely, light and bright, perfect for a pit stop!  I had a lovely peppermint tea and slice of carrot cake which was so gooood! The slice was massive though and I couldn't wolf it all down, although my boyfriend had no problem polishing it off for me.  I have to say though, the breakfast menu looks very expensive, between £5-8 for a breakfast, so I would hope it was pretty damn good! A nice cafe, a little hub of quiet on the Royal Mile.~tea tea carrot cake 
I sat in here a few weeks ago as I was feeling a little parched and was in serious need of a good old cup of tea. Being on the Royal Mile I was a little worried that it would be ridiculously overpriced but I couldn't be bothered walking anywhere else and there was a free seat at the window with my name on it.  Inside it's quite a good sized cafe, fresh and bright with wicker seats and as the sun was shining in it felt like a large conservatory. The staff are really bubbly and chatted away to me as I was ordering. My pot of tea was only £1.80 which I think is pretty reasonable indeed, especially considering the location. I claimed my seat at the window and sat for a good half an hour watching the world go by. If you like people watching as I do make sure you get a window seat as this is a prime people watching spot.  I love the relaxed vibe to this cafe and at no point did I feel pressured to guzzle down my cuppa' and leave I could easily have sat for ages and still felt just as relaxed. I definitely recommend this little cafe and although I haven't tried any of the cakes or sandwiches they had a good selection that looked rather tasty.~tea. tea 
I've got to say, I'm a big fan of Always Sunday.  It's bigger than a lot of the claustrophobic eating businesses huddled together on the Royal Mile, and a bit less stuck in its ways. Its bright eyed and bushy tailed exterior gives you a bit of an idea of what it will be like inside, and its massive bay windows show it has nothing to hide! Fresh and contemporary with a colourful menu, Always Sunday serve up everything from full on fatty English breakfasts (including a veggie option so everyone can experience the mighty fry up), continental breakfasts, lunches with a Mediterranean flare and some delicious cakes.  They have their own twist on the usual lunchtime cafe offerings, but what really wins me over is their booze license. It is quite unusual for a cafe of this style in Scotland to also sell some classy bottled beers such as Peroni, and it gives diners an alternative destination to a pub if they want to grab lunch with a few drinks. They sell a number of Italian wines, making this place a great venue for a girlie catch up. They also make Irish and Jamaican coffee after 11AM if you're needing a kick start to the day.  A unique and refreshing addition to the staid Royal Mile, Always Sunday's laid back aura and universiality make it a winner with me!~coffee 
Always Sunday is my favourite place to eat on the High Street. Situated in the centre of the Royal Mile, Always Sunday is right in the centre of the city and so it is a convenient place to reach and it is always a popular place with the tourists.   As the other reviewers have notes, it was the sheer size of the place which blew me away when I first ate here - it is massive! So it is a great place to bring a large party of people as they will almost definitely be able to accommodate them all.   I have been here for lunch several times, and I absolutely love their homemade soups - they are super fresh and tasty, especially the carrot and coriander. Other choices on the lunch menu include baked potato's, salads, deli items and hot food. Breakfasts are available in the morning which include a fully cooked breakfast, continental breakfast, pastries and breakfast smoothies. The prices in Always Sunday are really reasonable, with most breakfast dishes coting about £6 and lunch meals costing in the range of £4-7.   There is a decent sized seating area at the front of the cafe and so it is a great place to go for food on a warm day and watch all the action from the Royal Mile.~carrot baked potato 
For quite a while during the Fringe last summer it was a regular meeting spot for me and a friend of mine. Not only of its closeness to the Fringe shop and the Hub but also of the relaxed atmosphere and the huge cups of delicious cappuccino we would regularly indulge ourselves with. The cafe offers cakes and cookies for those with a sweet tooth like me and my friends who will hardly ever miss the opportunity to taste the carrot cake there!~cookies carrot cake 
Great shaved beef sandwich with spicy bbq sauce! Soft fresh kaiser, moist tender slices of beef. I dont even like BBQ sauce, but this house made spicy sauce has me as a convert.  Most filling delicious lunch I have had for $6(Monday Special). The sweet potato fries are really good too, though a bit salty. They have daily specials, sides that sound amazing (biscuits with gravy, anyone?) and friendly service. The place is only 2 months old, and quite clean. This is going on my lunch rotation. I shall be back Smokin' Bones!~beef sandwich beef. sweet potato 
Visited this establishment today (Jan.27/10) after reading about it via the Yelp e-mail I rec'd this morning.  I was rather disappointed. The décor isn't very welcoming, especially when one considers what it was like before (Neighbourhood bar that was bright and cheery). Now it's dark and the colours used are terrible in my opinion.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich on brown (they now have brown hamburger buns) with a side of  coleslaw.  The pork was uneventful (no flavour) because the sauce overpowered the pork. Note; That I have lived in the U.S. south and know what authentic pulled BBQ pork is supposed to taste like. This offering is nothing in comparison.  In short, I can't recommend this place. I am glad that some new establishments are moving into the neighbourhood, and I'm sure that th e Ryerson students will patronise this place, if they keep the prices as low as they are now. However, I don't think most of the kids know what an authentic pulled pork sandwich should taste like, therefore have nothing to compare it to.  It would be great if the owner used different buns. Crusty Italian style rolls would be better than the soft mushy paste like dough that the present buns turn into when the BBQ sauce is piled on. There is a reason why the Italians use crusty bread on their veal & sausage sandwiches!  I talked with the man behind the counter whom served me. Don't know if he was the owner, but he talked like he was. He didn't seem to be aware of what YELP is, and how important it might be to his business.  I'll give it another try in a few months to see if it's been improved.~pork sandwich brown ( brown pork pork. bbq pork 
This is the only 2 star place I would consider going back to.  I picked up some takeout here last week and it started out as a great experience.  There was easy parking right on the side street, the guy was really genuine when he greeted me and we chatted the entire time that he made the food.  I ordered 2 pulled chicken sandwiches, a large fries, a small coleslaw and a small cornbread.  Nearly everything was a failure food wise. I feel like I owe it to them to say that I was here at the end of the night and that likely contributed to my not being impressed because I was getting all the end-of-the-day-remains.  The specifics (we're not even going to do good and bad here because the only thing that was good was how friendly the guy is): - The pulled chicken was good; the sandwich failed on a sauce problem.  I ordered the spicy sauce and it was not spicy.  I don't do well with spicy things so for me to say it was not spicy... likely means they gave me the wrong sauce. - The sauce was in warmers inside the counter and developed a gelatinous 'crust' on the top that needed to be broken and mixed in before sauce could be sourced.  I wish they had assembled this in the kitchen where I couldn't see this happen. -  The fries were good but they were way overcooked.  They would be good fries on a better day. - The cornbread was reheated and flavourless.  It looked like twinkies and tasted like nothing.  It was probably the most disappointing thing here. - The coleslaw was also lacking flavour but it was still acceptable.  I really want this place to be good but I hated everything I ate.  I saw someone else ordering the shaved beef sandwich, and it was made fresh in the kitchen, not scooped from the warmed trays in the front counter.    Next time I would come at lunch, order the shaved beef with volcano sauce and a cold side (coleslaw, potato salad, whatever) and I feel like I might avoid further disappointment.~chicken fries, chicken sandwich fries fries beef sandwich, beef potato salad 
I was looking for a Pre-Karaoke Snack or Dessert around 9pm in this region of the CITY.  I came across this place and remember the name so I looked inside the open garage door.  I walked in a narrow low doorway towards the menu board to look at what's up.  I couldn't really read the board much as the spot lights were in my eye so I picked up the take-out menu.  I was drawn to the MEAT Combo(any 2/$9) and attempted to see it on the blackboard but NOPE.  Either I was blind or just tired, but wasn't there so I ordered it anyways.  Too bad there was no Fried Chicken available, so I went for the Pulled Pork and Ribs.  I sat at one of the limited seating as it's mostly standing room dining.  The cashier staff was probably a student at the nearby Ryerson University and had good conversations with a couple customers his age.  The chef at the back was cooking my RIBS while the server opened the lid to the steam-tray to pull some Pork which was already sloppy soaked with juices.  It wasn't oil, because I took a sip of it and it wasn't oily at all.  I asked for Spicy Sauce on it which was A-OK.  When the kid came out from the back showing me the Ribs which looks completed covered BBQed, I had to go for the Volcano Sauce.  I licked a spoonful of the Volcano Sauce which was generously slathered on, and it lit my tongue on fire.  Scotch Bonnet Peppers came to my mind.  I DUG into the Pulled Pork w/Spicy Sauce to cool myself down.  The Ribs had a GREAT smell to it and I know because I put some leftovers in my bag and everywhere I went I could smell it from my bag all night.  Baby Back Ribs might have been overcooked at this time of night as it took some effort to pull the ribs off the meat.  The portion I got didn't appear to be meaty at all, so it was unfortunate.  There was plenty of smoke ring, so much that all there was was smoke ring.  The Pulled Pork was alright and the Juice that came with it really help add some flavour and wetness to the Pork/Spicy Sauce/Juice combination.  Its not what I had before but its pretty good stuff.  For this specific experience, I give the Pulled Pork 3 *Stars* and Ribs 2 *Stars*.  Overall 3 *Stars* for the Volcano Sauce waking me up enough for my next event of the night.~fried chicken 
I was walking down Church from my hotel today looking for Southern Style BBQ. Seems like every BBQ place on Yonge is Korean BBQ. Not for nothing, but I want Southern BBQ when I want BBQ. I wandered... I found it.   Smokin Bones isn't much to look at on the inside, but those are the best places. I had a rather large meal and a tall Coke Zero... 1/4 rack of fall off the bone ribs, a smokey andouille sausage, pulled pork which was good (a bit moister would have been better without the BBQ sauce, but that's my personal preference), baked beans which tasted like they were slow cooked, and cole slaw which was with mayo but not drowning. Everything here is homemade (only the sweet potato fries which would ruin the oil as the owner noted and the buns are outsourced) which is always best.   Negative was that for my taste, the middle (Spicy) BBQ sauce had too much black pepper, but I will chalk that up to individual taste.    A nice thing is that you can control how much you spend. If you're looking at lunch, you can get away under $10 and have a great meal from what I see. I had a larger meal, so my price would colour this, but I will say... VALUE VALUE VALUE. I ate really good for the price.~coke sausage, pork sweet potato 
I'm a big fan of side dishes, always have been.  The sides here are pretty good for a mainly meat-based establishment.  The mac and cheese was oh so creamy and a little spicy, which was a welcome change.  The potato salad was good, although I'm usually not into cold salads.  The cornbread also looked yummy, but I was full from the other sides already.  The portions are generous and inexpensive.  It's not really meant for dining in; I felt stared-at out on the stools at the counter.  Next time I'll get it to go.  Beverage plus: they have an array of Jones Soda and Dr Pepper.~mac and cheese 
I've pondered my star rating for Smokin' Bones for several minutes before writing this review--I want to be as fair and accurate as I possibly can be. One one hand, I've only tried one main dish here, the pulled pork sandwich, which was very good and deserves a high rating. I'm really not sure if anything else is as good, though. And while the décor is somewhat miserable and the service can be as non communicative (or uncomfortably over-communicative--one worker keeps telling my friends and me that he's been nagging at the owner to charge more for everything...hmmmm) as you get, it's all worth it because at any given time--say right now for example--I find myself craving their food.  So, to be fair, I've taken off one star for décor (I'll just pretend I'm in Bon Temps hanging with the locals eating Lafayette's home cookin'), and the service (I'll just pretend, yet again, they're Bon Temps locals who are edgy about vampires and such, but mean well). Three of the four stars go to the pulled pork sandwich with hot bbq sauce and a heap of coleslaw piled on a kaiser bun. This is what dreams are made of. At least my dreams anyway. I am SO happy they opened up in the downtown core, which frankly is void of good'n'cheap food options.  I've tried a few of the many, many sides options. The baked beans are sweet and tangy and are loaded with lots of pork! The mac'n'cheese is really good, too--much better than the tasteless goop I was served at Ceili Cottage once. One thing I'd love to see on the menu, though, is a dessert option like peach cobbler or pecan pie. We were informed by our over-communicative server that the reason they don't have dessert yet is because their oven doesn't heat up properly... tmi!   Did I mention the prices? The mere fact that the pulled pork sandwich is $6 is enough to earn a whole star on its very own, bringing the total up to four.~pork sandwich, pork sandwich pork! peach pie. pork sandwich 
Over the past couple of months, I've tried their pulled pork sandwich , andouille sausage sandwich, babyback ribs, and fried chicken. I believe that the only side I've ever gotten here is their sweet potato fries. I always seem to come at non-peak times and since a lot of their food is kept warm at a steam table, my perception may be coloured by the question of "how long has that been sitting there now..."  Both times I've tried the pulled pork, it was kind of dry and the sauce was the only defense against it. That being said, their bbq sauce doesn't really wow me (both spicy and regular renditions). The bun it came on was different on the two occasions since they changed it (due to customer feedback) from a more traditional white bun to a denser one that would hold together better. I'm a fan of the more traditional one just because I don't believe you should get away with eating pulled pork without making a mess and really getting into your food but it is worth noting how they take feedback and actually change because of it.   Andouille sausage was pretty decent but I don't think it takes as well to their newer bun. It's also not as filling as I would like it to be. Their ribs were dry and not as fall off the bone tender as I would have liked.  Their fried chicken is pretty damn good (probably because they make it to order) but I believe they've taken it off the menu now since not enough people were buying it and it's not worth the effort of making it to order (which is truly unfortunate since it was moist and not overly greasy).  Never really had a problem with their sweet potato fries (except it was once a bit oversalted but hey that happens).  I'm not opposed to going here at all when I'm in the area but I don't make an effort to really go. There's not a lot of places that are geographically close to their location that fills their culinary niche (and especially not at the same price).~pork sandwich , sausage sandwich, fried chicken 
Smokin' Bones ain't much to look at; their interior decoration budget looks to be nonexistent. Regardless, when they're dishing out sandwiches this big and this cheap you're not going to hear any complaints from me.  The Pulled Pork Sandwich ($6) comes with a huge pile of juicy pulled pork. The bun is just a basic kaiser style, but at least it doesn't have any of that weird sweetness I've had in buns at other Southern BBQ joints. The BBQ sauce is made in house and also great; it comes in mild, spicy, or volcano. The volcano isn't quite as spicy as the name would suggest, but it's got a bit of a kick.  If your appetite is big enough you can order one of the many sides for $3. I had the fresh cut, shoestring style French fries and they were excellent. The red beans on rice was also good, though there was a little too much rice for the amount of beans.  Although I didn't try it, they have a lunch special for $6 that looks like a great deal. You get a sandwich with your choice of meat, one of several sides, rice, and salad. I assume the sandwich in the lunch special is smaller than the normal sandwich, but still, that's a great deal.  The menu has a ton of other stuff that I'm excited to try, like pulled chicken, jambalaya, and mac 'n' cheese. Apparently they're going to start offering house made pie soon as well.  There are a couple things that could be improved upon. First, the aforementioned crappy decor, which doesn't bother me, but could be an issue to some. The place is honestly a little ugly and uninviting inside. It is at least very clean and they have a few tables and counters to eat at, though not enough chairs.  My second complaint is that they don't have ketchup left out to be used for the fries. You have to ask one of the staff and they fill up a little paper container with ketchup for you. Minor, but a little weak. Seriously, just put a couple bottles of ketchup out.~pork sandwich ( pork. french fries 
Saw it in the Yelp email the other day and wanted to try it out.  Had the pulled pork which was piled high with meat and smothered in thier spicy BBQ sauce.  Brought it back to the office and had everyone drooling over it.   Enjoyed every moment of it and wore the sauce on my face.  Needed a few moist napkins to get through it.  I would definatly go back .  Saw that they will be offering delivery in the spring~pork 
This place might become more well known for their pulled pork sandwiches.  They are fabulous.  The sauce looks a bit like thick ketchup in consistency but adds a really great flavour to the sandwich... along with the coleslaw.  Yum.    I like the ribs.  The sides are very homemade tasting, which I think is great.  It was like eating mom's food.  I think the baked beans are a bit too sweet though, and the mac and cheese a little bit bland (could use just a bit more flavour).  My hubby and I decided to try as many things as we could for a good value but it ended up being a bit pricey for the amount of food we got.  Like 32 - 34 bucks for a half rack of back ribs (very small and were supposed to be beef ribs but they didn't have any) for 12.00 ( a full rack is 18.00 with NO sides mind you), you have to add sides to all of their meals which is and extra 3.50 for one side and a pop.  I think that for what they give you, that a side should be included as the sides are very small.  We also got the 2 meats for 9 bucks deal and you get a small piece of great fried chicken (it was great cuz it was fresh and that can be a rarity at most franchised places here in Toronto), and the back ribs because again I was supposed to get beef ribs but they didn't have any so because you only get like two or three bones in the 2 for $9.00 meal we just got the half rack more of back ribs.  We again had to add 3.50 to this for a side of and a pop, and we also added another side of coleslaw for 3 bucks.  My husband also got another pulled pork sandwich for 6 bucks (add 1 dollar for coleslaw on top but we bought our own coleslaw as a side so the hubby used that).  We figure the best value are their grand opening specials, which are inevitably going to go away in the coming months if they stay open, but the pulled pork on Wednesday's is $5.00, great value for an 8oz pulled pork sandwich.  Both my husband and I are most impressed with the sandwich, AND that the food was comfort food, you didn't feel sick or overly full after you ate it.    I must admit, we here in Canada need to do something about the amount we charge for this stuff... if I was in Detroit I could get the same things and A LOT more of it for like 20 something bucks and feed a family of four.  I know our dollar doesn't stretch as far here and cost of living is different, but seriously...I think the owner would do better if the side and pop was included in his meals.  The downside is his portions are small.  BUT, his ribs and sauce are MUCH better than Phil's Original, in my opinion, the only reason Phil's gets play is because he had proof on the food network that he had a smoker in the back.  But let me tell you, he knows nothing about the authenticity of soul food and bbq (his sauce is way too sour), if you're looking for a more authentic soul food experience in Toronto, which people here know very little about, go to Smokin' Bones...Good on ya guys! Keep up the good work.  Oh, and they are adding jamabalya, gumbo, collard greens :-)p,  and beans and rice to the menu soon.~pork sandwich... mac and cheese 
This is a most welcome addition to the neighbourhood. It's right up the street from my work and I can grab lunch for $10. The pulled pork sandwiches are fantastic - tender and moist. The bun could be better - it's your basic white bread, not crusty bun - but it's not bad. A good piece of bread could elevate a sandwich to heroic standards but these BBQ places seem to like the lifeless types of bread. Had the fried chicken, too, which was not too greasy but tasteless. Tried the shaved beef with a side of mac & cheese today and went back to work happy. Looking forward to trying the gumbo when it hits the menu.~pork white sandwich fried chicken 
Good Value for the $. May not impress southern pulled pork fans. Pulled pork had a decent level of smoke flavour but could be stronger. Hot sauce was good but more of a northern style. I prefer more vinegar in the sauce.   Need crustier buns which can hold up to the end. Definitely would try again.~pork pork 
A decent local bar located in the Idlewild shopping plaza off of 485. They have a gulf coast atmosphere. Nicely decorated. Pretty basic menu for lunch and casual dinner. Burgers, Po Boys, and the like. Plenty of tv's to catch games on. It's not Cheers but there is definitely a feel of locals stopping in for a brew. They have music, DJs and bands at night so it's worth checking out for that alone.~burgers, 
"A taste of Alabama's Gulf coast" is right in matthews.... Easily accessible by 485, (the Idlewild road exit) Skinnyz is in the corner of a shopping center and a nice slice of paradise in NC.    You can grab a cold one at the bar and also enjoy their unique offerings... Fried gator.... I haven't had the pleasure but the grouper is pretty amazing.  They also have traditional burgers and sandwiches if seafood is not your thang.  Come in and relax in an anarondeck chair booth or at the bar and enjoy some beach music and good company!  The bar is a little grass hit with the restaurants dollar bills hanging all over it.  Definitely a unique place and right near my house!!!~burgers 
Definitely an interesting place, and not too many people would expect to see a little island flavor in a strip mall off of 485, so there is that. The walls are adorned with all sorts of goodies to help take your mind off the fact that you are indeed just in a strip mall, and the bar itself is outfitted like a tiki bar.  items on the menu are not overly surprising for a bar - you have some burgers and some fish and there is even fried gator on the menu, if you're feeling adventurous (while I've had fried gator before, I haven't had it here).  Staff is friendly, but when I've been, the place is typically empty. That isn't necessarily a bad thing, except it doesn't really explain why the food takes a while to come out and isn't terribly interesting. If there isn't anyone else there, the food should be able to be served pronto, and they could take a little care.  I get it, i've done my time in restaurants, so when no customers are there, the day can drag, but you have to make those that are there want to come back or no one will ever come back!~burgers 
Dinner Saturday night with 2 other friends. The place was full but the staff was very accommodating and they setup a table in just a few minutes. We ordered the meat platter for 4 people. It came with chicken, pork, and lamb gyro slices, greek sausage, home fries, lots of salade and a couple of dipping sauces. The lamb and chicken gyro was not very good. The chicken was tasteless, the lamb was over cooked and had a very heavy lamb smell which usually indicates that it was not fresh. On the other hand the sausage and pork were very good.  Lots of people are raving about the lamb, unfortunately I didn't have a good experience and my sister which had dined there a month earlier agrees with me.  We did have a very nice evening thanks to the friendly staff. Thank you Irene and Voula, you guys are great.~chicken, pork, lamb sausage, fries, lamb chicken gyro chicken lamb lamb sausage pork lamb, 
We hired Merry Maids to help clean our home before we sold it. Suzanne came in and gave us a quote and setup a date for them to come and clean. When the day came to clean, only 1 person showed up, so we had to reschedule. Two people finally showed up the 2nd time and did an amazing job, but supposedly took longer to clean because the neighbor came over and chatted with maids.  Because of this, we were charged for that extra hour. The Merry Maids should've told the neighbor that they were working and that we would be charged that extra hour. This wasn't even told to us when Suzanne came over to give us a quote. This is a poor business practice. So disappointing since I have used them in the past (Tempe office) and have had no problems.~date 
I have volunteered with Helping Hands twice now.  The first time was delivered kosher meals to local Senior Citizens.  We met on a Monday morning at a local Jewish Community Centery off of Tropicana (this was the last time that they were utilizing this as a pantry, they now have their own facility in North Las Vegas).  There were only 8 Seniors who required delivery that day, so there were only 3 of us volunteering.  We unpacked boxes of koshers meals and redistributed the selections to give each person a variety.  It was really easy.  Lorri, the volunteer director gave us each 3 deliveries, with directions from the location and the directions from house to house.  It couldn't have been easier.  All of my deliveres were near each other and it all took less than 2 hours.  The 2nd time, I picked up a pastry donation from a local Starbucks to take to the Helping Hands office by Palace Station.  I then had to count and sort the pastries and place them in plastic baggies and then put them in the freezer.  This all took about an hour.  Everyone in the organization is friendly, and I loved meeting the seniors I took the meals too.  They were genuinely grateful for the deliveries and it made me feel really good to be helping out.~pastries 
I recently joined Snap Fitness with a friend/coworker of mine. We've both been members of Las Vegas Athletic Club for a good number of years now, so it was a tough decision to join Snap.   Snap is not considered a competitor of the usual suspects like 24 Hour, Golds Gym, or LVAC. They're a small chain with more modest amenities. But because of that, they are a LOT less crowded which equates to not having to wait for equipment. The gentleman who signed us up gave us a deal that actually made it as cheap as LVAC (which is arguably the cheapest in town).   One big draw for us was that Snap is conveniently located across the street from us at work. They have more locations in the Las Vegas area, though usually located on the edges of town. They have locations across the country, also, and your membership works at any of these locations.   The other big factor was that the gentleman said we can hit pads/focus mits there, as we both train in Muay Thai. Other gyms would not allow this as they're normally too crowded.   The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is that the facility does not have a shower or even a changing room. They do have bathrooms and cubbies to store your belongings in, though.   For those of you who want a no-frills place to work out and not have to wait for gym equipment, I highly recommend Snap Fitness.~thai. 
Wow sad to say my experience this time was complete crap. Where to even begin haha, well I came in to get a new hair color(I am platinum blonde And I wanted to go a Carmel brown) She said she was goin to do an all over foil with the caramel color throughout my hair, that way I will still have some of the blonde hair that was already still in my hair. When she was washing the color out, she used a toner to tone down the blonde I still had in my hair. Well the first toner didnt even work, so she used another type of toner, still didn't  even work. So, she just ended up drying my hair as is. It looked pretty nice, I liked it. She offered to add more caramel colors to it so I said yes. I think she expected me to say no because she was like "oh well, we already did so much today, maybe you should schedule another appointment with me and we can just continue then." Ummm okay??? Why did you even offer then? So when I went to pay, she said it was 140 dollars. I thought to myself that couldn't be right because it didn't seem like she did that much work for it to be that much money. I asked her why it was that much and she said "we colored your hair one whole color then added highlights and toned your hair twice" She ended up charging my for the toners that didn't even work on my hair, which is fine I guess. But she never colored my hair one color then highlighted it. She did a foil on my head with the caramel color, the highlights that were in my hair were from the blonde hair I had when I originally walked into the salon. I looked online and for a full foil on your hair, it's 80 bucks not 140. I wouldn't mind paying so much for my hair if she ended up putting all that work in but she didn't. She completely over changed me for services she never did. I told her that and of course she got all snippy and threw a fit. I just paid it and tossed a 20 dollar tip her way, which she didn't deserve. I'm not coming back here ever and unless you like being over charged for things your stylists didn't do then you should avoid this place too.~brown) caramel caramel caramel 
I'm so thankful one of the only juice and smoothie bars in the area is this good! Plus, it's right across the street from Chipotle and provides a quick, healthier out for my sometimes poor lunchtime decisions. The workers are always fast and friendly, no matter how busy. My only "complaint" is that the menu tends to stick to fruitier, sweet smoothies and doesn't really incorporate anything like peanut butter, chocolate, etc.~smoothie smoothies butter, 
Was so excited to see a legit juice and smoothie bar in Mentor! The menu has the typical offerings one would expect to see and there is something for everyone. I settled on the Pina Coolada after a confusing, albeit funny chat with the owner  (see below). They also have wraps and salads which I am looking forward to trying.   My only small gripe was that I searched for the menu online before I went and found what I thought was the Pulp website which had an amazing array of juice blends and smoothies. I arrived and went to order the drink I saw online and thats when the owner said that they don't yet have a website. Confused, i told him that I definitely was at a website that had the same logo as the one on his menu. Well...apparently I was at the website of the Pulp locations for the United Arab Emirates which wasn't even technically part of the Pulp in Ohio! Long story short, they don't have a website up yet so if you are looking to see the offerings ahead of time you'll be SOL.~smoothie wraps salads smoothies. 
I go in regularly and get the same thing everytime it's become almost a daily routine. Usually it's a "hi what can I get for you today" but Sunday was a different story... Sunday I had walked in there were a bunch of workers but one stood out the most by the way her friends were leaning around talking to her the entire time making other customers feel a bit uncomfortable. It felt like gossip hour more then a smoothie place. Just not a cool vibe.~smoothie 
So ewww my fiancee and I went to pulp in mentor and the girl with long brown hair was making smoothies WITHOUT gloves . so I asked her to put on gloves and she responded" do you both want gloves" I did yes so she then tells the other girl" I can't make theirs you have to because they want me to wear gloves". Um yes I don't want your poop filled hands touching our smoothie.... just gross plus I'm sure that's health violation. And they don't wear hair nets... Just gross~brown smoothies smoothie.... 
We are regulars at pulp and want to be able to give this place a fair review. I had a pleasurable experience the last time I went ! We ordered sandwhiche sand smoothies which were delicious. It did take a while because they were fairly busy and we understood them taking all the orders before making ours. It did take about 18 minutes for us to get our smoothies. Luckily we have a very good toddler who was fine with waiting and ordered her one of there big cookies to hold her over.  We went in today however and my husband entered first and paid for his smoothie without my coupon. I had a bogo and was going to get a smoothie ! I came in one minute after he paid and asked the girls I I could still use it.  She was like nope. Not no sorry at the least.   So I ended up heading somewhere else for my lunch !~smoothies smoothies. cookies smoothie smoothie ! 
It's a decent variety of gluten-free items, which is great (including some things I've never seen elsewhere, like GF perogies!) but it's REALLY overpriced. For instance, a 4-pack of Udi bagels is 8.99 here, vs. 5.99 at Sobey's or Metro. They have some items made fresh on-site, but they're also quite expensive. One nice thing is they have many baked goods, etc. available for order, so for someone who needs to order a cake or meal and be guaranteed it's gluten-free, it might be worth it.  There's a good amount of parking in the area, though the storefront is a little obscured and it can be easy to miss.~cake 
This was my first baby and I was excited to find a midwife who took my insurance.....     Claudine was going through some personal things which took a toll on her professional relationship with me. My first appointment was in March and it was amazing, both my husband and I were very excited and switched from our normal OB to Claudine. Starting in April we tried to reach the birth center for a month and a half... No calls were being returned. In May I got a hold of the front office and an appointment was scheduled. I didn't know it wouldn't be with Claudine(she was out of town). Had I known I wouldn't have made an appointment until she was back. It was with one of her daughters. That appointment left me sad and I felt like I wasn't doing good for my baby. Kris had told me I would have gestational diabetes(which I didn't) and that my water wouldn't break on its own(which it did) she told me I was high risk and would not be able to deliver at the center because of my weight..  Yes I was overweight to begin with. I gained less than 30 lbs in my pregnancy. Kris told me I would be seeing her for the next month. I told my husband I wanted to switch back to our OB. He talked me into staying because we had liked Claudine so much and this is something I had always wanted. I scheduled my next appointment two weeks out. To my surprise Claudine was there. We talked about a doula and a birthing class. She told me she would put together a date and let me know so I could meet the doulas and pick one for the rest of my pregnancy. A month went by. Things were okay. Claudine was late to appointments and we would be waiting in the parking lot for someone to get there. Claudine held a meet the doula night however failed to inform me. At my next appointment she asked why I wasn't there. I told her I didn't know about it. The beginning of August she asked about my paperwork from my original OB. The birth center hadn't called them to request it which they said they would. I thought they would have it taken care of within the first few weeks I transferred. Claudine did find me a doula for my last month.  My first appointment in August Claudine checked me and said I was 90% effaced and 4cm dilated and I could go at any time . A week before my due date which was August 27th Claudine checked me again and told me I was at 2cm dilated and that she had never made that mistake before. And she put me at 80% effaced. My water broke August 31st at 345am...contractions were here and there. Claudine told me to stay home... Nap, relax and just enjoy the process. She had me meet her at the birth center 845pm. I was there for two hours... Both her and her daughter checked me and stated I was at a sloppy 2 cm dilated and that because my water broke so early on the day I would probably have to go to the hospital because at the 24 hour mark they want to transfer out.we decided to go home and see if we could get the contractions closer together. I was devastated and at 6am we texted Claudine who told us to meet her at the birth center around 7. I told my husband I would just rather go to the hospital. Which we did. Claudine recommended Mercy Gilbert and that was the best thing that came out of all of this. I feel like the only reason Claudine had me come in at 845pm on the 31st was to keep my deposit I had paid to have my baby at the center. I was never a patient but a paycheck. I requested a refund and was told by their daughter Sarah I wouldn't be receiving one because I had come to the birth center on the 31st. I stated Claudine had told us that night she would refund us something. For the two hours I was in the birth center they billed my insurance $8000 and I didn't even have my baby there. Kashuna told me a refund would be issued for a portion of my deposit. After many emails and a few phone calls half of my money was returned with a verbal commitment that the other half would be issued in February as the center was low on funds and would need other people's insurance claims to come in to cover it.  February came and I emailed Kashuna with my updated address. She told me I would not be getting the second half of the money. I stated I would be contacting an attorney and we would go from there. A check was issued for the remaining balance of my money. I came across the Yelp review from August 3rd and decided I needed to say something. I don't think my insurance was billed correctly. I do think I was just a payday for them. Kashuna told me back in  December (2015) if I wrote a Yelp review it would be cowardly.~date date 
A friend and I went to the Langley's Country Market and thought the store was kind of cute but they carry items that you can get up the road for cheaper.  The thing that really got me was their "petting zoo".  It had a goat, sheep and a chicken coop.  Look at the pictures posted on here.  The chickens were literally standing in (standing) water and their own feces.  The sheep and the goat had nowhere to stand because there was standing water in about 90% of the fenced off area that they had.  Oh...did I mention that the sheep and goat had absolutely NO shelter and were out in the blazing sun?!  They have a sign that reads "Fresh Market"....one of the things they sell are "fresh eggs".  Not sure if the eggs are coming from their chickens but regardless, I would not buy anything from this place!~chicken 
I have lived in and around this area and have passed it dozens of times, but I had no idea that this place even existed! I bought a Groupon for them and even then I waited until it almost expired before I used it.   When I bought the Groupon I thought it was like a fancy grocery store but this is pretty much the best of what Gilbert has to offer locally in one country looking setting.   I picked up what has to be the most expensive pasta I've ever purchased in my life, with some matching sauce to go with it. I haven't cooked with it yet but their pasta was a significant part of the market, and a place like this don't stay open with bad food so I can't wait to eat it!   I also bought some Lime Olive Oil which I swear comes from that Queen Creek Olive Mill. It came with a great recipe for Lime Tequila Chicken Fajita's which came out bomb!   These guys also sold Udder Delights by the pint and some other local fare. It looks as though you could have a picnic out here too, they had a nice set up with tables and it had this nice farm setting. The couple working (I assume owners) were very friendly and helpful. I probably wouldn't shop here often but for a special home cooked meal this is the spot to go!   Protip: It's right across the street from this awesome park/riparian preserve so make a morning of it. Bring some bread to feed the ducks and take a stroll.~pasta pasta lime olive olive lime chicken 
My wife and I just stopped by for the first time and really enjoyed the service and products they have. We bought the Milky Ranch Beef ribeye's and really look forward to trying them. I love the fact that a lot (not all) of their products are local. We also walked the grounds and it looked like the animals are treated just fine. We look forward to continuing to shop there.~beef 
WE WENT AND BOUGHT OUR CHRISTMAS TREE HERE.  BEAUTIFUL TREE AT A GOOD PRICE!  I love this little store and so do my kids.  We go sometimes on a Friday night  buy Gelato Ice Cream and let the kids play outside with the animals.  They have 2 cute bunnies and a bunch of Chickens that look happy and healthy. Recently they had baby chicks that my kids loved.    If you know anything about farming you need to irrigate every month (which is probably why some of the other reviewers saw standing water)....but I would be nervous for the animals if they didn't irrigate.  The animals looked like they had plenty of shade and they seem happy and healthy to me.  They have fresh coffee and great fresh local veg which in fact this summer the corn and watermelon was less expensive then the local grocery store.  My kids ask if we can go back every weekend......although, we can't go every weekend we go as much as we can.~ice cream coffee corn 
I heard about this store after purchasing a Groupon. The website really piqued my interest and I had high hopes of a "country market" type store with local produce and fresh products. Initially, I giggled to myself when parking because of the cute little building and gravel parking... I felt like I was in Idaho! And then, I went inside. :-/. Okay so the store had only been open a short time, but it looked like a ton of customers had sampled the tester salsa bowls (with the lack of customers, one would have to assume that they were not all that fresh). Gross!!!  There were some tasty looking bottles of Olive Oils and other local items, but nothing you can't get at the farmer's market at a lower price. The worst part was out back, the nursery and picnic area. I do not want to support a place with animals (a goat, a sheep, and 2 chickens) wading around in mud, standing water, and their own poo! Hopefully the hot 100 degree weather will help with the water issue... But without access to any shade, I doubt the animals would hope for the same. Thank goodness Groupon was understanding of my lack of interest in making any purchases here. They refunded my account in no time.~salsa olive 
Looking for a great place to start your happy hour at New York New York I recommend checking out the Big Apple Bar. My friends and I stopped there for a couple drinks before dinner, and were having a great time. The service is great too which is always a plus.~apple 
There are no recent reviews of this place so I have to assume they have closed or changed the name. So here's a possible eulogy.  9 of us experienced females, having just shared a pint of JD in the hotel room, had situated ourselves at the end of the bar. Conveniently, we were located a) right near the band (check out the dude who plays the yellow guitar)  b) right near the bartender and c) right near a $1 blackjack machine. By this time Susan had arrived and was dolled up and ready. She ordered a Lemon Drop, and many other people thought that was a great idea and followed suit. Patricia put a $20 in the blackjack machine, we drank, milled around, sang loudly, and all took turns playing blackjack hands and shrieking. To give an idea of the general atmosphere in The Big Apple Bar that night, we were barely noticed.  At some point we decided it was time to leave The Big Apple Bar. I recall as we ascended the escalator from the casino floor Susan asking me, "are we inside or outside?"~lemon apple apple 
Shirin was the agent "I thought" I got stuck with, I actually went to the Masheed team, and was expecting to work with Masheed, however Shirin was the person I was told I would having hanlde my purchase. I was skeptical at first, and felt like... you know when you go to a large attorney's office, but get the new paralegal instead.   However, that being said I didn't know what a blessing I was receiving at the time,  words cannot begin to describe how lucky I have been to work with Shirin on my home. My deal was small by comparison but she never made me feel small or insignificant in anyway; especially when I know she has high end clientele. She took time and put a lot of care and consideration into my measly transaction. She knows the value of people and every person she meets is important to her.    Shirin understood the significance of getting me into my house and followed up on ALL angles possible to ensure that I would be able to attain my new home, and get everything I wanted in the budget I setup. She not only got me all my requirements for my home, but she made the process seem like a piece of cake. I don't really think it's that easy, I've purchased a home before, and it seemed impossible to get what I wanted in my budget.  She kept me informed, and educated on the process, as a lot has changed in real estate since I first purchased way back when. Also she continues to follow up with me to make sure I am still happy and loving it. I seriously can't thank her enough.  She gives everything she has to her clients. She is all about integrity, honesty  and excellence. The one thing that sang to my heart was her attention to detail (I'm a little OCD), her sincerity, patience and on top of all this, she is such a kind soul. I really can't imagine getting any better service than this.   She is undeniably the BEST at what she does.~cake. 
I was in the market to buy a home here in Las Vegas. My girlfriend and I were put in touch with Shirin Lieberman. From the moment we met her she put our minds at ease. Shirin is excellent at communication which is something I value. From our first meeting we came up with a list of "must haves" and "have nots" and Shirin went to work finding us a home. She always made herself available to show homes and was always willing to work with our schedule. Once we found the home we wanted she went to work for us speaking with the seller's agent and ended up getting more than $10,000 off of the asking price of the home!  Shirin was great at keeping us up-to-date on anything that changed whether by phone call, text message or email. Anytime I didn't understand what something was she would explain it and made me feel that much more comfortable. Her first priority is her client (you), she wants what is best for you and she genuinely seems to enjoy her job.   We just closed on a home and even up until the very end Shirin was right there with us, keeping us informed of important dates. She even went with me to sign the final loan documents just in case I had any questions, which I did.   Looks like tomorrow we will be getting our keys to our home and we could not be happier. Shirin Lieberman did a great job and we will absolutely use her as our agent a second time if we are ever in the market to buy another home. We will also feel more than comfortable referring our friends and family to her. She's great!~date 
I participated in the 2014 Color Run and declined to do the 2015 run because the price was ridic. Even on Livingsocial and Groupon, the going rate was $45! The 2014 packet included a t-shirt, temporary tattoo, sweatband, bag, and a packet of color to use as you saw fit. BTW it was a lot cheaper last year ($25).    The course was held in Downtown Fremont and drew a huge amount of people. They had to release runners in waves every 5 minutes or so. Needless to day, I didn't start the race on time because I was stuck among the crowds for 20+ minutes.   There were points during the race where volunteers powdered you with color. The color is basically dyed cornstarch, so it's safe, although you're likely to have colorful boogers for the next few days!!   Color Runs have become massively popular in the 5k fun run arena. Yes, they're pretty fun but after doing 5+ different variations on Color Runs they start to get a little old.    PRO TIP: This a run for casual runners. Also, tutus are a hit here.  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #83~cornstarch, 
This place is awesome!! Located right beside the Brossard Bus Terminus (Panama) it's the perfect place to go for a snack while waiting for the bus.  As a vegetarian, their tofu dogs are unbeatable as is their poutine.    They are open super late weekdays and on weekends.    Service is generally quick. I've order food for take out with only 15 minutes to spare before having to catch my bus.    Been in once before when they refused to cook tofu dogs because they had cleaned the grill for the night and didn't want to make them for me. I think it was 11pm... Only negative experience I've ever had there.~tofu tofu 
2 Michigan's with cheese, fries and a bottle water $12.54 ouch served extremely quick.~cheese, fries 
Stayed here for about four days for a family vacation. We requested for an early check in since my family and I drove here from NYC and wanted to get some sleep once we arrive to the hotel. We received a notification on their app about our room being ready for check-in around 10am. We arrived at the hotel around 1pm and checked in immediately to find out that they had the wrong room booked for us. We booked a 2 queen 1 sofa bed room, but they gave us 1 king and 1 sofa bed. We notified the front desk which they were able to quickly fix the mistake. We just had to wait about 30 minutes for our correct room to be ready.   The room was nice and clean when we checked in and there weren't much to complain. The bathroom sink was probably clogged since the water went down pretty slow, but no one complained since it did not really bother us. The kitchen was fully equipped with dining and cooking utensils. It used an electric stove. We barely used it since we were always out. For anyone who decided to sleep on the sofa bed, be warned that it gets pretty cold there since it is literally right next to the air conditioning. My family kept readjusting the temperature to satisfy everyone, but it got complicated. The blanket provided for the sofa bed was thin so we requested an extra blanket for my sister who was sleeping on it (which was the same as the one provided for the soda bed so she was using two thin blankets). One pet peeve was that our room kept short circuiting when we touched a lamp so we would have to reset it a couple of times, but once we realized that touching the lamp near the beds caused the short circuit we stopped touching it and the problem stopped. Other than that, the beds were super comfy! We requested housekeeping once during our stay and they definitely did a good job fixing the room and cleaning it! Felt like our first day of check in.  Included in our stay was a breakfast buffet from 6:30am to 9:30am. My family always woke up to get some breakfast which was always satisfying! Don't expect anything fancy, but it was still good enough to satisfy hungry bellies. They had fruit juices, cereal, hot food and fruits. Coffee was free throughout the whole day, but my sister said it didn't taste good so I would skip it and head down to Tim Hortons. The bananas were not ripe but I still took some to my room to eat later in the week if I'm ever hungry at night.  My sisters liked the bagels and I enjoyed their muffins. They also had a pool and gym room. Both were pretty small and empty, but it doesn't hurt to check it out.   Free wi-fi, complimentary parking, free breakfast, and great reception area. I'll definitely consider booking my stay here whenever I return to Mississsauga!~coffee 
I have been staying in Toronto for the past 5 weekends and this by far the best hotel I have stayed in yet. The convince of being downtown Toronto (in over priced hotels and parking) and walking distance to the hospital does not outweigh the feeling of home you have here. It is a 25 min drive downtown without traffic, but so worth it.  The free breakfast and coffee in the morning is delicious. The rooms are fantastic! Never had bedding smell so clean and fresh. Full size coffee maker and fridge is a great bonus. Will definitely stay here again! I am actually looking forward to staying again!  I would recommend this to family and friends.  Thank you TownePlace Suites for your incredible hospitality~coffee coffee 
I stayed here for 3 nights for business.  The hotel is close to Toronto Pearson airport - about a 10-12 minute drive.  There are nearby restaurants and grocery stores (some restaurants within a brisk walk, but better to have a car) and there was always parking available in front of the hotel.  Pros: -Staff was very friendly and helpful.  They would greet you as you walk by and help you with any questions. -WIFI was fast, room was clean and spacious. -Breakfast had host foods - eggs and sausage -Since each room has a full kitchen, it was nice to have grocery stores nearby.  I frequented Longo's as they had fresh fruit and tasty prepared foods. -Gym had free weights up to 50 lbs and 3 new treadmills.  Cons: -The doors entering into the lobby are not automatic.  The inner door was always propped open and the outer door has an automatic handicap door activator, but it was a bit of a hassle to press the button each time when walking with hands full -The hotel is one big giant square, so some rooms are located far from the elevator. -TV did not have any movie channels  If I am in the area for business, I would probably stay here again.~sausage 
I am not particularly fond of the Sobey's brand in general, but it is conveniently located in a plaza on a busy road. It is easy to access and there is ample parking.   This location has been a grocery store for years and years, so it doesn't have the same modern touches as the newer locations, but it is always clean.   There is a wide variety of hot and cold lunches. There's a sushi station with seating, freshly made pizza and everything from Chinese food to cabbage rolls to chicken fingers and fries. Their salads are alright. Nothing special.   They have more recently added a housewares section where you can purchase everything from oven mits to place mats to pots and pans - predominantly Jamie Oliver.    Their bulk section is almost non-existent.   There doesn't seem to be a high turnover rate which is great from a customer service stand point.   Their price point is slightly higher than the Food Basics or the No Frills of the world and I don't necessarily find they have any better selection of fruit and veggies.   Overall a decent place to shop if you're in the immediate area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.~sushi pizza cabbage chicken fingers fries. salads 
As there's a distinct lack of restaurants within reasonable walking distance, my coworkers and I frequently find ourselves heading here to grab some lunch. The prepared foods section here is actually pretty good - nice selection of salads, sandwiches and wraps, some Chinese food, wings, chicken, potato wedges, etc. Quality is pretty good, and prices are not too bad. Avoid the already-baked pizza, though - it's not very good - and be sure to check the expiry date on the multi-pack of sandwiches.  Favourites: the fruit & yogurt parfait cups -about the same price as common fast food chains, but twice as big, your choice of three or four fruits, fresher and more granola. The garlic Parmesan rolls are also excellent.  The rest of the store is pretty standard for a suburban grocery store - maybe a little small compared to the rest of Oakville's stores, but roughly the same selection, just less out on the floor.  One last thing: service is pretty good. It's sometimes difficult to get your order across to the people at the prepared foods counter, but the cashiers are nice, and sometimes even appropriately cheeky.  (If the cashier remembers not only that you have the shoppers club card, but that she's the one who finally got you to sign up, and after approximately how long... does that mean you're going there too often?)~salads, wraps, chicken, potato pizza date garlic 
I don't normally go to this store but since a few items I intended on buying were on sale I decided to switch things up.  I will NEVER make that mistake again.   My experience was fine until I went to check out.  The cashier, Bev, was the rudest and most inconsiderate person I have ever come across. She completely turned me off of ever walking into that store again.   From start to finish she was extremely rude. So much so that my daughter whispered to me, "that lady is rude". If a six year old is picking up on it, then what does that tell you?   Perhaps, she was having a bad day or something I did rubbed her the wrong way but the instant I walked up to her till she had a very unfriendly demeanor towards me.   It is not worth saving $5 on a $200 grocery bill to be treated like that.~instant 
I came here before I discovered Fiesta Farms Garden Centre http://www.yelp.ca/biz... and now I realize I paid too much for stuff that wasn't even organic. (If only someone had Yelped about Fiesta Farms Garden Centre before me!)  While the vibe at Fiesta Farms is tree-hugging and hands-on, Summerhill Nursery & Floral is more posh, with an air of "Muffy, darling, the gardener will handle it." There's a heavy emphasis on decorative landscaping; trees, shrubs, and topiaries galore. No surprise that this place sits at the base of Rosedale where multimillion-dollar homes boast precision-cut lawns and flower beds Martha Stewart would cream her toile garden pants over.  The centre is sprawling, and difficult to navigate if you don't know your perennials from your annuals, but the selection is eye-buggingly extensive. I'll know where to come when I get that white-picket-fenced house but, for now, it doesn't best serve my particular needs for an edible garden on my low-rent deck.  This place is close to the Dupont subway station but there's also a parking lot in the rear if your chauffeur happens to be waiting with the Jag.~white- 
La pizza est pas mal du tout et pas trop dispendieuse.~pizza 
I have been to this place so many times and the standards are still the same. Not a very fancy place but the food is good. The highlight of this pizza place compared to others is tomato sauce. The same sauce is used in their pasta dishes and their pizzas and it is simply delicious. They are also very generous on the pizza toppings which is always a good thing.~pizza tomato pasta pizza 
Great traditional montreal Pizza. Go there many many times with the kids. Nothing fancy of a place in fact its a dive....but the pizza is good while everythng else is just OK. I am only rating the Pizza.~pizza pizza pizza 
I just had Dairy queen tonight for Dinner not what you expect when you go to a Dairy queen for food Yes on the Blizzards, Ice cream cones, u name it. Let me first start off with the entrance. Trash every where in plain view of the customer eye sight, Yes the dining room is clean and comfy depending on the type of day and how well the staff keeps up with the cleaning.     second thing If you order food its not what you expect its like someone spent all night from 9pm or when ever they close until when ever cooking these patties at home and bringing in to work and not cooking them on site like McDonalds or Wendy's.     The Female manager/owner of this location is rude and not friendly at all. They judge people based on the service we customers give them. One thing I find interesting is they just randomly going up to customers and telling them to not return.     So if you have a Problem with your service and business don't bother letting this Dairy queen location know because they wont do anything about it. One thing I notice when I ordered a Blizzard to go even though I had a coupon for a 1 off large Blizzard the staff gave me a small Blizzard not what the coupon said and they ripped me off.~ice cream 
We had a GREAT dinner there on Saturday.  We were celebrating my aunt's birthday, and we ordered from the regular and special menus.  I had a truly wonderful chicken Madiera, my hubby had meat loaf, which is always a "tell" for a good place, my uncle had fried haddock which was crunchy and not at all greasy, and my aunt also had the chicken Madiera, which was fork-tender.  We also had great service - attentive without being too much, and we completely enjoyed our meal.  We will definitely visit this location again.~chicken chicken 
Better than apaches with more selection. Try this place out if you want breakfast or lunch or a burger. 4 stars only because they are not open late.~burger. 
I stumbled upon this place, while too starving and freezing to wait at the subway station for my ride. My eyes never travel to this side of Dundas because I am loyal to the place directly across the street (the previously reviewed "Apache Burger"). Yesterday, however, I took the pedestrian route, and ended up right in front of a place I'd driven by hundreds of times, but never set foot in.  Who wants to cross a busy street in such brutal weather? Not I. Thus, I walked into this new-old dive and had a good feeling when I saw the two serious-faced, European gentlemen behind the counter. They looked like they could be long-lost uncles of mine, and this somehow translated into assuming they knew how to make a mean Souvlaki (for the record I'm not Greek, but somewhat close to it). One never cracked a smile, the other traded minimal banter with me, and I must say that this worked well because the food really spoke for itself, and I think they knew that.  The pieces were large, juicy and tender, the rice and salad just right and the potatoes were perfect- the flavour was soaked all the way through and they melted in my mouth. I've never been to Greece, but it somehow tasted more "authentic", more homemade than most of the attempts at Greek food that I've tried (which I know are mostly watered-down kinds of places for the most part, since I don't usually seek it out), and I really got the feeling that the way they cook here is probably not so different than the way they do at home.~burger" salad 
I have a mixed review for this salon. If my review was based on my personal service alone, I would have given it 5 stars. However, I went with a friend and her experience was less than 5 stars. I felt it wasn't right not to consider her experience in my review.  I got a full acrylic set painted exactly like I wanted. I love fun nail colors and art, and my technician delivered. I showed her a picture on Pintrest and she was able to adapt it for me. The reason I went to this salon is because their site shows photos of nail art like I was looking for.  My friend got a pink and white fill and she asked to have her twin 5 year old daughters' toes done with art. The technician that did her fill had to redo several of the nails because she did them poorly and had to file them off and start again. The end result looked nice, but it took far longer than it should have. In addition, this salon charged her $23 for each of her daughters! This is where I truly have a an issue with this salon. We have taken our daughter to a few other salons in town and never paid more than $5 per child. While I understand the art adds to the cost, they did not receive a full pedicure, so I see no reason why it should have cost $46 for two kids.  I will return to this salon for my fills, but my friend will not be returning. She feels taken advantage of and I don't blame her. I would not take my daughter with me for that price!~white 
The place is small, people.  If it weren't for that patio, it would be tiny.  We came here about a week after it opened for some Sunday night industry party.  I had never been to Tangerine before, so I didn't realize how small it was going to be!  I wouldn't put this in my top 5 favorite Vegas clubs...it's just too small to be exciting.  The decorations are ok...you know...everything is all Ed Hardy and shit.  But what really threw me off was the midnight T.I. pirate show.  Here we were, partying our asses off on the large patio at my friend's table...doing shots and dancing to the thumping music.  And then, out of nowhere, the music stops, and the f'ing pirate show begins!  For ten minutes, there was no music, and we had to watch this awkward pirate show going on in the water about 20 ft away from the club's outdoor patio.  It was soooo random and awkward- totally killed the vibe as well as our buzz.  And, the pirate show got all freaky when the pirate orgy began...yea...totally weird man.  Funny, but at the same time annoying, especially because the show drew about 500 tourists standing around on the street and bridge staring at all of us clubgoers until the show began, so we had these poor young children staring us down as I downed shot after shot and acted a fool...  But anyways...the size of the club and the pirate show kind of killed it for me.  I'll probably be back, but there's no way I'd ever pay cover or wait to get in this place.~tangerine 
Well we got free passes since we stayed at the Treasure Island...and when we got there it was still super empty....and they were playing trance music that kinda just made me take a good nap....  they had free drinks that night "Lemon Drops" more like lemonade and water!!.... it was hard to tell if this club was going to get any better, and we didnt want to risk it so we left and were planning to come back latr since they had "in and outs"...but we never made it back..... HmMmM wonder if it got better....  the patio did have a beautiful view of the strip and the little "lake" very nice club.~lemon 
Hold up, Christian Audigier ??  Isn't that the Ed Hardy stuff?  He has his own nightclub in Vegas?  Will have crazy douchbag designs all over the place?  Will it be filled with gaudy decor?  Will this place be filled with douchbags wearing Ed Hardy gear? You know the shirts and hats and shoes?   I'm glad to report that this place isn't as douchbagery as I thought it would be.   Yes, Christian Audigier is the designer for Ed Hardy and he does has his own nightclub inside Treasure Island (it use to be Tangerine). So I did a short wikipedia of Christian Audigier out of curiousity and found out that he was the one responsible for Von Dutch and Ed Hardy and he is from France. Which I'm not a big fan of either...but obviously people love his shit.   No, the club was not gaudy (it was actually super dark) and filled with "Ed Hardy" design stuff. And no one was sporting the "Ed Hardy" gear...I was shocked. I thought that the bouncer and security should wear his gear as a uniform or something.   What I liked: - definitely the DJ here took the cake for me, they were so good. I loved it and I danced the night away till it closed.  - drinks were cheap compared to vegas clubs.  - we got in for free..and I was able to wear my converse inside!! My feet were aching so I had to change shoes. Awesome!! comfortable shoes make for awesome dance moves!  - It wasn't so crowded by the time we arrived and so we had more room to dance.   What I did not like:  - no coat check and the security wouldn't let us leave our jackets anywhere. - It's affiliated with Christian Audigier = Ed Hardy  I'd come back if it was free...and if I can wear comfortable shoes.~tangerine) cake 
Ah the old tangerine. No line and no cover on a thurs night. We did a quick in and out before heading upstairs to sleep. The layout is still the same as tangerine with the same type of music. They have all these douchebags in ed hardy gear passing out passes. Inside however, no ed hardy shirts around. The crowd was kinda B&T so we called it a night. It was a shame because the music was ok and there was actually space to dance. If you go to the bigger clubs like tao or pure, you will learn to appreciate dance floor space.~tangerine. tangerine 
Been there a couple times since it got converted over from Tangerine.  It looks the same layout to me.  Decent balcony, but that's about it.  Pass.~tangerine. 
i guess when you rate a certain place in vegas, it all really depends on how much fun YOU had and YOUR experience with your friends.    i loved that place! i had such a good time.  we got their at 11, and that night for girls.. it was free drinks till 12. and sooo i had many.  it was a saturday night.  there were lots of people.  i went to that location when it used to be Tangerine.. but i think it looks better now, and theres more people.  theres a small, tiny outdoor area, with an outdoor bar. the bartenders were great. the music that night was, i forget, but they have a good-sized dance floor. :)~tangerine.. 
we figured we may as well check it out since we were staying at TI and thus had free access. also, I had missed the pirate show and wanted to see it, and the club had a great view right in front of it. the ends justify the means, no?  it was a decent place. for some reason my friends were being charged randomly-determined prices for drinks (anywhere from $5 to $9) while mine were all $5. maybe they feared the wrath of a guy who kept loudly proclaiming that he should have worn his eyepatch (I left it in the hotel room, then thought I lost it)?  we got there just when it opened, and it was fairly empty, but filled up quick. but it wasn't crowded, you could move around comfortably.  music was mostly pop and hip-hop, some mashups. not really my cup of tea, but I doubt they would attract many people with my type of music anyway. you don't see many people dancing to church-burning Norwegian black metal these days, I guess.  if anything, just go to see the pirate show from up close.~tea, 
This place is AIITE.  We went on a Sunday night.. which I guess is industry night for the locals.  We were able to get a comp bottle of vodka so my girlfriends and I were very thankful for the free booze and a place to sit (as our feet were still hurting from the night before).  We got there around 11pm and it was still pretty empty.  The place started to fill up around 1130pm-midnight-ish so that was good... There was a group of like 20 people sitting next to us and oh man, I think they were from the boonies of something cuz they totally did not look like they fit in (no offense).  But at least they were having a good time?!?!  And then the table next to us... good lordy.. it was like a constant lapdance striptease action going on b/w this one girl and guy.  OH MAN.    I was originally going to give this place 3 stars but the reason why I bumped it down to 2 is b/c .... they weren't letting people outside to the patio!!  How WHACK is that?!?!  At least when it was Tangerine before, people were allowed to freely go back and forth from the inside of the club to the outside patio area where you get a pretty good view of the strip.    So.. if the crowds at TAO and XS are from the VARSITY team.. and the crowd at PURE is from the JV team... then.. the crowd at Christian Audigier is from the frosh/soph team.  OH MAN.  All I gotta say is thank goodness for the free booze.~tangerine 
This place was alright....  I wasn't blown away by the scene; It seriously looked like TANGERINE, but with nice pictures of Christian Audigier's work on the walls. I was seriously surprised that the place was not as crowded or poppin because it's such a new club! I like how there's a huge outside area where you can get some air and see Las Vegas Blvd. (since it's right across from the Pirate Ship at TI). The VIP areas were alright too...  The music was basically Top 40, Hip-Hop, and R& B on the dance floor and Trance/House music outside. The dance floor could be bigger...  Ladies...I don't know if it was just last night, but there were no cute guys here!   One thing I noticed about the club was that shots were given in plastic cups and not shot glasses! The bartender just put a lime slice into the shot of patron like a lemon wedge in tap water at restaurants! Ehhh...The workers all wear Christian Audigier shirts too, so it's kind of cool to see the fashion in its employees...  Quite honestly, I would not try to go back here for a clubbing night...maybe only if I want tons of space to dance....~tangerine, lime lemon 
It may not considered to be one of the main clubs in Vegas, but since they pass out free entrance tickets for guys and girls and since they don't act like they are the shit, I give this place 3 stars.  We went in, bought a few drinks and got drunk before we headed over to XS.  I think this place used to be called Tangerine.  I honestly don't have much to say about this place, but it wasn't that bad and we had fun in there :)  If you want a laid back club without worry about cover charge or long line, check out Christian Audigier.  It's not so bad~~tangerine. 
This place is dead!!!  They created this club after scarying off all the loyal people that attended it when it was still Tangerine.... this is a terrible place to hangout.. that's why they give girls all you can drink for free hahaha!!!~tangerine.... 
It's Tangerine with a red painted facelift, some new VIP booths with stripper poles and a "fashion" theme.  The new Christian Audigier nightclub located in TI opened on July 4th.  The concept behind the new Pure Management nightclub is "Fashionable Nightlife" and it's name sake is Christian Audigier (who is known for his work on the clothing lines of Ed Hardy, Smet and many other labels) has his name written all over it.   My fiance and I went to the grand opening with special guest DJ Nick Cannon sans his new bride.  The club is in TI where the old Pure Management nightclub, Tangerine, was located.  It's a small and intimate club that is comprised of an inside bar, dance floor, DJ booth and an outside bar.  Not much has changed from the days of Tangerine, mostly just some red and black paint, new mirrors, a few chandeliers and some tacky Ed Hardy uniforms.   I personally think that it should be categorized as an "ultra lounge" not a "club", but it's still a fun time.  The drinks are a little bit cheaper than most clubs on the strip and the outside patio/bar over looks the Siren's lagoon and the Vegas Strip.  The music was great and even being opening night, it wasn't hard to get in.  (Which will probably change in the coming months, as word of mouth spreads).  Cover was $20 bucks for ladies and $30 for guys.  Not a bad experience, but not an outstanding one either.  A good place to go if you don't want to hit up Pure, Tryst or Tao because of lines or costs.  I have a feeling that the Ed Hardy/Christian Audigier craze will be going strong for little while more and so will the popularity of this club, but just like fashions trends, this club's life will rise and fall.  Overall a good night of dancing drinking and looking at an explosion of $80 Ed Hardy t-shirts and matching studded hats.~tangerine tangerine, tangerine, 
Minus the orange décor and the place being jam packed, it's still Tangerine. The music was top 40 with a mix of some old school rap thrown in for good measure.   The shots of Patrón we did when we 1st walked in the door definitely helped. Not much to say about this place. It's a good place to go to start out the night. If you're like me though, finish at the bar outside the Social House about 25 feet from the club. The bartender Anthony makes the best Mojitos and Dirty's in town!~tangerine. 
I was never a huge fan of Tangerine, so I'm not really a huge fan of this place.  They haven't done much in terms of remodeling.  It basically still looks like Tangerine.  We ended up getting a table in the corner with a view of the TI show.  That was fun for a a little while.  The music inside was good hip hop, but I kinda got bored of the crowd really quickly.  Not my favorite place in Vegas, but if you're staying at TI, it might be fun to check out.~tangerine, tangerine. 
I was here for the Christian Audigier opening night with Nick Cannon.  I actually saw a few celebrities there.  Mike Tyson, Damon Wayans, Jaime Pressly, and an undercover Fergie who didn't want to get mobbed by the fans.  The place looks the same but has a more masculine feel than tangerine did.  I've been to a few venue openings such as Jet, Seven, etc...  This one turned out pretty well considering it's named after the fashion designer himself.  I like the Diesel and Von Dutch clothes myself.  Still wondering about the Ed Hardy line.  I was initially denied access because I wasn't on a list even though we were VIP guests of Treasure Island Hotel.  The lady wasn't trying to hear me so I came back with the big guns and rubbed it in her face while she was holding the clipboard and walkie talkie.  The rest of my night there was solid and didn't really pay attention to some of the nonsense going on around me.  I even took a thank you gift back to the room with me.  Thanks Christian, love ya man!~tangerine 
Wack! Then again I'm going off by being there once and it was about to close. To me it looked better when it was Tangerine. Just my opinion though.~tangerine. 
Audigier is a cross between Tangerine on steroids and the Red Room at Pure.  The multi million make over was a much needed face lift for a nightclub named after a fruit.  All the orange furniture has been removed and replaced with alligator couches, 2 stripper poles and a massive jelly fish tank along the back wall.   Tony Rossi replaced the Tangerine Mojito with his most recent creation ....Crystal Rock Lemonade...wich can only be described as an Explosion in your Mouth.  House of Audigier goes down every Thursday with special guest DJ's while Celebrity Host take center stage on Friday and Saturday Nights.  However, Audigier Sunday's are the best night of the week and have quickly become the hottest industry night in Las Vegas.  If you are worried about waiting in line either get there early or contact me at www.prestonrideout.com and I will put you down on my guest list for FREE ADMISSION without having to wait in line.~tangerine tangerine 
Went here on a Sunday night cause some short Viet promoter chick gave us free passes.  Heard this place used to be called Tangerine.  Was literally in here for only like 15-20 minutes or like 3-4 songs or something like that.  Got in for free in like 2 minutes since there was no line at all.  Mexican bouncer called me and my friend gangsters from San Jose and Garlic Town cause he was from the bay too.  Har har har...Funny guy, but yeah.  They had the Filipino DJs over here, so it was all ass bumpin hip-hop music getting bumped over here.  Too bad the place was small and the crowd wasn't as crackin.  Liked the music, not the venue or the crowd on a Sunday night.  I'm sure it's better on a Friday or Saturday night, but I'd probably rather spend a Friday or Saturday night in Vegas elsewhere like XS.  But good bump-n-grind hip-hop music over here if you're looking to party somewhere small and not as big in Vegas.  Minus 2 stars for the Ed Farty gear!  Esta no bueno!!!~tangerine. garlic 
Date of visit: Saturday October 04,2008  Christian Audigier...what a disappointingly dull nightclub.  We arrived on the scene at approximately 11:00pm to find more bouncers standing idly by than club-goers in line. This is usually a very good indication the club itself has more short comings than merits.  Pros:  1. Music was great, IMHO. There was a little of everything for most people. 2. The patrons were decently attractive enough for the most part.   Cons:  1. Mixed drinks were extremely weak. I had three canberry-vodkas in an hour span, and was still sober enough to wonder if there was a better club within walking distance. 2. There were no places to sit, aside from the "rip off" bottle service areas. 3. It's a relatively small club, made even smaller with VIP roped off areas. On the plus side, if you don't dance this maybe the place for you.  The night ended for me when we had to look for our drunk friend. We found him about an hour or so later, wandering the strip after being kicked out of Christian Audigier for talking on his cell phone. Yes he was escorted out of the club for talking on his cell phone.   The Bouncer told him, "We didn't let you in here to talk on your phone, we let you in here to drink." Apparently, the bouncer didn't have enough brain cells to understand a patron who is drunk has most likely imbibed in a few alcoholic beverages.   I understand these clubs are trying to make money, however from a business person's perspective there's also something to be said about meeting and/or exceeding your patrons' expectations. Christian Audigier never delivered any semblance of a "hot" Vegas nightlife spot to warrant such a pretentious name.  Two stars for the lively music. Neverthless, I would not recommend Christian Audigier.~date 
this club is located in treasure island, and it is a pretty good club. the admission wasn't overly expensive. i went there this past thanksgiving, i'll be honest.... that night we were supposed to go to tao, but got rejected from going in, since most of the guys from our group decided to wear white sneakers to a club, so it wasn't no surprise. so we decided to head to christian audigier instead. the club is pretty small, there is also a outdoor patio. the music was mostly pretty good. i liked how this club had the right amount of people where it won't be overly crowded. i had about 4-5 shots of adios motherfucker, and it costed about $50 ($10 a shot). i also had two girls come talk to me but unfortunately i was too drunk to even remember what had happened. the crowd was alrite, they were mostly around the age of 25. i'll probably go here again the next time i go to vegas.~white 
I guess my review is a bit bias and applies to ONLY the ladies...  I came here w/ my group of friends: 7 guys, 3 girls (including myself). 5 guys were already staying at Harrah's, the rest of us were guests of TI.  For the guys, they got dicked pretty hard by the PURE management group for bottle service. They were told it would cost $30-40 ea, but they failed to mention that they were going to add gratuity & charged for the extra bottle of champagne. Their total came to about $450 - over $60/ea. The guys were severely pissed.  As the night progressed, the experience just got sh!ttier and sh!ttier as it went on...  However, for us 3 girls.... we were given FREE comp passes (they were actually paper bracelets) w/ FREE drinks by a host standing near the strip entrance to the casino floor. As soon as we entered the dance floor, we were quickly escorted to the VIP area filled w/ other ladies, hosts, and bouncers. This VIP area consisted of 2 dance poles in the back and BOTTOMLESS CHAMPAGNE!!!  We did hangout w/ the other guys at their ripped off table, but kept going back to our VIP section multiple times to refill our glasses w/ champagne. We eventually found ourselves escorted to the PRIVATE VIP tables located outside, next to the smoking area/outdoor patio. We drank ourselves silly w/ a bottle of Belvedere vodka mixed w/ our choices of redbull, cranberry, and/or mango juice.  As the night went on, our experience kept getting better and better...  +1 for a taste of that "Vegas" experience. +1 for spending absolutely $0 for cover, VIP access, and alcohal. +1 for pole-dancing w/ my friends and getting our freak on. +1 for having your friend as the "hot chick" for VIP access...LOL. +1 for getting invited to VIP afterparty for all of PURE's hosts @ LAX/Luxor because of said "hot" friend. +1 for a good time because we have a "va-jay-jay".  -1 for the guys getting dicked pretty hard. -1 for not going to LAX because we were too sh!tfaced to walk a straight line. -1 for losing my self-esteem to the bottom of my shoe just by standing next to my friend. She attracted ALL the attention...  i_i  I feel kinda guilty for admitting this, but clubbing w/ guys will always hold the girls back!!~cranberry, mango 
MY FOURHUNDREDTH REVIEW...and I am in Las Vegas again.  I slip on drinks.  I make fun of how tacky Ed Hardy clothes and the people who buy them are. I think about how cute my dress is and how it cost less than fifty dollars. Nu Shooz I Can't Wait comes on and that song always reminds me of Chas for a second I get sentimental but my attention span is short.  I used to love to watch Mystery Science Theatre 3000 as a kid but in a way it was boring. Kriss Kross comes on and I sing and dance along.  Cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida Mac Daddy Miggida miggida miggida Mac Cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida Mac Daddy Miggida, miggida miggida mac I make you wanna Jump Jump The Mac Dad will make you Jump Jump The Daddy Mac will make you Jump Jump Kris Kross will make you Jump Jump uh huh uh huh Belee dat!  I drink what is probably the 7th vodka drink I've had over the course of that nite, take that back, I inhale my 7th drink.  To free up my left hand since the other one is holding my purse. I pose for a photo with a girl who served us drinks at Kahunaville (my favorite place to people watch) last I saw her she was wearing a plastic coconut bra and was slanging leis. Now she is dressed up, reinvented as a typical Vegas girl, long flowing fake hair, shiny lips. I drink number 8 cranberry and vodka one third of it lands on the floor below. I wipe my hand off and look to the left.  I see a pirate ship.  We go inside because the techno on the patio is killing my vibe. Still clutching drink 8 I dance to Lollipop, great song btw. Love Lil Wayne. The dance floor is fairly empty compared to the Tangerine days when you had to stand awkwardly just to wedge yourself into a tiny spot while watching the bottle service tools basking in their space and giant top shelf bottles.  A guy bumps me and I push him.  Looking back I am glad he didn't get mad and start an argument. There is no way that would have ended well.   This is our French friend's first time to the United States and true to Euro form he is bouncing up and down all night long upstaging the stamina of even the most seasoned skull-t shirt wearing Las Vegas coke heads. I slip again on my way to the restroom. I am beyond looking at myself in the mirror and beyond lip gloss reapplication.   It's 3:30 the French is still bouncing, I can no longer dance, at least my mind is off the fact that my feet are killing me. We go to bed and I think to myself, what did i have for dinner that was so red and oily?~coconut cranberry tangerine coke 
I got to experience Christian Audigier The Nightclub  "formerly Tangerine" at TI on July 3rd -- they had a soft launch without the celebrities. Didn't have to wait in line and the great thing was... my guest and I got in for FREE!!! Big ups to Jonny Thaing of VIP Services for letting us bypass the line.  Overall, the club/lounge has a very intimate feeling with VIP tables located inside and out on the patio. Two large bars to keep the drinks flowing besides bottle service at the tables.   The great thing about the set up was how you could walk from patio to indoors or vice versa without hearing any of the music you just left once you crossed the threshold. You can only truly understand what I mean once you've gotten a chance to go here.   Seeing as it was 100 degrees, even at night, the air was also on near the bar in the patio which was nice. Outdoor-area overlooks the lagoon for the Siren show.     One of the many highlights of my recent Vegas trip. Partied like a rock star...~tangerine" 
Pretty decent as far as fast food sushi goes.~sushi 
Love all my visits to this store. Its small convenient and sushi's are just yummy. I came in early today to cut line up for WalMart and came down the food court to get some chow on. My go to places here are varied but somehow the sushi was calling me in. Anyway I got shrimp tempura 5 piece and avocado 6 piece all for 9.66 and they also gave me a nice yummy cup of hot tea to go with my meal. Couldn't have been more satisfied. The food is delicious and the people friendly. Worth coming here if you're nearby the mall~sushi sushi shrimp avocado tea 
I have to say, I have been looking for a good sushi place for a long time, and Goong sushi finally met my standards.  Having been out west and having had much better sushi, I am glad that I can enjoy similar sushi here.  The sushi place is is a somewhat run down mall, but the booth itself rather attractive.  I had the 12 piece sushi plate.  There was some california rolls, avocado, cucumber and salmon rolls. The rice was perfect and judging by the taste it was made the day of.  The raw salmon was decent and everything in was in the right proportions (not too much rice etc).  Definitely recommended and will go back.~sushi sushi sushi, sushi sushi sushi avocado, cucumber salmon salmon 
Excellent little place. Typical french. I ordered the beef bourguignon, which is a first. . It was delicious and well worth it.  Desert try the creme bolle.. yummy.  The service was also excellent, the atmosphere intimate. I would definitely go there again.~beef 
The place was pretty deserted...I discovered  why. The inside has a slightly funky odor, like spoiled cheese and cheap wine. The owner was a sour faced jerk who demanded to know what I wanted. I'm assuming he was the owner because he had a European accent and his clothes were better than mine. And he had an aura of arrogance and authority.  That's all it took for me to turn around and walk out the door. If all French bistros are like this one, then I'm steering clear of them in general. Sophie's really sucks.~cheese 
My husband took me here for date night.  We arrived a bit earlier than our reservation but were seated right away.  We ordered cheese.  It came with toasts and dried fruit and a sherry reduction that tasted like Christmas.  Yum!  I had the lobster bisque and should have stopped there because I was so full, but I was so pleased with the food so far I wanted to try more.  I ordered the crab cake salad with the house lemon vinaigrette.  Can I put this dressing on top of a cake?  The food was delicious, the staff was very attentive but not annoying, and overall, we were quite pleased.  I recommend this for a date night or dinner with friends.~date cheese. cake salad lemon cake? date 
Very cute restaurant... our server was great and the food was some of the best I've ever had. The French Onion soup was very good, and the beef bourguignon was absolutely amazing.   I can't wait to go again!~onion beef 
We had a very nice overall experience at Sophie's.  My husband and I are very critical when it comes to semi-fine dining and we were pleasantly surprised.  It is a very quaint, cozy restaurant in a very strange area.  We started with Escargot and French Onion soup. The Escargot were very tasty and traditional. The French Onion soup probably should have been a bit more traditional. It was a tad sweet and could have used a bit more brothy richness. We opted for wine by the glass. Whatever white wine I first ordered was not drinkable and they quickly whisked it away and replaced it with another wine of my choosing with heavy apologies.  For our entrees, I had the scallops which were beautifully cooked, nice sauce and delish ricotta gnocchi. My husband had the duck and it was also superb and  very well cooked.   Dessert was a bit of a disappointment. We were debating between our old standby of creme brulee and lime mousse calypso. We opted away from the safe option and went with the lime calypso. It tasted as if it had been refrigerated for a while. The lime mousse wasn't limey enough and the bread bottom was a distraction and not so tasty.  The service was impeccable. We really liked our waitress and a man who we believe was the owner stopped by at each course to see how everything was. Nice touch.    Our only other criticism was the bread service.  It was warm which is a plus in my book but not that tasty. I think it could be easily improved. It was the right idea in that it was a warm crusty baguette but not that tasty.  Overall, we would definitely go back there. Would we crave it? Probably not but if you are looking for a solidly very good dining experience I would send you here. It was very comfortable and cozy.~onion onion white lime lime lime 
I've always loved French cuisine and thanks to Sophie's I have found another great French restaurant. The restaurant has a cool background/story is fairly acclaimed in Phoenix but doesn't boast it when you're there.  The waiter we had was French and has the quintessential French accent, which always adds to the experience.  The FOOD: We went for Mother's [to be :)] Day brunch. $49 a head, which was a bit steep for the overall selection of food. But the items on the menu were great. Pork loin, a chicken piccata sort of dish, smoked trout, some pate, salmon and a ton of fresh fruit.  Omelets were made to order and mimosas and bloody's were great. There was also a variety of nice breads and cheeses.   Can't wait to go here for dinner sometime. Wine list please.~pork chicken smoked trout, salmon 
Amazing!  From start to finish this place was incredible.  Great french host (Mgr?).   Great french waiter, helpful and funny.   The support staff was way above average always, plates cleared and drinks filled in a timely manner.   I REALLY like the fact they don't rush you and try to flip tables, we were there about two hours.   This is a quaint little stand alone restaurant that also has a small bar and a few tables out on the patio.  I'll be back soon just to visit these areas.     We started with a nice bottle of french wine.  For the appetizer:  Brie en Croute Creamy Brie coated with toasted almond slivers and wrapped in puff pastry, then baked, served with toasted baguettes and port reduction   The main courses:  Poitrine de Porc Provencale Pan roasted pork tenderloin crusted with herbs d'provence and served with sweet corn and goat cheese polenta fritters, sauteed pea tendrils with grape tomatoes and leek fondue  And...  Coquille Saint-Jacques a la Sophie Pan seared Sea Scallops served over sauteed ricotta gnocchi with a citrus and shaved fennel baby arugula salad finished with tarragon beurre blanc  For Desert:  Raspberry Brulee Chambord soaked fresh raspberry infused in vanilla creme brulee  ----- I need to get creative and come up with more birthday's, anniversary's, holidays, or some other random reason to splurge on a place like this more often.~almond roasted pork 
Yeah croque madame on WHEAT BREAD, that took 45 minutes to come out, at least I Love Genie, was on the TV.~wheat 
I agree with Dottsy Z., this place is more like a 4.5 stars.  We had a wonderful time with friends this weekend.  Good company always makes an experience so much better.  This is a really cute place tucked away on Osborn between 22nd and 23rd streets.  I cannot believe I have not been here before or that I never heard of it.  Service was great, we had Justin as our server.  We  started with the brie, it was very good, however when we got it our server came to take our order, so until we all got done with that , our brie had gotten cold.   I had the fish of the day, which was cooked to perfection.  My hubby had the pork, delicious.  Our friends had the coq au Vin and and array of vegetarian sides.  They were very accommodating and served my friend a beautiful all vegetarian dish, side of potatoes au gratin (they were YUM), ratatouille, and vegetables. For dessert, we shared a creme brulee, my hubby had the apple tart, very delicious and our friend had the bread pudding, also outstanding.  This is a restaurant that is so cute for date nights or any special occasion, the setting is so quaint and beautiful. This is a place I would gladly come back over and over.~pork, apple date 
As I sat here with my laptop trying to think of my absolute favorite restaurants in Phoenix to write a review about... I smacked my forehead for not remembering Sophie's until now.   First of all, I am a major francophile. I speak the language, have spent time in France and Quebec, and without going into my personal dating habits let's just say that I... er... understand French women. That said, it's not stereotyping to say that French restaurants in the United States tend to be pretentious, over-priced, and snobby. Which is why Sophie's is like a breath of fresh air.   Don't get me wrong: it's not cheap, and I only go there for special occasions. A full meal for two with wine could cost a hundred bucks. But while the food meets anyone's expectations of French culinary quality and professional service, it delivers without the stuffiness. Think of it as going to a great place in the French countryside, as opposed to somewhere on the Champs d'Elysee in Paris.   Events I've personally celebrated there: a first date; a one-year relationship anniversary; and New Year's Eve (they have a New Year's package).   Bon appetit !~date; 
Visited Sophie's for the first time on Saturday night. We arrived around 7:10pm for a 7:30pm reservation and although the place was maybe 1/4 full, we were told we had to wait for a table. We got a drink at the bar and caught up with friends.  For starters we had the pate while our friends got the salmon rolls. Definitely not made to order as they were brought out moments later. They raved about the rolls. We thought the pate was good. Be sure to put mustard and honey on every bite.  I didn't see it on the menu, but apparently entrees come with a house salad. It was lightly dressed. The rolls you get, though, are incredible. Don't be afraid to ask for more--they are generous with them.   For entrees I had the orange duck. It was just ok. The duck was cooked well and had good flavor, but the risotto under it was a bit mushy and lacked flavor. I'd pass on that.  Hubby had the beef and it was outstanding. Super tender and flavorful. Get more rolls to mop up the sauce. This is definitely the dish they do best.  For dessert we had the crepes. They were also just ok. Frozen fruits on top, and you couldn't really taste the almond past (we think the menu was supposed to say paste) filling.  I'm glad we checked it out, but it kind of just gets checked off the list. Not outstanding, but not bad, either. Three courses (plus salad) in three hours. We waited a LOOOONG time for entrees. It was brightly lit inside, so I wouldn't go there for romance. I think they have a room for private parties, if you're interested, since we saw a birthday cake go in and out :)~salmon honey salad. beef almond salad) cake 
Came for a business lunch.  Started with a cheese plate and baked brie.  The baked brie was just as it should be, melting, rich and with just a hint of sweetness.  I had the filet, it was a little undercooked for my tastes but delicious especially with the pepercorn sauce.  Desert was an apple tarte which was good but nothing with a huge wow factor, which was a little disappointing given that this is a French restaurant and I was expecting something handmade and amazing.   Parking can get pretty tough, it's a small lot and service is a bit languid (i.e. slow)~cheese apple 
A charming room, great atmosphere  I have noticed the small bistro on Osborne for many years though never found the opportunity to dine there.  For a recent birthday dinner I was searching for French cuisine and narrowed my search to Sophie's and another well know eatery.  Yelp reviews for both where about equal, the deciding factor for me was the preference for a smaller quiet room, that would be more similar to the small bistros one finds in Europe.  I called for reservations and I was also notified that wine was half off (with 2 entries) on Wednesday.  Upon arrival the gentleman sitting at the bar came around to ask 'table for two?', no hello or welcome did you have a reservation, no problem but didn't feel terribly welcome. Our server stopped to say hello and check on us.  We did start with a bottle of wine, and then asked for two appetizers, the moules and escargot.  We where then advised that the restaurant was out of moules, and the waitress suggested the pâté.   The pate was about bland for our tastes, though the Dijon mustard on the side added a nice flavor, and enjoyed the crisp gherkins. Escargot where fine.    When ready to order entrees we asked our server which she recommended, the pork or beef Bourgogne, she quickly responded that she recommended the pork, and then also shared that she had never tried the beef.   The pork was well prepared, presented and very tasty, our second entree the house special Duck Cassoulet was perhaps not quite as well prepared.  The duck was cooked nicely, crispy skin, didn't taste as though there was much seasoning, the beans and sausage where nicely done (not overlooked as reported by another reviewer).   We choose not to try a sweet, though I was somewhat surprised that knowing that we were celebrating a birthday, that a small something didn't appear. Not surprising that when the check was delivered the wine was not half off as mentioned.  The waitress was quite pleasant about the error, but she did need help and had to find someone that could adjust the bill.   We enjoyed our evening, though will not be in any hurry to return.~appetizers, pork beef pork, beef. pork sausage 
Great place!!  Very friendly service. Everyone was so nice. This place is very clean, and it has a nice, casual atmosphere.  The rolls are outstanding!  We ordered the lobster bisque, scallops, and coq au vin. Everything was excellent. The salads with the entrees were great as well. Wish we had time for dessert, but we unfortunately had a prior engagement.  We will definitely return!~salads 
French food--yummy!  Had the duck confit cassoulet.  It was great.  The duck was melt in your mouth tender, the beans and sauce delicious. It was a very affordable $24.00 which included a small salad.  I would ask one thing--get a few less expensive bottles of red on the wine menu.~salad. 
I go to a lot of free CE dinners and this one i'd actually pay for.    First it's cute, cozy, not overly decorated.  The service was good it's hard to get good service at a CE dinner sometimes.  My water glass was always full and filled by someone else even though they left one of those blue bottles on the table.    I had the duck with beets, potatoes microgreens (I can't figure out if i like microgreens even though i've eaten them countless times).  This sauce on it is lovely.   A little bit of sweetness but not too much really a lovely sauce.  Other people got steak and it looked really good, really thick beautiful cut with a nice crust on it, and cooked perfectly.   What is up with when I go to CE dinners at steakhouses and they act like they never cooked a steak before.    I had the lemon honey creme brule which was good, I wish i would of got a thicker layer firey sugar but still good.~steak steak lemon honey 
The owner Serge was very French, but his head chef was not. I loved that their head chef came from another culture. He had fallen in love with French food. So much so, he had moved to France to study it there. The dishes he created were perfectly delicous. I remember his filet with crushed peppercorns; it was soft and buttery. The peppercorns gave a kick without being overpowering. The quail was delicate and succulent. The salad with lavender honey vinaigrette was perfection. His chocolate spice cake was phenomenal. It contained seven spices. I can't begin to describe the joy that cake brought to everyone. It was unique. It was at the time when chocolate souffles were at every French restaurant. Unfortunately, he's not there anymore. Regardless, my rating will remain until I have a chance to go back and say otherwise.~salad honey chocolate spice cake 
Had lunch today... wonderful crepes stuffed with filet mignon. Nice wine selection and service was terrific. We didn't need it, but couldn't leave without trying the lemon creme brulee. Wonderful! Very nice casual atmosphere. The food poisoning review is shocking. If you don't hear from me our crepes "stayed down" just fine:)~lemon 
I met with some people at Sophie's for dinner.  It was not very busy but still the service was not good, we had to wait a long time for everything.  The scargots were so small that we could almost not even get them with the appropriate fork. I ordered beef bourguignon, the flavor was good but the quality of the meat was bad with some unedible pieces that I had to take out of my mouth discretely (what a situation!).   At the end of the meal we waited a long time again for the check. After our drinks (we had wine) everybody was thirsty, the water bottles were empty almost all the time and it went unnoticed by the server (did he care?).  In another review somebody mentioned clean white table clothes: we had rough paper covering our tables...  At the end of the night I was a little bit disappointed. I'll may give it another try just because I love French food, let' see. Maybe I was just not lucky that night.~beef white 
This is easily the BEST RESTAURANT i have ever been to  I love french food, and this is the very best I have ever had. Amazing service (the owner is such a nice guy), amazing service and the atmosphere is cozy and romantic (perfect for a date).  I agree with some of the other raters-- this place would get 10 stars if yelp would let me put 10. Try the duck and the beef bourguignon!~date) beef 
We went to Sophie's for their 7-course New Year's Eve Prix Fixe dinner a few nights ago. It was pretty pricey ($70 per person for early dinner, $85 for late dinner) but the food was very good and the service was excellent. Some of the dishes were a little challenging for me as I am not accustomed to authentic French food - we had veal sweetbread (look it up if you don't know what that is), watercress soup, rabbit and wild boar - but it was fun to try new things and I was pleasantly surprised by the watercress soup and rabbit dish and the escolar (fish) and creme brulee courses were awesome! The bread rolls are to die for. SO good. The whole affair took us nearly 2 hours and I was absolutely stuffed when we left. Best of all, despite its high brow menu, I found the restaurant very friendly and casual - not pretentious or uncomfortable for us French food newbies - even on such a special night. We even wore jeans (I called in advance to make sure it was OK and they said "of course.") The regular lunch and dinner menu is a little more conventional and less expensive. I definitely plan to come back. Their cuisine is not for everyone, but if you are a lover of French food - or new food experiences - you will love this restaurant.~watercress watercress 
My husband and I went to Sophie's for a date night and were very happy with the results.  I have the Beef Bourguignon and it was outstanding.  We were told it takes 3 days to make the sauce.  My husband ordered the duck confit, which he enjoyed.  I'm not a fan of the ducky flavor myself.  We also followed the suggestion of ordering the warmed brie app.  De-lish!  The service was great as well.  Little touches like asking if we would like our milk warmed for our post-meal coffee.  So great!  We will for sure be going back for future date nights!~date beef milk coffee. date 
Dottsy Z. and I met here last week to try their new happy hour and we had an amazing time! The weather was perfect, the patio beautiful, and the company was amazing.  Their happy hour menu featured a nice variety of white and red wines, all for $6, plus we tried the escargot, pate, and frites as well. We spoke to chef, who was very knowledgeable and able to accommodate gluten free items, especially if you call a day or two in advance.   We topped off the night with a decadent creme brulee and imported cocoa dusted truffles, which capped off the evening on a perfect note.~white 
I had never heard of Sophie's Bistro before I went last night, but can now say that I am a big fan.  It was very quiet when we arrived, but I suppose 8:30 pm on a Wednesday night is late for many Valley diners. The owner greeted us right away and was very friendly, and happy to find out that my date was French. I liked how simply decorated and cozy the restaurant was, and felt more like I was dining in someone's home in Paris rather than at a restaurant in the middle of the desert, with French pop tunes wafting in the background.   I ordered the Magret de Canard, and it was absolutely delicious. The duck was cooked perfectly, and the skin had a lovely crisp texture. It came with a rick leek fondue and savory potato boulangere that paired nicely with the duck. My date had the filet mignon dressed with brandied green peppercorn cream, which was melt-in-your-mouth tender. We chose the 2007 Jaboulet red wine that was light, and went well with our meals. We ended with a cocoa-dusted creme brulee that was huge, and quite tasty but a little on the sweet side.   Overall, I thought the place was lovely and will definitely go back, perhaps in the fall to enjoy the patio.~date potato date 
I'm always a bit wary of foreign foods -- I like what I like, and it takes something for me to branch out and try something new. French food is on the list of things that I am more than willing to consume, and so I was very excited to try Sophie's while visiting in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  The restaurant is in what appears to be a converted house, and so it's small, intimate and quiet (even with tables placed very close together). The host is very attentive and seated us promptly, with menus and compliments to boot. The menu is quite simple but straightforward, with the entrees titled in French but clear, English explanations below (for those who may not understand the language). The wait staff is very cordial and unobtrustive, unlike the busboy who typically made a show of clearing the table when you were done with a plate (-1 star for that).  The food was excellent and well done, exactly to specifications -- upon ordering the prime rib, as I did, I was asked if I wanted end pieces or the center cut (something which I'd never been given the options for). The dessert was also excellent, with wonderful Illy espresso and coffee to finish.~coffee 
Brought my son here to celebrate him going off to college and wow, were we impressed.  Everything we had was delicious and the service was wonderful. We started out with the onion soup and the onion tart.  Both were amazing.  The soup broth had a deep flavor and the onions were sweet as could be.  The tart pastry was delicate and the bacon added to the overall flavor.  For entrees, I had the pulled pork crepe and my son had the pork scallopini.  Wow, pulled pork and apples and onions in a crepe -- you can't get any better than that!  My son's pork dish was fantastic -- the sauce was rich yet light.  Dessert was some sort of molten salted caramel souffle with a side of ice cream with a balsamic glaze -- to die for!!! I wish this restaurant was closer to me -- we will definitely be back!~onion onion bacon pork pork pork pork caramel ice cream 
Wow! Everything from start to finish--including the service--was incredible. We had the scallops and butternut squash puree, which was delicately balanced--salty/sweet. The creme brulee (especially the interesting cocoa flavor) were amazing (plus we got the vanilla bean). The wine was great and so was the coffee. Great experience!~butternut coffee. 
Sophie's serves consistently good, authentic food and has fun French bistro atmosphere.  The menu changed from the last time we were there, and while it didn't bother me, my boyfriend was disappointed about the absence of mussels on the dinner menu.  We got escargots instead - the 1st time I'd tried that.  Everything seems really fresh, and service is attentive.  The manager on a recent Saturday night seemed to know exactly what every table ordered and how much they had eaten.  He was concerned that I wasn't eating my crepes - too full on everything else including the cold avocado soup.  Duck confit cassoulet was sold out by 7pm on Saturday but the boyfriend's coq au vin was apparently quite good.  I had sea bass and gumbo crepes - surprisingly good.  Wine list - meh!  For dessert, we're creatures of habit and always get the apple tart.  They give you yummy little truffles with the bill.  It's quaint, quiet, and delicious.    p.s. Thomas is an awesome waiter, and I don't know him personally.  :)~avocado apple 
4.5 stars  I had my first date with Jessica F here! It was supposed to be a big group (yeah you FLAKES) but it ended up being just her and I and we were treated like ROYALTY!  Let me get some disclosure out of the way: Thomas was our server, and he is also a friend of mine. That being said, he was professional and courteous. He definitely had his "Top Notch Waiter" hat on that night. You probably wouldn't have been able to tell we are friends.  We indulged in some of the wine specials for their happy hour. Each glass I had was only $6. We decided to try the escargot (nice and garlicky), the pate (delicious) and the frites (they were frites).   The main event of the night for me was the Beef Bourguignon. Omigosh, friends! I dream of this dish to this very moment. The beef was perfectly cooked and the burgundy sauce was FANTASTIC. WHEW! Did it just get warm in here? I was so full and happy after that amazing meal!  I will most certainly return to Sophie's in the hopes of giving them the 5 stars I'm sure they deserve!~date beef beef 
Food poisoning for two, please...  I am really confused by all the 4-star and 5-star reviews for this place. The 4-star average Yelp rating was the reason my wife and I chose to dine here during our stay in Phoenix. Yelp, you really let us down this time.  So I was on company business travel in Phoenix the week of March 12th and my wife was traveling with me. We had a French impulse that Tuesday night and tried to crash Petite Maison in Scottsdale, only to find out that reservations were required and there were no tables available. The following night, still craving French cuisine, we decided to stop in at Sophie's French Bistro in Phoenix.  The first warning sign was that the place was entirely empty during peak dinner hours. However, encouraged by the strong reviews on Yelp, we decided to go ahead and order. We took advantage of a couple of happy hour specials and ordered the following...  3 Cheese Plate Chef's Pate Calamari Crispy Duck Breast Creme Brulee  The food was average at best. My wife and I both tend to critique food as we eat it, and we both found ourselves commenting that the portions were small and the food was overpriced for what it was. Most of what we ate was bland and the pate had a very odd flavor and consistency.  The fun started about 4 hours later when we were back in our hotel room. We both started experiencing various internal moaning and groaning, followed by the onset of stomach pain. No big deal, I thought...   By shortly after midnight, we were each fighting for time in the bathroom, taking turns to vomit up everything we had eaten that night. I'll try to spare you the details, but this was the kind of violent and uncontrollable vomiting that I have only experienced perhaps once before in my entire life. Needless to say, diarrhea was also involved.  After going through this for a good two hours, my wife and I were both thoroughly exhausted and dehydrated. My wife even told me she felt like she was dying, and said that she had never felt this bad before - not even during child birth. o.O  So by around 2:30am, my wife was begging for me to call an ambulance. For a while, neither of us could get up off the floor to reach the telephone. I eventually found a break in the vomiting and managed to sip down enough water to recover slightly. I carried my wife out to the car and asked the hotel receptionist for directions to the nearest hospital.  We drove to John C. Lincoln Hospital on Dunlap, which I recommend if you ever get poisoned by Sophie's French Bistro. I managed to get there without hitting anything, which was remarkable since I could barely see straight and could barely function at all.   Once inside, my wife completely collapsed and was unconscious briefly. The nurses and doctors rushed her into the ER and brought her back around. They gave her a shot of morphine and then hooked her up to an IV drip of fluids. As I waited, I continued to experience vomiting and tried to keep myself hydrated. Despite being in a hospital, I was determined not to check myself in for treatment, not wanting to add further medical bills.  Sometime around 5:00am, my wife was ready to be discharged. The official diagnosis was acute food poisoning. We were never able to identify the specific meal at Sophie's which poisoned us, as we both shared the same courses and ate equal amounts each.  However - and this is the kicker - when the doctors asked us where we had eaten dinner and we told them it was Sophie's, they remarked "oh, that place!". We learned that the ER at John C. Lincoln has seen 3 other cases of food poisoning caused by Sophie's. The hospital took our information for the purpose of compiling a complaint against Sophie's with the AZ Department of Health Services. They told us that once they have at least 10 confirmed cases, then they are required by law to report the incident as a disease outbreak.  This all would have been nice to know before we chose to dine at this place. I can only assume that the other poisoning victims either don't use the internet, or are still laying in a pool of vomit somewhere, too weak to write a review.  Please, please, PLEASE don't put yourself through the same hell that we went through that night. After this experience, we lost all desire to dine in Phoenix ever again. Thanks, Sophie's, for ruining our trip.  For the record, we did have an excellent meal at CIBO Pizza the night before we were poisoned. I highly recommend CIBO. Great food, without food poisoning.~cheese pizza 
Thank you to Sophie's for providing a wonderful meal for our family. It was our first experience there and we were not disappointed. We thought that we would have trouble finding a children's meal for our ten year old but they accomodated us by cooking her thin strips of steak. We added that with french fries and she was set. We had the abundant cheese plate, the salmon fish special (amazing), and delicious spinach. We could not handle dessert but the crepes looked marvelous. Cute and charming, a great place for a first date.~steak. french fries 
I've always been a fan of Sophie's A French Bistro and why not!?! This is just a great French bistro serving classic dishes on clean white table clothes.   Serge is the consummate host and makes all feel welcome whether dining at the bar or in the dining room.   Hot rolls and real butter, always appreciated. Micro green salad in a French vinaigrette, very nice. French onion soup, bubbling cheese - yum. Garlic laced escargot (would 2 orders be too much?).   The steak with fries - what is not to like?   Try it too for special events, such as the French crepe dinner...   Desserts are lovely, too.   Sophie's is also a great business lunch restaurant conveniently located between downtown Phoenix and the Biltmore-Camelback corridor.~white butter, salad onion cheese - garlic steak fries - 
Delicious French food...I highly recommend the beef bourguignon!!!  Their duck confit cassoulet was just okay, that was what my husband had.  I would definitely go back for the beef bourguignon though.  It's nice that they take reservations!  A special little intimate place for something special like an anniversary or birthday dinner.~beef beef 
I went planning to order crepes, and left there wishing I had.  However, the waiter gave such a lovely description of the striped sea bass special I decided to go for it. Overall disappointed in the meal. First, waiter did not offer choice of soup or salad, just brought salad for all. Some exchanged it for the soup, again wish I had! When the entree arrived it was not very appealing, there was absolutely no color, not even garnish, just 2 tiny portions of fish on a few bites of German potato salad (and the potatoes were undercooked) with 3 mini mushroom caps with a smidgen of filling. The only bright spot was the Creme Brûlée for dessert. Probably won't be going back.~salad, salad potato salad 
My husband and I went here on our weekly lunch date after there was no parking at Gadzooks. It was really just okay.   Totally fast food that kind of took a long time, especially since there was only one other customer waiting.   It's not fantastically pretty or comfortable inside.. Strange color scheme. They do have a large wrap-around patio that would probably be nice to eat on in the cooler months.   The food: I got their namesake ranch burger. It was really mediocre. The meat was ok, it had lettuce, mayo, pickles, "ranch sauce" (which was just mayo with maybe a squeeze of lemon and relish). The bun was too big for the burger and I ended up with a lot of extra condiment-coated bread after I ate through the actual meat.   As a side I ordered the onion rings. They were ok. Nicely crispy, but they had that dated crumby fry-coating reminiscent of old school McDonald's chicken nuggets. Husband had their regular crinkle-cut fries as the side to his basic burger. They were bad. Clearly just thick crinkle cut freezer fries dropped in a fryer.    Who I assume was the owner was very nice. Our order was taken promptly and upon leaving the chef (perhaps co-owner) asked how our food was. I didn't have the heart to tell him it was mediocre fast food in every way possible. :(   I mimic my fellow yelper below who said that they could get the same exact thing at Burger King for half the price. I can believe that they have a food truck that does pretty well.. But unfortunately I don't think this place will make it as a stand-alone. I won't be back. There's a lot of other good options in the area.~date burger. lettuce, pickles, lemon burger onion rings. chicken nuggets. fries burger. fries burger 
While out running errands the hubs and I decided to stop for a bite. We live in the neighbor and had seen the grand opening sign....   Upon walking in we were not greeted, even though the cashier was making a milkshake. When she walked passed us she still didn't acknowledge us... Then when we placed our order she just kinda stared. Not really a great impression.   Honestly, there is nothing special about this place. My fries came from the freezer and were undercooked. My burger was cooked all the way threw (they do not due temp requests) and flavor less. The hubs ordered a strawberry milkshake, for the price the cup was super small and we watched the cashier throw what wouldn't fit in the cup away. If you're going to waste your product, you could have given it to us... Either way it's costing you.  I could have literally has the exact meal at Burger King for a better value.   Doubt I'll return :(~milkshake. fries burger strawberry milkshake 
pretty standard burger, a step above fast food, fries were a bit limp, onion rings nice and crispy, wish they had more interesting topping choices, owners were very nice.~burger, fries onion rings 
Churros on wheels!  Genious!    Plain old cinnamon-sugar-dusted churros for the purists are the cheapest 3/$3.25.  Those who want to jazz it up a bit (chocolate or dulce de leche) will have to pony up and pay $0.50 more (3/$3.75).  If you want to take it up another notch and get the flavouring inside the churro then it's $2.75 each.  I'm not picky, I was perfectly happy with them squirting it over my churros.  I've had many a churro in Toronto (Pancho's, Pancho Y Emiliano, Grand Electric, La Carnita) - and I must say, this has taken over as my favourite because they do not skimp out on the cinnamon-sugar and it is just the right amount of deep-fried to chewy that I look for in a churro without being oily!  Keep your eyes peeled as they will have Obleas (Columbian wafers) coming soon to their product offering.  I've heard it's topped with Queso ;)  They're permanently set up on Saturdays and Sundays @ Old Weston Road/St. Clair but follow them on Twitter to find out where they'll be.~dulce de leche) 
Great little treat for $5 bucks.  I had the traditional Churo, which is just rolled in cinnamon and sugar.  The taste experience is a cross between a beaver tail and Tiny Toms Donuts, only this is like a long stick version which is more crispy.  Traditionally, Churos are had with coffee, so I recommend grabbing one nearby for the full experience.~coffee, 
I'm so happy that Southern Fusion is in our neighborhood.  Everything here is good, but I particularly love the Fusion Roll, which is like an eggroll with chicken, collard greens, black beans and corn.  It's served with a spicy, smokey chipotle sauce.  The Cajun Turkey Leg, Fried Chicken and Ribs are all excellent.  All the sides we have tried are awesome as well as the cornbread.    Please try this place as soon as possible!  Eat in or carry out.~chicken, collard greens 
This was one of the best meals of my life. The cornbread and greens were amazing, I've never liked either of those things before. The ribs are great. The fusion rolls are out of this world. And the peach cobbler is so delicious it's crazy. The owners are very sweet. I can not recommend this place enough.~greens peach 
I love this place.  The couple is so sweet, fusion rolls are good.  The mac n cheese is yummy.  All the food I have tried is delicious and it re-heats very well.  I always have more for later or the next day.  I love this place. Food is excellent.  Hot water corn bread is delicious and I would never leave out without some, I love it!!!!~cheese corn bread 
I think I found a great fried chicken meal. The cook-to-order fried chicken was worth the 20 minutes wait. The crust of the chicken is light yet crispy. The meat is so tender and juicy. The seasoning on the fried chicken was a perfection.  Why didn't I know about this place sooner.  They are such nice and friendly people. Feel like home. Don't forget the potato salad.~fried chicken 
Hubby and I tried this cozy spot for the first time last summer, and now I need to get a job so I can live at their table. The food is fantastic, the friendliness and attention to detail makes you feel like you are close friends. My favorite are the Fusion Rolls, which chef I informed me are his twist on a soul roll, as he can't use that name. Mac and cheese good enough to please a granny. Collard greens that don't compete with other ingredients so we can taste what the greens  are. Ribs that are succulent and a little messy, like they should be and the corn bread I have been trying to duplicate in my own skillet sine my first bite. I have never been able to eat a dessert, as I love the dinner items too much. Our daughter was visiting from Alaska and we were so thrilled to take them out for food they won't find anywhere else. She was blown away by the gumbo, and insisted I order it at my next visit. She was right, it was fantastic.... I keep bringing my friends a few at a time to hear them confirm MY  opinion that this is the best place to eat. It's a gentle, quiet, peaceful eatery. Try it, you won't be sorry  Tami L.~mac and cheese 
My husband and I were greeted warmly by two women as we walked in yesterday afternoon. We saw a handwritten sign that that it was cash only (maybe their machine was down?) so we went across the street to the liquor store to withdrawal some cash.  Came back, sat down and we ordered quite a bit of food. Fusion Rolls, cornbread, mac n cheese, polish boy, and a BBQ chicken wrap.  They didn't have soda or any other drink except water. The nice lady offered to go across the street to get me some soda but I declined and drank iced water.  The Fusion Rolls came out first AND LET ME TELL YOU... why am I yelling? Oh yeah, because they were DELICIOUS!!! I mean, out of this world good. Never had anything like it and would recommend them to any and everybody. They look like big fried egg rolls with chicken, collard greens, black beans, corn, bell peppers, and Asiago cheese in them. My husband doesn't even like beans or greens and he LOVED these. And the sauce. THE sauce. THE SAUCE THOUGH!? As Uncle Jessie would say, "Have Mercy!"   To me, the Fusion Rolls were the highlight. Everything else was pretty good. The polish boy was more of a bit of coleslaw with fries and A LOT of BBQ dumped on top. Wasn't a total fan of the ensemble but it was still good. The mac n cheese... WHY LORD MUST I STILL BE ON MY SEARCH!? I've been searching for the A+ bomb diggity (ew, why did I just write that? the 90's are calling) mac n cheese and I have YET to find it. The mac n cheese, once again, needed some stank on it. Season it up, use more cheese, use different cheeses, something! Come on Cleveland! Someone has to make really good mac n cheese and I WILL find them.  Anyway, the cornbread looked really cool (looked like pancakes) and they had green peppers and corn in it. It was pretty good even though I was expecting it to be a bit sweet, which it wasn't. At all. No biggie but I prefer my cornbread slightly sweet. My husband's wrap was pretty good as well with A LOT of sauce. So much, he had to use his fries to sop up the excess BBQ sauce. He didn't complain though.  I'd give Southern Fusion Restaurant a solid B! Great service, super delicious rolls and pretty good food. I'll be back, if only for those to die for Fusion Rolls!~cheese, bbq chicken 
Another hidden gem. I have to say, the owners are nothing short of friendly and personable. The Fusion Rolls are amazing, chicken same, as are the sides. The corn bread....oh the corn bread.  Good food, good people, quiet and relaxed settings. Ample parking in the rear.   The only things I would put out there as cons are the wait and the lack of a soda fountain (canned soda for those of us that drink quite a bit when we eat). This isn't fast food folks. If you aren't in a hurry and want good Soul Food, this is the place to go and relax.~chicken corn bread.... corn bread. 
Horrible chicken king location. I went thinking it would be just like the other one I visited, I was wrong. The food quality seems cheaper. No deluxe sides like Mac n cheese and green beans. My fries were nothing more than grease bites. The place seems unsanitary. I will not be returning to this location.~chicken cheese green beans. fries 
I hit this place up since this place was a local spot and I always wanted to see if it was one of those "hole in the wall" type of places. Yes, it was a "hole in the wall" type of place, but no the food wasn't amazing. I ordered 2 of the 8 piece wing dinner, and well to me it just wasn't spectacular. The wings came out wings, but lacked any sort of taste in it. I honestly don't know what the hype was? I guess it was cheap. It came with 4 rolls, but they only gave us 3.   Anyways, this place is marked and done. I won't be coming back here anytime soon. You'll have better luck at Church's Chicken or Bojangles with better chicken compared to this place. However, this place does have burgers and other menu items. But, come on... Chicken King restaurant, and you're not going to try the fried chicken that they named the restaurant after?~chicken chicken burgers chicken fried chicken 
Wow each location sets there on price, food is decent, customer service awful, But hey its Chicken King  Oh and the online menu prices are inaccurate~chicken 
Rounded down to the next star for this 2.5 star review. Came by here this afternoon for a cheap and quick bite to eat since its local to my apartment. The inside of the place was clean. I ordered the burger and fries special that only rang up to be $5. It was a pretty good size plate for the price. The burger was cheesy enough but had no seasoning and the toppings left much to be desired. I may give the place one more try to try the chicken or seafood since that's what they're known for.~burger fries burger chicken 
Great food and great service.   Very clean, health rating 97.  Can't beat the prices.  Bets Rubin and the fired chicken is cooked fresh so it is hot and crispy!     The only complaint is too much food.~chicken 
I mean to take pictures of the food every time I am here but it's so good I gobble it down before I can take pics.   I am a big fan of Vietnamese Pho, what I love the most is the sandwiches that they make here. This being Montreal they have a French name "Baggette". What ever language they are delicious, especially when they are made to order. The pork on is my favourite but here they have this one called Rock Star its pork, chicken, and beef - so so so goooood. All combos come with a small Pho soup and you can add some fried bananas so sweeten the palette afterwards.   I highly recommend this place, it's family own and operated so the service is exceptional in my opinion. They are in a mall, Place Vertu, so keep in mind that they have mall hours which means they are not open late.~pork pork, chicken, beef - 
I have a soft spot for this food court joint. Service is lightning quick and the variety of meals is good enough for me that I visit at least one a week.   Recommendations :  Their Vietnamese baguettes are delicious and hit the spot.  Their Tonkinese Soups is very good.   Their grill menu has a nice variety and I've probably tried them all at this point.  Marinated in lemongrass? Yes, please! Vermicelli or side as a side option completes the lunch meals very nicely.~lemongrass? 
I ate there a couple of time, I enjoyed the spring rolls and the grilled chicken. They are pretty quick during the lunch hour, so if you're in a rush and in place vertu thats the place to go!~chicken. 
Double rainbow all the way* at this Vietnamese eatery.  Try the Rock Star. Vie et Nam's rendition of the popular banh mi sandwich is filled with a medley of moist pork and chicken chunklets plus cilantro and jalapenos, atop a respectable baguette. Their pickles are sliced rather large, but I'm still a fan of this rock star; it holds its own against competing sandwich places.  Don't like banh mi? Don't worry: They offer dishes besides sandwiches.   * My obsession with Vietnamese sandwiches borders on the unhealthy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX0D4oZwCsA~sandwich pork chicken cilantro pickles sandwich 
First time here at this place in The Montreal Area.  It is inside the mall near the Courtyard Marriott within walking distance.   There was no line when I was there so the service was fast.  The gentleman taking my order was friendly.  I ordered the pho dac biet regular size with the vietnamese ice coffee.  The food was good for mall food, but not as good as your traditional vietnamese pho restaurant.  I would come back for another meal the next time I am in town for business.~coffee. 
Hate to be the bearer of the bad, but..  Nope Nope Nope.  Small variety of hinkey dink mods.  The juice samples are only in those tiny suck a micky D's milkshake through a straw ecigg pens and the diy juices were all very truly diy.  The owner had no customer service skills.  I would have to say if anticustomer service was a word that would be the one.  Avoid this grunge pit and find a real vape shop.~milkshake 
Was waiting for a bus after getting off the train and with time to spare went into Princess Mall.  (Why do Brits have to give everything royal names?!)    I hadn't been to a Spud U Like in many years so when I saw the one in the food court there, I had to re-live the old days of hanging out in Exeter and having a spud with tons of a topping on it.  There were the two of us and I was boring and had the sour cream and chives, while Sylvia had baked beans.  I thought it strange that a Slovak would order baked beans, or even know what baked beans were.  (Do they really bake them?)  I actually got Meal A, which was the topped up tater and a drink.  Well, the drink was a soda but I wanted a coffee, so had to pay 40 pence more.    Both spuds were delicious!  The service was fast and the young man working there was also very nice, pleasant, chatty.  It was a fine distraction before the bus to the airport.~sour cream coffee, 
I rarely venture into Princes Mall but one rainy day not so long ago I was waiting for a delayed train and was feeling more than just a little peckish. I wandered around Princes Mall to get out off the rain and to see if I could find somewhere to satisfy my hunger... it was then that I found Spud U Like, a tasty baked potato with a huge choice of filling; perfect!  I opted for beans and cheese and my spud hit the spot perfectly, I devoured it in record time and if I'm honest I could probably have eaten another one but it was time to go get my train. They seem a pretty health conscious bunch and there's a chart to tell you how many calories is contained within your tattie but it wasn't really top of my list of priorities when my stomach was rumbling with hunger.  You can't beat a baked potato and the tatties here are delish!~baked potato 
There are a lot of really good baked potato places throughout Edinburgh. Unfortunatly, Spud-U-Like isnt one of them.  Aside from having a name that grates on me so much it hurts, its also located in the ghastly Princes Mall food court - which, while I dont mind in a broad sense, I would rather not spend a huge amount of time in.   The food itself is ab it below par - its not the best quality, and not the best tastin, nor the warmest food you'll ever eat (yuck! cold beans on my jacket potato!) - but it is on the cheaper side.  However, when you take into account the best baked potato shop in the entire city is a five minute walk away at the top of Cockburn street, even that last positive point pales into insignificance.~baked potato 
I'm partial to a tater here and there, so was quite happy to put up with the horrendous surroundings of Prince's Mall in order to stuff my face with one. It was the option of chilli con carne that did it, a menu choice peculiarly unavailable at Tempting Tattie a few minutes up the road.  When they piled on the cheese, then the chilli, I was quite literally foaming tthe mouth with anticipation, and o the disappointment that followed was all the more heartbreaking. The chilli was lukewarm, meaning it didn't melt the cheese, and both ingredients just tasted a little bit off. Not horrendous enough for me to fail to polish off every last morsel, but a letdown nonetheless.  It was a little bit expensive too, but I did enjoy my side order of garlic bread. Passable, but on this occasion not worth the misery of Prince's Mall.  Somewhat embarrassingly, it was only in a review the other night that I stated my enthusiasm for giving Spud U Like a try. There's really no better feeling in the world than getting your comeuppance.~cheese, cheese, garlic 
I stopped in today, Loving the cute decor and bright colors!!(see pics)  Like Halley said they only have the two flavors, original (tart) and Green tea which is also tart, I didn't like the green tea though. Typical assortment of dried and fresh fruit toppings.  They also offer smoothies and Bingsoo which is shaved ice with frozen yogurt on top.  You can use Free Internet  when you buy a yogurt and we were  offered  complimentary toast as well .............Hmmm toast and fro yo  I'm not sure I'm on that train but who knows it might be a match made in heaven.  I have to say I was a bit disappointed though, while the icy texture was there it really was not as tart as I would have liked it to be.  3.5 stars~tea tea smoothies frozen yogurt 
I'm a huge fan of frozen yogurt so was pretty excited to try Fruttia. The fresh fruit toppings that are offered aren't the usual type you'd see at a traditional yogurt joint; however, Fruittia is a little pricey. Toppings are 95 cents each and they aren't very generous with them. My BF ordered the green tea yogurt with blackberries and they gave him about 6 blackberries total. The frozen yogurt tastes like real yogurt so don't expect the familiar "TCBY" taste.~frozen yogurt tea frozen yogurt 
I have found Ice Tango's competitor... I just happened across it a little while ago.  They are slightly different in that Ice Tango has more yogurt flavors than Fruttia... this place only offers 2 flavors their regular which would be equivalent to Twangy Tart and Green Tea.  I opted for the Green Tea with pineapple and kiwi on it.  It was pretty tasty, but not cheap... I got the small with 2 toppings and it was $5.40.  They also don't offer custard or crepes.  All in all I gave this place 4 stars because it hit the spot and I don't have to drive all the way to north Scottsdale to get it.~tea. tea pineapple 
We used to be loyal customers. The last 4 times we have sent our order has been wrong. The very last straw was we asked for a pizza with green peppers on it and instead of green peppers they gave us jalapeno. I called and took the pizza back where they argued with me they were green peppers, and told me green peppers are supposed to make things spicy. Rather then just saying we're sorry we messed up your order, here is a new pizza.   Bottom line: mediocre food with horrible customer service~pizza jalapeno. pizza pizza 
This is based on walking in and ordering, rather than picking up a slice.   There is a special posted on the window: Mon - Wed, two large pizzas, six toppings combined, with garlic bread or a 2 liter coke. Which is what I ordered, got the coke instead. $20, tax included. They also have a walk-in medium cheese for $5 I believe; one topping XL is $10.  Fresh out the oven, the pie is very good (pepperonis, the spicy sausage, etc); far better than the card board, inconsistent pizza you get at pizza pizza. Also better than the very dry hot & ready pizzas you get at Little Caesars - I cannot comment on their fresh ones though.  Unfortunately, the place is a little dated. Dirty floors and plastic chairs. Small standing area if you prefer to eat inside.~garlic coke. coke cheese pie sausage, pizza pizza pizza 
Descent pizza for a cheap price. Nothing special but does the job when you're hungry.~pizza 
Fantastically free, fun little exhibits that will entertain little ones (and the young at heart) for hours. There's a room with all kinds of lizards, snakes, and marine life. There are rehabilitated birds and mammals outside; and little kids will love to touch the bunnies through the cage and watch the funny turkeys.   The tot planetarium shows are wonderful for toddlers on up. There are awesome nature camps and programs for all ages that happen year-round. And, for adults, the planetarium program on Saturday nights followed by the telescope viewing out in the field makes for an interesting, charming date night.~date 
A great place to go with young kids to see animals and learn about the environment. We love going here with our 1 year old. He's fascinated by animals and being able to see so many different kinds up close is a great morning for him. They also do some pretty fun activities (planetarium shows for 0-3 year old, classes for pre-school aged kids, easter egg hunt for kids a bit older).~egg 
I lived in these apartments when it was versante and loved it! I moved back in when it was changed to anzio and HATED it. The office manager heather is a little that who hated me since day one for no reason. She told me a different move out date then I was supposed to have and made me stress thinking I had 3 days to move out when I had a week, she told me the "ip addresses" were down so I couldn't access the Internet and she was just plain RUDE everytime I went in. If your looking for a friendly staff at your apartment complex and a place to live where people don't walk up to you asking to buy weed and a place were neighbors aren't always fighting then anzio is the place for you.   Fuck you heather.~date 
Normally I wouldn't criticize free food but with the food these guys provided I'll make an exception. They catered a Thanksgiving event at Arizona State University which was free to students, although I'm sure ASU had to pay.  The vegetables and stuffing were all overcooked into mush. The broccoli was overcooked not just to being mush, but was in fact browned. It was also unseasoned. The carrots while mushy at least had some seasoning on them. I'm guessing they used up all the salt on what resembled turkey breast slices.  The oversalted turkey was mystery meat of the Chicken McNugget type.  The high point was the brownies, which were pretty darn good! =)  To be honest, I wouldn't go to any event with the draw of them catering with food. My girlfriend also said they catered once where she works and characterized the food as 'cafeteria style slop ... edible but not worth paying for.'~broccoli chicken 
Man oh man... I can't decide whether I want to review this place or not under the auspices of "if you don't have anything nice to say..."  All I have to say is this:   We ordered food. It came totally wrong. I asked for a vegan salad, not specifically, but that's how I ordered it, and it came with chicken and cheese. This just shows a complete inability to read the order. People make adjustments all the time. I have worked at a restaurant. I have fucked up. I should have been lashed 40 times! Read what people order!   So when I got the wrong salad and saw what an unbelievable disappointment it was going to be, I ordered a veggie sandwich instead, which, to their credit, they delivered and took off the bill.   The best customer service in the world could not overcome this sandwich. It was a monumental fucking embarrassment. I cannot believe they let that thing out the door. I ate it because I was starving but I would have liked to have driven it back there and go through it, ingredient by ingredient, with the preparer... Explain to me how this is appealing to the eyes, mouth, stomach, etc.  I just hated it. A lot.   Sorry, I'm sure you're nice people with good intentions.~salad, chicken cheese. salad sandwich sandwich. 
This place has the absolute best egg salad sandwiches! It is super close to my work so I usually get it once or twice a week. The box lunch comes with your choice of sandwich, a side, a fresh cookie and a mint, so it is a great value. They bake the bread fresh and it is really amazing. Definitely stop in if you are in the area and in the mood for a tasty sandwich!~egg salad sandwich, sandwich! 
I just placed an order yesterday via online (VERY EASY PROCESS) for a meeting we were having today for our office and they did a great job! Each lunch was in it's own little box with everyone's name on them and each had a side (everyone got to choose one of the following: Potato Salad, Fresh Sliced Fruit Cup, Pasta Salad, Frog Eyed Salad - sounds gross but VERY yummy) or a bag of Chips), then each box also included a pickle, cookie, condiments and utensils. The prices were great to so that was another plus in my book.  We ordered 12 boxed lunches to be delivered and not only did every order show up correctly but they delivered 5 minutes early!   We will certainly be ordering from Apple Junction again!~potato salad 
I hate writing this update because I used to really love Apple Spice, but the last three times we have ordered lunch there have been multiple mistakes. For a place that does catering, getting 10 lunches right doesn't really seem like too much to ask.  Today, two people ordered bread bowls. They received a very small container of soup with a slice of bread. That is not really a bread bowl.  Me and one of my vegan co-workers ordered the southwestern salad, sans cheese. It came with chicken, and on the menu it states you have to pay an additional $1 for chicken, so it would definitely be something someone needed to ask for.  One of the lunches came as a sandwich instead of a wrap, and Heather W. was missing her cookie and her juice with her meal.  Apple Spice was nice enough to replace the mistaken items (brought corrected salads, brought the actual bread bowls - although, not with new soup, brought the wrap) and bring us an extra plate of cookies, but like I said, this is the third time this type of mistake has happened.   It's pretty expensive, the Southwestern is not even very good, and once the order comes back wrong it delays my eating for an hour + and it is just frustrating.  I'm sorry Apple Spice... you guys are great but you need to get it together.~apple salad, cheese. chicken, chicken, sandwich apple salads, cookies, apple 
Imagine this: You're stuck in a 2.5 hour training session - your attention supposedly riveted to the projector screen so you can learn about the new management system your department is implementing. Sounds, fascinating, right? Of course it does.   If that wasn't fun enough, your lunch is catered and costs nothing. That alone will get most people to a meeting. On top of that, a menu circulated the week prior and you were able to personally select your lunch of choice. Right on.   I chose the Club Sandwich. Yep, that's right. Turkey, ham, bacon, cheese AND cranberry sauce on the side (to happily smear on my bread later for a festive treat). For my side, frog eye salad. Having no idea what this was when I saw it on the menu, I immediately went to Google to find out. Sounded good to me, so I opted to try it. Turns out it's a sweet concoction with tapioca, mandarin oranges and marshmallows (usually).   My lunch arrived in a little box with a clearly marked label on the top. Inside I found my sandwich neatly wrapped, the salad side sealed in a little container, standard plastic-ware with a single napkin, a pickle and tomato on the side, one cookie and a chocolate mint. (Not to mention packaged condiments like mayo and mustard.)  This is one of the best free sandwiched I've ever had, esp. with the cranberry sauce adding a great sweet balance to the meats and cheeses. Strangely enough, the size of this sandwich was reasonable, although it wasn't a standard sandwich size - not like the other sandwiches people ordered that were sliced in half. The Club is like a 3/4 of a sandwich, although the stuffings between the bread make it more than able to satiate a big appetite. Every bite of The Club was better than the last. The frog eye salad was tasty, too. The cookie was okay. At least it was soft and chewy. And chocolate (yes!).   I really, really liked my lunch. I can tell that my work mates likes theirs, too, for everyone happily gobbled up their lunches super fast. I think I was the last to finish - if that tells ya anything. I guess I wanted to not only sink my teeth into a hearty sandwich but also take the time to savor it.   5 Stars for Apple Spice Junction! It's the best sandwich catering service I've had. Seriously.~sandwich. bacon, cheese cranberry salad. oranges sandwich salad tomato cranberry sandwich sandwich sandwich, salad sandwich apple sandwich 
I am torn about apple spice... when I found them a couple years ago I loved them!  Healthy yummy lunches that were quick and not too pricey.  My company uses them a lot for catering... in fact I had them today because we are so busy they don't want us leaving the office for lunch.  Anyway enough about my lock down blues:(   So I have been here too many times to count (dine in and company catering) and I always would get BLT deluxe executive box lunch.  The executive box lunch includes your sandwich, a side (i always get the frog eye salad YUM!), veggies with a side of ranch and a small little piece of cherry cheesecake.  It is a lot of food!  The problem started when I ordered my BLT deluxe and the bacon is floppy or not fully cooked.  This happened consistently and so I finally asked what is the deal with the bacon... they said they order it they do not make it on site.  So then I felt as though I could not order this anymore because the bacon is never fully cooked.  So I still get lunches from them when my company orders lunch but I always get the veggie sandwich which is good and I am happy with that.   The things I really like about apple spice is that they do not put condiments on their sandwiches... they have everything in packets and let you put it on yourself.  I am a condiment hater so this is awesome!  Also when you order to go or for catering they wrap your sandwich in plastic wrap so it does not get moist from anything else in the to go container.~apple sandwich, salad cherry bacon bacon... bacon sandwich apple sandwich 
I am mixed about this one.  This is a chain that began in Utah right where I used to work.  I would go there for lunch all the time.  Their salads and sandwiches are WONDERFUL!  Everything is homemade and you could call in ahead of time and it was ready for you.  I was so excited when this one opened here.  My husband's MBA program had an event that they catered, and the food was not up to normal par.  They did a BBQ and the meat was dried out, buns seemed stale, the sides did not have much flavor.  If I did not have my previous experience with them in Utah, I would have written them off.    So as a place for lunch- I think they are GREAT.  As a catering company I am not so sure yet.  I would need to go to another event to see.~salads 
We have to organize a school pizza lunch event. The manager is very friendly and gives us some recommendations what the best deal to get.  The pizzas are fresh; my kids love it.  It offers some very unbeatable daily deals like $5.55 Medium (14 inch) Cheese / Pepperoni pizza. They always have a few ready-baked pizza when you order one or two, so I don't need to wait for long time.  The only downside is they don't do delivery.~pizza cheese / pepperoni pizza 
Too bz, nothing like american little caeser, hate the service.  pizza look nothing like in pics.  they are slow and dirty.~pizza 
We love it because its always served fresh and hot. The crust is always soft & sweet with cornmeal all over the base that add extra texture and flavour, and the toppings very meaty.  It offers the best pizza of its kind (franchise and price range)!  My kids are crazy about it like how they are with pasta & meatballs.  They have our faves ready-to-go like the Pepperoni, and a usual wait of 10 mins. for the Canadian. Yeap, they really need to be consistent with their marketing "Hot-N-Ready" for the Canadian pizza.  The cheese bread is so good - soft, moist - and their selection of dipping sauces, that add more kick to the already great tasting pizza, is a fine variety. I love the creamy garlic, spicy cheddar and chipotle.  Its a take-out & delivery place with very small seating area.  With a tv on, its a nice quick lunch or snack stop.  I like the staff, always nice and cheerful. And we enjoy the chance of seeing them kneading the dough at early hours.~pizza pasta & pepperoni, pizza cheese bread pizza garlic, 
Had the 'deep dish' bacon wrapped pizza out of curiosity to see what the hype was all about. Basically it was just a normal pizza with a super thin strip of bacon around it. Not even close to a deep dish and the toppings were microscopic bits of bacon and the look of the pizza was unappetizing.    Not worth the time. at least it was only 13.99~bacon pizza pizza bacon bacon pizza 
I have been twice for brunch at the Corner House for two occasions   I have to say that the food is great  I have had the Jack Daniel's pancakes twice and they were delish  I think though they need a bit more of that syrup on the pancakes  I haven't had the bennies yet but from what I saw both times when my family members ordered them, they looked quite yummy  Will definitely go back again~pancakes pancakes 
Stopped in for brunch on a Sunday recently. Place looked beautifully kept and was pretty quiet this morning with only one or two other tables. The menu looked to have some really tasty brunch options. We ordered the eggs Benny and the "double bacon" hash. The Benny was about a 7/10, pretty average with good peameal served on a scone. The hash however was brutal. Way too many potatoes that were simply not cooked enough. It's like they were boiled but not finished to make them into breakfast potatoes. At least 3/4 of my dish was spuds. Otherwise it was tasty overall but there was barely a hint of the "double bacon" other than a couple of pieces of tasty peameal. To top it off my cucumber and tomato salad was swimming in the grease of the rest of my dish. Lots of potential here, just horrible execution.~bacon" potatoes. bacon" cucumber tomato salad 
Excellent food! We had the steak salad, grilled calamari, eggplant fries and beef tenderloin. Server was lovely but overstretched. Could work on food presentation. Will definitely go back though because of the quality of the food and the atmosphere.~steak salad, fries beef 
Was looking for a place to have brunch in the burbs and found Corner House.  It's a pretty nice restaurant with friendly service and good food.  Tables are covered with white linen and for Easter they left chocolate eggs on the table for customers (cute!).   I both ordered the the Eggs Charlotte ($12) which was basically an eggs benedict on their homemade scones with smoked salmon accompanied by potatoes.  It was really good - the salmon wasn't salty (I've had previously overly salty salmon run-ins before so I've become a bit weary of it).  I also ordered fresh berries ($8) which come in a bowl topped with whipped cream.  It was nice to counter the heaviness of the eggs & potatoes with the berries.  It made me feel better about myself (something healthy...sweeping aside the whipped cream).   I noticed that on one of their blackboards they were advertising their 52 weeks around the world so every week their menu would feature food from different countries - pretty neat!~white smoked salmon 
This restaurant has been here for many years. It has changed ownerships once or twice over the years however, has remained to be a Stouffville favourite. The main floor is used for general dining. The second floor is popular for Sunday Brunch. The third floor can be used to host events/parties etc...   The decor is cozy, hardwood floors/ updated colours.  I had lunch here and ordered Lobster Mac and Cheese. It contained nice sized chunks of lobster, mac and a light flavoured white cheese sauce. As my side I choose Spinach salad. My coworker ordered a large Caesar salad. I must say 5/5 on presentation. He seemed to enjoy the salad as well.  I felt the service was a little slow but then again, this is not the type of restaurant that a person attends while in a rush so maybe it was just me....  Next time I would like to try the Grilled Lobster and Brie sandwich...~mac and cheese 
Great intentions, poor execution.  I went there for Sunday brunch with my wife. We were quickly seated in nice comfy chairs by the window.  The decor was nice and just the sort of "country cafe" we were looking for.  I thought the menu was well put together and had a few standout items (like duck bacon anyone?) We were left with our menus for quite a long time and another couple who came in after us were already being taken care of.  Eventually orders were in--Charlotte (eggs benedict w/ smoked salmon) and a Classic breakfast w/poached eggs.  The waitress came a few minutes later with our drinks and couldn't remember between the two of us who ordered the coffee.  Coffee was mediocre.  From ordering, it took about 30 minutes for our food to arrive and while we waited we were seen to by two different waitresses who kept asking us the same questions.  It doesn't seem like teamwork or communication are high priorities in the hiring process.  The food was well presented and I was looking forward to my eggs.  They served their eggs benedict on a scone, which is a nice variation from the normal English muffin.  The dish would have been better if the scone wasn't served cold.  The eggs were a bit overcooked and the potatoes lacked seasoning.  My wife's eggs were also overcooked.  Her toast was hardly toasted and definitely not buttered.  We eventually had to ask for some butter as no one checked-in until we were nearly done with our meal.  Despite Stouffville's limited selection, I still would not recommend this place.~bacon smoked salmon 
I think this will always be a special go to place for us. It's such a quaint restaurant away from the hustle and bustle of the busy city. Service is always great and the food is great as well.   The first time we ate here was 2013. And we've been coming back at least once a year to celebrate something special. Mostly all the food that we've tried have been part of the breakfast or brunch menu. We haven't had any of their dinner plates but we're hoping to come by for dinner some time.   The last time we went there though I was a bit disappointed. The pancakes were a bit burnt in the bottom and thought they could mask it with more cream and syrup. The scone wasn't great as well. Nonetheless, it's a good thing the service was more than superb.~pancakes 
The corner house is a very quaint place and looks great. It is also one of few French restaurants I've been to, so I was excited to try it. When we arrived, there was literally nobody there to greet us. We saw someone in the back and asked if they were open yet and he said yeah someone should come downstairs soon. About 5 min later we were going to leave when a man came to seat us. We started with the calamari that was very well done. Not at all chewy and nicely grilled.  I went for the seafood pasta which I thought would shine at a nice restaurant and it was totally tasteless. I expect a nice buttery white wine kind of sauce but it was just totally bland and fishy.  The husband got cheese ravioli with tomato sauce which was good, but very basic.  For the price, I wouldn't return. Such a shame since we wanted to book our rehearsal dinner here - the food just wasn't up to par for the price.~pasta white cheese tomato 
A restaurant set into the homey atmosphere of a house with great service and a good environment to enjoy your meal. There was a bit of a questionable moment in the beginning, as I walked in and there was no one to great us. I had to stand by the door for a good 5 minutes before anyone saw us. It might be because of the configuration of the house, since it isn't open concept and the server had to move from room to room constantly during the night.   I had the Salad Bowl, which was a mix of a bunch of greens with nuts and black rice. A good texture combination and one of the lighter options available on the menu. I'm not sure what about this place makes it 'French' though, since most of the menu items can be found in most restaurants. Also, I would have given the place a higher rating if it wasn't for the price. My salad without any protein was $15, while a burger can easily be $20. That is easily more than most restaurants in downtown Toronto. A good place to come if you want to treat someone, but definitely not for the everyday meal.~salad greens salad burger 
The Corner House is my former go-to lunch break destination when I'm biking through the country-side North of Toronto. Their morning/early afternoon menu is exclusively brunch. It's relatively small at about 5 breakfast and 5 lunch items. It's also pricey; it really makes me feel like I haven't left the City. I usually get the $18 Prime Rib sandwich, we is excellent. It's tender, juicy, and cover in delicious Au Jos but not so much that you can't eat with your hands (and maintain your dignity). The mushrooms and bun are very fresh and really make the sandwich.  The food is excellent, but the main reason I'm only giving The Corner House three stars is the decline in service quality. The first time I went here in April, I pulled up on my bike the owner greeted me, and immediately brought me a giant pitcher of water. The service was prompt; they understood that I wasn't interested in lounging on the patio all afternoon. My list visit there about a week ago was a sharp change. I sat on the patio for several minutes before I gave up and went inside. There was a gentleman with his kids already waiting by the "Please wait to be seated" sign. He eventually gave up and left. I was a little more persistent and hunted down a waiter. The place wasn't packed; about 12 tables serviced by four people. Once I found the waiter, I took my seat on the patio and order the usual. When he came back to deliver my food, he dumped it on the table, mumbled "here" and took off back inside. I never saw him again; no return to check on my meal or refill my water. When I was done, I had hunt down a server inside again to retrieve my check. This was by far the worst service I've received at The Corner House, but the rest of the times it's been nothing special. And at these prices it should be!~sandwich, mushrooms sandwich. 
First and foremost, this is handedly the premier Asian foods market in Cleveland. If you're looking for that ingredient you just can't seem to find at Heinen's or Whole Foods this is the place to stop. That being said this review is focused on Asia Tea House found neatly tucked in the rear of the store, and offering up the most warming of comfort foods cooked to order.  Bún Bò Hue is my favorite noodle soup so when it is on the menu it's a must order. The bowl here came out pipping hot, with lofting aromas that had me salivating. The broth was as spicy and rich as any I've had, though perhaps not quite as complex or deep. I sensed a lack of fermented fish flavor one expects from this broth. The noodles were cooked to perfection and quantity was on point, I was able to slurp down the last noodle before the broth over cooked them. The chunks of beef and pork were juicy and plentiful, and the only thing missing are the congealed pork blood cubes, though I find this to be common practice in attempts to make the dish more appealing to the American palate.   On this particular sit down I enjoyed an order of shrimp and pork summer rolls that were delightfully fresh, and some of the largest I've seen (pictures attached).   As you're preparing to depart, stuffed as you are, I recommend their take home options. They offer delicious roast duck and chicken, soy sauce chicken, BBQ pork and roasted pork by the pound.  Enjoy!~tea beef pork pork shrimp pork chicken, soy sauce chicken, bbq pork 
I am prone to exaggeration. When asked how many pieces of cake I'd like, I'm apt to say a million. On a hot, sweltering day, if asked what the temperature is, I'm likely to say a billion degrees. However, understand that this is no exaggeration when I say that there are hundreds of thousands of bottles of soy sauce in this place.  The new Asia Town Center at 38th and St. Clair is impressive on the outside, though it looks more like a trendy, two floor school than it does shopping center. Inside, a majority of the bottom floor is taken up by Asia Food Company, a massive near 115,000 square feet that a Wal*Mart may have a bit of an issue filling. And, no, they don't do a very good job, either. The aisles are wide, and shelves are puzzlingly bare, and puzzlingly and curiously placed  For instance, the soy sauce remark: In each aisle, there is a four foot by eight foot section of soy sauces after you've walked in and shopped a twenty foot expanse of soy sauces. And that's not including the oyster sauces, the fish sauces, the teriyaki sauces, and other fermented delights.   There are Korean Goods next to Japanese goods. Vietnamese next to Chinese. Dogs and Cats. Apples and Oranges. Things very unlike the other, in other words.  The prepared foods section would make the Giant Eagle Kitchens look like Morton's. There were tables interspersed within a bank of unused freezers that you could sit at and eat. I didn't dare approach. I'd already eaten like, a thousand burritos, and it was a million degress and...  A plus in the favor of this joint is that the smell inside -- which has been somewhat offensive to western noses, traditionally inside these predominantly Asian stores -- was tame and actually pleasant. The fish section looked well taken care of, and had no scent whatsoever. The tilapia swam happily, unaware that they were meant to be on some hipster's taco in just a few hours.  All in all, the products are okay and fairly cheap. I, of course, bought soy sauce.~cake soy sauce soy sauce oranges. burritos, taco soy sauce. 
I'll split this review in two aspects, the eatery and the grocery. The authentic eatery will be the main reason bringing me back in the future.  ---The eatery--- in the back of the store, along side the storage area. True hole in the wall. The only menu available is on the cashier counter. The dishes are customizable. They automatically charge 15% service fee, which is fine by me. Saves me the hassle to write another line of tips on the check.  For all of you milk tea fanatics - your search for home made milk tea can stop here.  - milk tea: it's NOT on the menu. When we ordered "milk tea", the Cantonese mama reminded us "it's Hong Kong style huh". It took her 5 min to make it. I saw she opened a condensed milk can. There was a tea pot on her work station. The tea itself is not overly sweet. Upon finishing the tea, I can see very fine leaves at the bottom of the glass. So I diagnosed this milk tea to be NOT made from powder.  - Hong Kong Roast pork: aka crispy roast pork belly: top layer is crispy and crunchy, middle and bottom layer are fatty and juicy. A tad salty for me. Will order again.  - Hong Kong BBQ pork: aka Char siu: taste fresh, not overnight leftover. Seasoned just right. Will order again.  On the menu they are two separate dishes. In my photo it's one dish. You can ask the Cantonese mama to combine two dishes. Just add one dollar.  All rice dishes come with sweetly pickled carrots and daikon radish. This is the spirit of Cantonese char siu dishes! The pickles are refreshing companions to balance against the fatty animal protein.  - roast duck: crispy skin, sweet, fatty and juicy. Will order again.  - three treasure rice: not what I imagined - I thought it's going to be a combo of the duck, char situ, and roast pork. Instead it's grilled pork chop and fried egg. Not bad, nothing special. Won't order next time, because when you come to a Cantonese place, you order their specialty! I can get pork chop anywhere.  - chicken summer roll: nothing special compared to other Vietnamese and Thai  joints. Like I said, when in Hong Kong diners, order Cantonese specialties!  ---The grocery shopping---  - selection: seem to offer more brands per genre than Cam Asia and park to shop  - organic products not an emphasis: cam Asia exceeds in this department   - live seafood, butcher area: when you walk by, there is no strong door, which means it's probably fresh. My mom nodded her approval.   - specialty seeds: next to the bags of rice, there is a small shelf of "Asian vegetable seeds", $1 /packet. They are hard to find Asian veggies I don't see available at Petiti's. Silk melon, Chinese chives, etc.  There was no dates, so who know how long they have been on the aisle. I bought 2 packets and planted in my garden. We'll see how they come out.  - very limited I-Mei 義美 products: the food safety regulation is a known public concern in the Chinese market. (Recall the poisonous baby formula incident) I-mei is said to be the only brand that's trust-worthy. Again Cam Asia has a lot more selection. Please share with me if you what other brands are ok.  ---conclusion--- So this authentic Cantonese eatery is officially on my map. To get HK style grilled dishes, I'd only come here or Li Wah. Here is inexpensive, $7 per dish, and I can mix and match different meat types. As a bonus I can do light Asian grocery shopping here.~milk tea milk tea milk tea: milk tea" milk tea tea tea, milk tea pork: pork bbq pork 
This is probably the cleanest Asia market in Cleveland. But this might just be making up for other things it lack, like fresh produce!! I've been here countless times, but every time I come, I see some form of rotting vegetable or fruit on the stands. In the past, I've even purchased some bell peppers that looked perfectly fine on the outside but had live bugs crawling on the inside. Eeek!! I'm sticking with Park to Shop forever.~bell 
I really like this place, so I'll get to the 3-star rating in a second. In terms of Asian groceries, this place has it all! They have pork belly, beef ribs cut flanken style (Korean BBQ short ribs), Asian produce (including longan), Asian medicinal herbs, teas, different brands of Asian ramen, frozen dim sum, and frozen dumplings. EVERYTHING! It really is a one stop shop for all your Asian grocery needs!  The back of the market has a booth for Asian cooked foods. They have zongzi, char siu, roast pork belly, soy sauce chicken, and roast duck! AWESOME! In terms of taste, their cooked items taste better than Park to Shop. However, I once went shopping and wanted to order roast pork belly. As I approached the hot case where they store the roast items, I noticed there were some flies that had flown into the hot case, and they were flying all over the food. It was ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING. Just GROSS. Such an unpleasant, unhygienic observation warrants a 2-star deduction. It doesn't take away from the fact that they have a lot of good stuff, but I personally plan on staying away from their roasted meats.  -_-~pork beef longan) pork soy sauce chicken, pork 
The new store is great. It also have a restaurant inside the store. Great food. The fresh baked pastries is one of the best in town. The roast duck is by far my personal favorite. Sometimes on weekend, they have freshly roasted that just came out. The new store is huge. I give only 4 out of 5 because there's certain items I have to get at other stores. Occasionally I will buy bulk cases of product for work. Very friendly staff.~pastries 
I've been going here a while now, this is definitely the best rounded of all the Asian groceries in the area. Not only are the prices pretty comparable but they have a number of higher priced goods that aren't available at the other groceries. Produce is usually good and the prices are good too. Their overall selection is excellent and their customer service is by far the best of the Asian groceries (the only one that almost always has a native English speaker there). And even the ones who don't know English very well are polite - I couldn't find the bay leaves and I asked the cashier. She didn't know what bay leaves are but walked around the store and asked the different employees if they knew and after 3 minutes, we found it. I appreciate the effort. I'm used to them saying "I don't speak English [and I'm too lazy to help you].  The freshly prepared selection in the back is great - their Vietnamese sandwiches are excellent as are their steamed buns and freshly prepared tofu products. The meat is good priced though my only complaint is their ground pork has way too much fat.~tofu pork 
I have gone there numerous times for their bakery alone.  Their baked goods (especially the BBQ pork buns) are delicious, and very reasonably priced.  Get there early in the day, in my experience they have run out!  Oh yeah, they also have a nice selection of asian groceries.~bbq pork 
This place is a foodie dream! The aisles are filled with every conceivable type of sauce, noodle, vegetable, fruit, mushroom and steam bun! Everything is clean, the staff are very friendly if you need a little help. A must for any amateur cook!~mushroom 
The Skinny: The excellent char siew (bbq pork & duck) at the deli here bumped it up from 3-star to 4.  In comparison to nearby competitor Park to Shop, family-run Asia Food Co. carries fewer varieties of Asian dry goods and snacks but offers meat and produce superior in quality as well as a more relaxed, spacious and better ventilated shopping experience. Customer service is also very friendly, prompt, and helpful.  The long of it: Decent Asian supermarket with well-kept meat counter and deli--will suffice for any foodie looking to brew up some Asian concoctions at home or looking to grab a quick, delicious meal, cafeteria-style.  Asia Food Co.'s selection of produce, frozen and dry goods is satisfactory, though I must agree with fellow Yelpers: there was something unsettling about the handful of empty shelves interspersed throughout the aisles.  Better display management or stocking practices, and you're up to a five-star review!  I've been to my fair share of Asian grocery stores, and the meat/butcher's counter here stood out for me.  All the meat and seafood looked clean and fresh and best of all, there wasn't even the slightest whiff of raw meat that you'll normally find at the butcher counter of say, a Giant Eagle.  Proper refrigeration, an airy, open layout, and full ventilation throughout the market no doubt lead to this rarest and rather disconcerting phenomenon: an odor-free Asian supermarket.  Sans the usual funky overtones of Asian herbs, spices, and ripening meat stewing at room temperature, Asia Food Co. won the approval of even my bf's non-Asian olfactory preferences.  The hot deli and bakery section at the back of the market is equally outstanding.  We'd actually been initially lured by the fact that the former owner of the market (Mr. Duong) now mans the char siew counter (while his son and daughter manage the daily operations of the market).  We ordered a pound of pork char siew and half a roast duck--the taciturn, cleaver-adept Mr. Duong even threw in extra sauce to go with the duck.  Both our deli orders were succulent and well-seasoned--a real hit.   While Park to Shop down the street holds a wider selection of Asian household products, snacks, dry goods, and produce--not to mention that it's in the same shopping center as our favorite dim sum hangout Li Wah--and Asia Food Co. evinces the air of a half-renovated, half-stocked work-in-progress, the latter is noteworthy for its excellent onsite Chinese barbecue and well-attended meat and seafood sections.  I'll definitely be returning for my general Asian grocery needs, even if it means traveling a little farther after dim sum runs!~bbq pork 
If Park-to-Shop offers better prices, this authentic Asian grocery offers better selection.  Housed in the renovated Asian town center, this under-the-radar Chinese grocery store is generally less busy than its counterpart several blocks away, Park-to-Shop. As mentioned above, prices are overall a tad more expensive, but occasionally you find a cheaper deal here. The selection in almost every department (vegetables, meats, seafood, snacks, noodles, Asian marinating/noodle/cooking sauces, etc) is larger than P2S and quality also seems a little better. Need pork mini spareribs for steamed black bean pork? Looking for bamboo leaves to make zongzi (Chinese wrapped rice dumplings)? Longing for douhua (sweet tofu pudding)? This is the place to get them! The only thing I couldn't find here was mugicha (Japanese barley tea) mix, for which I had to go to an even more specialized, and more expensive, Asian grocery store that was farther away.  My usual shopping pattern is to hit P2S first, then come here for what I couldn't find there. If you know what specific Asian ingredients/foods you are looking for, this is the place to go.  They also throw in free snacks/bakery goods at the checkout counter sometimes, which is a nice touch. Definitely recommended!~pork pork? tofu barley tea) 
I like this place, and more importantly my wife likes this store. It is often a learning experience for me because even though I've traveled in Asia, there is always something new to see or eat. My wife usually ends up spending most of her time buying fruit and junk food that remind her of her time in Japan, while I just wander aimlessly through the store looking at things that hardly seem edible to a Parma bred white guy. For some reason, even after being immersed in many cultures, Asian food is a tough one for me. When it's good, it is great. When it is bad, well, I could tell you some tales. Anyway, store is great, but I still try to dissuade my wife from buying the shrimp in the fish area. Usually she ignores my advice with nary a word.~white shrimp 
This is one of my favorite Asian markets.  This place is kind of a mini destination if you ask me. There are art galleries and a Korean restaurant upstairs. The place is still not very well know so it is not hipster-ed out yet.  Moving right a long.  The market.  They have amazingly fresh produce.  It is really economical to buy your veggies and just about anything else from Asia!.  The cafe in the back still serves up a great bowl of Pho amongst many other treats.  They also have prepared foods as well.  The BBQ pork, Squid, ribs are all very good.  They even have piggy heads.  Who does not like a good pig head every now and then!  They have some baked goods that are really tasty.  They have these amazing spring rolls that I absolutely have to devour every time I'm in the area.  This place is very big and very clean. There is one thing this place is lacking, and that is that funky Asian market stench,  kind of like a mix of old fish and poop.  I am not complaining either!  The service is fast and friendly, they even remember your name.  Oh, on a side note they have Kafir Lime leaves, lemon grass, decent seafood, some nice meats, and a few Hispanic products as well.  Most meat at Asian markets have a high freak me out factor. Not here.    So come here, trip out the art galleries, listen to the Japanese drum group, visit Negative Space upstairs, then hit the market and cure your munchies.  I would even say it is a kind of cool date place my non Asian friends are baffled that this place exists.   Sayonara zetsubou sensei~bbq pork 
I would have given it four or even five starts when it first opened and when I was so excited for a bigger and cleaner alternative to Park to Shop. However, a couple of years into its operation, I just don't feel the supermarket has been attracting enough customer flow to keep the produce fresh enough. About a year ago I saw the vacuum-packaged bamboo shoots in the dairy section all expired and I directly reported it to a store manager. Months after my unpleasant discovery, the same products were still sitting there.  I've also seen other expired products on shelf, which I understand can be common with Chinese supermarkets, but it still makes me very uncomfortable to shop there especially after reporting the issue and seeing no change. Comparatively speaking, Park to Shop has a stronger customer flow (it is usually the preferred store for Chinese students) and they have less of an issue with expired products. Park to Shop does appear messier though. I was hoping to switch to Asia Food Co but eventually I had to switch back to Park to Shop for its more updated and complete choices. I do want to point out that the building/complex is pretty interesting - in addition to Asia Food Co, it now has very good Korean and Vietnamese restaurants, art galleries, a beauty supply shop and a massage place (I believe). I have also seen it as a stop of Lolly the Trolley. It's worth checking out.~bamboo shoots 
There are three different Asian groceries that I frequent in the same area: This (the Asia Food Co), the Park and Shop, and then the one further down Payne that may or may not even have a store name in English.   Each has its strengths and weaknesses. The thing is, if I'm going to one, I'm going to them all. My KM (Korean Mom) insists on going to all three to price compare things like egg roll wrappers, Napa cabbage, rice flour, etc.    Sometimes, we'll be at the Park and Shop, having already been to the other two stores, when KM learns that the Asia Food Co has the egg roll wrappers she needs for like 4 cents less a package....so guess who's heading back to the Asia Plaza to save the two or three bucks on an insane amount of egg roll wrappers?  Whenever KM buys in bulk (and she always buys in bulk), she "negotiates" a 10% discount on her order. The negotiation goes something like: "Hey! You give me 10% on wrapper for full case!"  The stockroom worker who brings out the dolly / forklift of product sometimes has to flag somebody down to okay the discount. In that time, KM decides that s(he) must not have understood the language, and s(he) has retreated in shame: "Should really speakeeee Englishhhhh, working with 'merican!!!! Look at me! I come from Korea, no school, nothing! And I speakeee ENGLISHHHHHH!"    But I digress... I love my mom.  Overall, I have to say that, when I'm doing my own shopping, I prefer this store to the other two. It seems to have more of the specific products I like (like the melon ice cream bars - holy yum!) and is well-stocked and organized. Also, one of my favorite restaurants, Miega, is right upstairs.~egg roll napa cabbage 
This is a big Asian grocery store with lots of variety: we saw Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Vietnamese foods - to name some very broad categories. There's a restaurant in the back, along with prepared food like dim sum for takeaway/takeout. The building itself also houses an art gallery, several restaurants, a massage place, etc. - so plenty to do.~thai, 
There are 2 parking lots, the one right off of Superior actually takes you to the service loading dock for the grocery (and a sign that says not to enter...but if you go quickly no one will notice). And you'll be right at the restaurant section! Otherwise you have to go out to the sidewalk to enter another parking lot and enter the shopping complex through the main entrance.   Awesome selection and a had a fun time walking around here for the first time. We found fake beef and chicken (or maybe it was pork? we're not so sure.. its called "vegan soy chunk") and some canned vegetarian duck (I have yet to try that!) and a significant fake beef jerky section. The place has an entire aisle dedicated to ramen. Thank god some of the packages have english on them, so we were able to spot at least 1 vegetarian package. (the Maruchan "oriental" ramen that is in most grocery stores is not vegetarian), only "Top Ramen" brand oriental is vegetarian - which can be hard to find sometimes! They also carry canned and fresh jackfruit, which some vegan recipes call for.   Some produce is by far cheaper here than even walmart (zuchinnis) but others are not (avocados).  And while the place was packed, it was because we came the weekend of the Chinese New Year celebration, so will have to go again to get a sense of what the checkout lines are like on a normal day.~beef chicken ( pork? beef jackfruit, 
I had some of their roasted pork and lemongrass roasted chicken legs today.  That was astounding.  The pork was amazing in my homemade fried rice-- rich, juicy and perfect!!!~roasted pork 
This is a great place in the North St. Lawrence Market. Actually my fav is not the strudel but the butter tarts -- They have plain, raisin and nut -- but I love the raisin and they have that just right level of gooeyness.  OMG -- I will so be back for more of these!~butter raisin raisin 
Oodles of Strudels is a bakery in the North market (open Saturdays) in the St Lawrence Market. They sell strudels (obviously) and various breads.  They make a bunch of non-traditional types of strudels: poppy seed, cherry with cream cheese, brambleberry, apple-cranberry and wild blueberry. They also make the traditional apple type.   They also make these RIDICULOUS pecan butter tarts. I bought some for my dad a few months ago and he is continuously nagging me to pick him up some more next time I visit the market.   Everything is super fresh, made daily (in Oshawa, I believe) and brought up to the St Lawrence market each week.  Great place to pick up dessert when hosting a meal.~cherry cheese, apple- cranberry apple butter 
Um, yeah. See, I wrote this review about an hour after eating lunch at Sushi Hut. Earlier I had a sneaking suspicion that something might be wrong with the spicy tuna roll I ingested, but I dismissed my fear as mere West Coast prejudice. Another hour or so after writing this review, however...well, let's just say I stayed in for the night.   Thanks, but no domo arigato Sushi Hut.~sushi tuna roll sushi 
I'm honestly unsure why people have posted such poor reviews of this place; I've been there several times over the past year and have never had a bad experience. I've gone with sushi noobs and experienced eaters alike, and nobody has had a complaint. Even my mother, notorious for her strict views on service, was pleased with her experience there. In the times I've gone, I've tried probably one-third of their standard rolls and a half-dozen specialty rolls, as well as their soup, salads, and sashimi. My only real concern was that their sashimi rice wasn't as sticky as it probably should have been; several pieces disintegrated when dipped into soy sauce, but that only happened on one occasion, so I'm guessing it was just a poor batch of rice.  Service-wise, we've always had prompt, polite waitresses who are willing to accomodate any special requests. Their chicken katsu (the only hot dish I've had there other than miso soup) was well-prepared and juicy, although the katsu sauce was more ketchupy than I liked.   Honestly, though, it rates far above Takara in the downtown sushi department, in my book. I really do suggest you give it a try.~sushi salads, soy sauce, chicken miso sushi 
Technically, Sushi Hut is now closed. Osaka House is in its place, but I doubt for too much longer.~sushi 
Is this some kind of social experiment?  The waitress asks if the food was good to see how nice people are willing to be?  Or which schmucks think it's automatically good because it's a well-painted sushi place?   Well sir, I never signed up for this.  Worst.sushi.ever.~sushi 
I ate here this past weekend with my boyfriend.  We're both big sushi fans, and it had just opened recently with an attractive window display, so we wanted to try it.  Rough summary: Bad service, adequately prepared but with a bad menu.  The waitstaff appears to be quite new, and totally incompetent.  Our waitress brought out my boyfriend's salad at the same time as our sushi rolls (and had to have the salad pointed out to her on the menu when we ordered).  She half filled our water glasses when we arrived and never touched them again; by the end of the meal I had been out of water for at least 15 minutes.  After eating, you receive a ticket and have to pay at the register, which took FOREVER.  Admittedly there was a big group of undergrads ahead of us trying to split their lunch six ways, but it was still pretty ridiculous to make us wait in line for 10+ minutes for the privilege of paying.  The sushi itself was mostly mediocre.  The spicy tuna was extremely disappointing--it was relatively spicy, but had no crunch and very little flavor beyond "spicy."  It also included avocado, although the menu didn't indicate that it would.  The Hawaiian roll was decent, but had way too much cream cheese.  If you don't want a hefty dollop of cream cheese in your sushi at Sushi Hut, you'll have to avoid basically their entire Special Roll menu, as almost all of it contains cream cheese.  The Dragon Roll was actually quite good; it did have cream cheese, but not as much as the Hawaiian.  Sushi Hut is comparably priced to Takara, just a couple of blocks up State, but inferior in pretty much every way.  Save yourself the trouble.~sushi salad sushi salad sushi tuna avocado, cheese. cheese sushi sushi cheese. cheese, sushi 
I decided to give it a try for carry out after reading the conflicting reviews. The seaweed salad is $5 with a tablespoon of seaweed on lettuce. I probably would have gotten a better deal with a regular house salad, however, I didn't want a bed of lettuce! Next, shrimp and chicken habachi, ok, but the chicken was on the dry side, white rice with no option of fried rice. Lastly, had the tuna and salmon roll. It was ok, pretty much the same as you can get at your local grocery store. Overall under impressed for the price and quality. Takara may be a better option. ( Delivery through Grub Hub )~salad lettuce. salad, lettuce! shrimp chicken chicken white fried rice. tuna salmon 
I really wanted to like this place - close to home, simple menu of burgers and fries, nice look. I even gave it a second chance, but no more. The first time we went the service was tepid at best. The food was okay. The second time I went, the counter guy had his back turned to the counter and kept talking on the phone even though we were waiting to order. He was surly and went outside and spit. Eeewww. Again, the food was okay but the counter guy left such a bad impression I was kind of grossed out eating it.  It's a shame because it looks like someone spent some bucks setting this place up. Too bad the owner seems to be MIA - I can't see this place staying around too much longer.~burgers fries, 
Well, I was surprised to see the not so great reviews here.  The first time a friend and I attempted to eat here we came up to the place as they were closing and they seemed really apologetic.  There were 2 people working and one of them told us the hours of operation and gave us a couple menus saying that next time we can call in our order ahead of time if we liked.  Coming back a few days later we were helped by a seemingly pleasant man.  He took all our orders and went to throw the patties on the grill before helping the group of 4 behind us.  Personally I thought that was nice because I was hungry, however I could see the group behind us not liking it.  I ordered "The Box" which was a cheeseburger with french fries and a large drink.  My two friends got the same thing with bacon as well.  When the food was served it was hot and displayed nicely.  To the other reviewer's comment about there not being any sauce other than the basic condiments or the paid sauces, I'll say that the bacon burgers come with a cup of chipotle ranch by default.  We all mistook it for fry sauce and as I didn't get one, I asked and even though they do charge for the side cups, the employee gave me one for free anyhow.  My burger was perfectly cooked just on the verge of being red but had crossed over to pink, personally just the way I like it.  However, one friends was closer to grey and he said it seemed a bit dry.  Here's where I'll say that it might be a wise idea to just mention how you like it cooked when you order.  Overall it was a great burger, honestly better than my first experience with the new Five Guys that recently opened near here as well.  Also the fries were quite tasty and all a good cut, with not many litlte short or overly crispy ones.  The bacon on my friends burgers look to be cooked perfectly as well in that it was just about crispy but still soft.  The chipotle ranch that they came with was good and complimented my regular cheeseburger as well as it did the fries.    Overall it was a good experience and a delicous burger that I ate.  I'll definitely go back and hope that I recieve the same service and quality food that I did before.  Also the employee bid us farewell upon leaving.~french fries 
I was VERY reluctant to try this neighborhood place because of the past reviews but I finally gave into my young, picky son who has been bugging me for weeks to check it out.  Wow - this was one of the best, tastiest burgers I've had since I can remember!!!  My caprese burger was fantastic and my son was thrilled with his bacon cheeseburger.  The buns are toasted just perfectly and the toppings were fresh and generous.  The staff was very friendly and the cook checked on us to see how our meal was.  I'm very excited to have such a great, inexpensive burger place right down the street.  We'll be back often - I'm on my way out the door to take my husband there for lunch right now!~burgers burger bacon burger 
Okay well I already reviewed this place ONCE but YELP refuses to remove this duplicate existence of Burger Studio so I'm going to show you the link to the original one - http://www.yelp.com/biz/burger-studio-phoenix#hrid:bU7kzvjzLcPEFxFqmzcrDQ/  And then repost my review:  You know the menu looks so good.  You really want to love this place and visit it daily because there is so much on the menu.  Then you get your food and realize that it is just not good.  I had a mushroom swiss burger with a side of sweet potato fries w/pesto-mayo dipping sauce.  The bun was stale (clearly frozen) and got wicked soggy, the patty was from Costco, and the mushrooms were drenched in grease.  Ate about half of it before I gave up.  The fries really weren't bad but they were no where near as good as Fez or even Deluxe.    I hated the interior of this place - it made me uncomfortable to sit there and watch this "chef" peel off paper from frozen patties.  This space would make a great ANYTHING ELSE but the cheapskates who run it are clearly just running a bait and switch job with the menu.~burger mushroom burger sweet potato 
Went there for lunch with some coworkers. Surprised that there was no one there as it was 12:10pm, prime lunch time. Ordered the bacon cheese burger with sweet potatoe fries with a drink for about 11 bucks. The burger was great! The bun was delicious and everything complemented each other. The sweet potatoe fries were equally good, nice and hot. Only complaint would be the price as 11 bucks for burger fries and drink is a bit excessive in my book.~bacon cheese burger 
Was looking forward to a place that specializes in burgers, this is my it. There was less than 20 people there and it took 45 minutes to get fried burgers. They asked us how we wanted our burger. We ordered medium, they all came out over cooked, dry and not even warm. The waitress wasnt very helpful. I'm pretty open to place, but I doubt I will give this one another try. The manager was nice and apologetic.  This is also "ourgang saloon and grill", they don't own a grill.~burgers, burgers. burger. 
Had lunch at the Burger Studio yesterday. I always get nervous when there are not too many people in the restaurant at lunch or dinner. Usually a sign of some sorts.   Ordered the Studio Burger and I thought onion rings (felt like I was down a quart of oil). What seemed like a long time to receive my food, I was unhappy to see fries instead of onion rings. Oh well.   The hamburger extended over the bun which is always a good sign for a custom product. I was impressed with the bun as well, not a flat, stumpy bun but a high top with a nice sheen. It was delicious and the fries were good as well. Owner stopped in we greeted at which point I told him about the fries/onion rings and he immediatly comped me an order. They came out and looked very oily. Distictive beer batter flavor. Not that good....stick with the fries which are great.   Overall....great tasting burger and fries and compared to the other guys (Zin, The Grind, Smash Burger) I put it right up there and a lot less expensive.~burger burger onion rings ( fries onion rings. fries fries burger fries burger) 
I really wanted it to be good.  It was kinda good.  A little over cooked and bland, though.  They did play great 80's music, though.  I might go back and try the caprese burger, but probably not.~burger, 
Unlike other people we were greeted promptly and given excellent service.  The counter staff asked us several times if everything was okay and met with out satisfaction.  The burgers here are top notch and run about 7 bucks.  But they are HUGE!  Not in the mood for so much red meat...relax...they also offer turkey, chicken, and veggie burgers.  I am a fan of their turkey burger.    I've only had the fried zucchini as far as appetizers.  The fried zucchini was average and okay.  The burgers are the definite stand outs at  this joint.  I think clearly they realized their service was not up to par and they have made corrections.  Their burgers are definitely worth the trip.~burgers chicken, burgers. burger. zucchini appetizers. zucchini burgers burgers 
The husband and I came here after work because I was starving.  Upon walking in, I was really excited and I felt like this was going to be a 5 star place.  The decor was simple and clean, and it kind of reminded me of my house.  Then it became a 4 star place when our order came to 23 dollars.  A little pricey for me.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger that touted applewood smokey bacon along with a side of tater tots.  Yum!  Our food arrived, and well, I subtracted another star because it was sloppy looking and frankly, a tad unappetizing.  My tots were pretty dark but I happen to like mine overcooked so they are really crispy.  Other people may be very disappointed with this.  The burger was very large, but the patty was very commercial.  My bacon was the biggest disappointment.  It was translucent!  I expected nice thick cut bacon when ordering an expensive burger.  The taste was no better than appearance.  It was incredibly grease laden, so much so that it made the bun soggy.  Additionally, I am 99.4% sure that everything they used comes from Costco.  The patties were definitely the same ones that come in a big stack with sheets of paper between them.  The bacon was definitely the kind that comes in the big giant reseable Kirkland bag.  Yikes.  Not good.  We're down to two stars.  After I didn't finish eating my burger, I felt pretty gross.  It took a few minutes to sink in, but I realized I just put an immense amount of grease into my tummy.  I am not one to shy away from greasy diner breakfasts and the like, but holy crap, this was a new level.  I didn't feel well.  An hour later, I am definitely sick  Now we are down to one star.  I have a wicked stomach ache as I write this review.  Ugh.  I want to vomit so I can just get this crap out and pretend it never happened.  What a disappointment.~bacon bacon burger bacon bacon burger. bacon burger, 
Stopped in for a burger the other day. The location is great, and parking is easy.  I expected to get a quick lunch.  It wasn't.  I had to wait a long time for my food.  I wouldn't have minded, but I was the only customer.  When I finally got my lunch, it was quite tasty.  The meat was very well prepared, the roll and the garnishes were fresh.  I had a mushroom burger with swiss cheese.  I really enjoyed the food...    It's too bad.... the quality and preparation were good, but it took so long that I probably won't come back unless I call in a carryout order.~burger mushroom burger cheese. 
I just returned from the Burger Studio. We were very excited to support a local restaurant in the north Phoenix area! Sadly, we were left very disappointed. Although the burgers were ok, I had the house special caprese and my husband the regular burger. Not worth the large price tag and awful service. We waited 45 minutes to get our food and once we did, the fries were cold. I asked for fresh ones, which were brought to us, not fresh, but microwaved old ones. We also witnessed one of the cooks cleaning tables, including plates and cups and returning to the food area without washing his hands. He then proceeded to cut up vegetables. Not hygienic to say the least! As we were leaving we overheard another women complaining that another staff member was handling money with a gloved hand and then going back to food prep without washing his hands or replacing the gloves. So, food was ok, if it was safe to eat, but service and atmosphere is not worth the price!~burger burgers burger. fries 
When we walked inside and saw the menu we had high expectations for this place.   There are some very exotic sounding burger options, but I just went with a basic burger and fries.   The burger was pretty good, but a little dry. I get the feeling the people at Burger Studio paid more attention to (unsuccessfully) making the inside look sleek and modern than they did making sure they use high quality ingredients in their food.   Burger Studio is ok, but nothing special. They tried to make it a hip-modern burger place, but they failed.~burger burger fries. burger burger burger burger 
This place was actually in it's last days when we came in to try a turkey burger, they are actually just becoming part of Our Gang Cafe. It really is just a small buger joint. Not memberable, not bad, just meh.   I actually asked for a salad with my burger. I guess that must have been a first cuz the guy asked if I just want some lettuce and tomato chopped up on the side, that made me smile! Served on paper plates and not a fork to be seen.  I might have gone back just because I like supporting small businesses and they was nothing too offensive about the food.   RIP, Burger Studio good effort sorry you are going.~burger, salad burger. lettuce tomato burger 
I went with my 9 year old daughter to try it out and overall was pleased. There are some interesting selections on their menu without having too many choices. The service was good and the atmosphere was pleasant but very cozy and not good for a larger group. Our food was served quickly and hot. The burgers tend to want to fall apart mainly due to the large portions of ingredients, and in my book this isn't really a bad thing. If you want a burger that doesn't fall apart, go get a microwaved fast food burger.  I plan on eating here again as it does deserve another look. It is not perfect but a good alternative to fast food. My complaints though are that hours of operation are not posted, slight confusion as to what to do when you walk in the door and it can get pricey.~burgers burger burger. 
$9 Burger, Fries & Drink what jep... Like the other guy I can smell frozen patty miles away. Wish it was slightly cheaper but the atmosphere isn't bad. Not sure that I'd recommend this place even to my enemies!!!~burger, fries & 
Burger seemed like Costco food. The burger was dry and not appealing to eat, we thought it was going to be a cool little joint like scrambles next door but it was disappointing with the poor seating area, and EXTREMELY loud tv. The produce was old and I didn't like that the cashier made my food. I hated the cheap pre measured fries... If I'm paying that much for a burger I should get more fries than a hand full.~burger burger fries... burger fries 
4.5 star burgers, 4 star facilities/location (they are really trying to improve the northern sunnyslope area, and Burger Studio's presence can only help), 4 star service, 4 star decor (hipster diner), 4 star "sides" like fries and rings.  Park is a breeze, and the menu is simple and stares you down in a super-sized way as soon as you walk in the door.  I love that.    The current 2.5 yelp rating is deceptive.  Remember, this is one of only NINE restaurants in all of Phoenix that has earned the coveted 5-star rating from the Arizona Republic.  I actually value the Republic's ratings since they will brush aside pretentious ratings focusing on the restaurant's pedigree or Q-factor, and simply hone in and focus on the food.  I personally wouldn't go as high as five-star (these are, after all, only burgers), but the burger quality is on par with the Chuckbox, and two full steps above places like the highly overrated Delux, or the chains like Red Robin or Fatburger.  I have noticed that they can miss the mark sometimes on the doneness rating of your burger - you may get med. rare to med. well if you order a medium, but the beef is generally good enough to satisfy even if the cook wanders a bit from your preferred cooking level.  The fried sides are satisfying, but not delectable.  In short, come for an excellent specialty burger, keep your expectations calibrated, and you should come away well satisfied.~burgers, burger fries burgers) burger burger - beef burger, 
We were not greeted when we walked in the door.  The lady running the counter gave us a surly look and went back to restocking the counter items.  Then, after she changed the small garbage bucket, while wringing garbage juice off her hand, she asked what we wanted.  We just stopped in for a snack and I had wanted to try their food, so we ordered the sliders to share along with some sweet potato fries and a tea.  No thank you or smile or anything, we were obviously just in her way.  Our sliders arrived with sweet potato fries that were obviously sitting out for the day.  Cold, lifeless and disgusting.  I went back inside and asked for a fresh batch and got dirty looks from everyone.    While waiting for the fresh fries, we ate the sliders, which were pretty good.  The burger, bun, onions and cheese were tasty, something I'd be happy having again.  But not with service like this and I also noticed that mid afternoon while the staff stood behind the grill eating (2 people observed eating while working, one was garbage juice hand girl), the main garbage remained overflowing with disgusting refuse spattered on the white garbage stand.  Ick.  While the sliders were fine and the fresh fries were pretty decent, the service, attitude, people eating during their shift and lack of clean up were not something I'd like to plan my meal around.  I predict an upcoming health code violation.  No gold or silver stars in their future...~sweet potato 
Okay, it wasn't THAT bad.  As others mention, Counter Girl was a little icy: didn't greet us when we walked in, didn't thank us after our order, didn't ask if we'd like fries w/ that.   Burgers were okay, and came w/ a small, floppy pickle.    Of the 25 or so words illuminated on the somewhat tacky sign that serves as the cramped, modern/minimalist restaurant's only art, warm was the only that could be applied to the main course.  Not lip-smacking, or delicious.  Warm.  Moderate outdoor seating area off to the side.  Wheelchair accessible w/ minimal finagling.  Pricing comparable to the Carl's Jr $6 burger.  Definitely wouldn't recommend it to a friend, but it wasn't the worst place I've ever eaten.~fries burgers burger. 
Excellent bacon cheeseburger. Sweet potato fries equally good. Food took an extremely long time to be served after ordering.~bacon sweet potato 
Burgers are huge. Too huge. Darn near Frisbee-sized. The taste of my basic cheeseburger was OK. Neither bad, nor great...just , well, basic. I will not order one again unless I am sharing with someone or have just run a marathon (and that ain't likely in this lifetime). It's the kind of burger that's fine if I'm passing by and hungry, but I would not seek it out.   The sweet potato fries are something else. I had them with the pesto mayo dip - outstanding. My colleague and I demolished them as the burgers sat untouched until the fries were no more. I seldom rave about potato products (yes, the Regions fry review is an anomaly for me also) , but these were REALLY good - worthy of a special trip.   The place is small, modern and basic. Three 2-person tables outside. The garbage container is awkward - difficult to maunuver the plates through the swing door to dump the unwanted bits without getting it all over ones self and/or the garbage container and floor (I did all three - hat trick!), and I now have a blood blister on my thumb where it pinched me.~burgers burger sweet potato 
Not acceptable for a place that specializes in burgers to fry them.  I don't think they use the best beef either.  However, their turkey burger is really good.  Only burger I will eat there.~burgers beef burger burger 
Wow I really didn't expect much when I saw this place from the outside. But when I walked in and saw a whole menu devoted to burgers I was impressed ( ok they have a couple salads too) I ordered the sliders and wedge cut fries. For the money they were the best lil burgers Ive had in quite some time. I recommend this place for any real burger fan!~burgers salads fries. burgers burger 
Hopefully my review will balance out those early bad ones because Burger Studio deserves a higher rating than two stars.   The food was very tasty - the bun was my favorite part - big, light, and fresh. I had a caprese burger with a turkey patty and a side of pesto-mayo. I ate every bite - it was extremely flavorful and delish.  The staff were friendly, both the cook and the cashier checked on us during our meal and left us alone after that.   The decor was cute - it's always entertaining to eat somewhere that feels "trendy". The funniest part of the meal was when I turned around in my chair and saw the stainless steel "wet....exciting" sign describing the burgers behind me. I almost choked on a tator tot - ha!  One complaint: THEY USE STYROFOAM CUPS. How unnecessary and wasteful. I was horrified and gave the cashier some crap about that. I would have given five stars to drive up the average on this place...but those cups make my heart hurt and I just can't bring myself to do it.   We'll be back.~burger burger burgers 
Always a nice experience. A local owned conscience store and gas station, I frequent here. They have the best selection of chips and soda and much more in the whole neighborhood.~chips 
This place should have 5 stars.  The family that owns this place and works there is A Class.   The son is well trusted with the store!  That being said... they have THE BEST PHILLY SANDWICH IN THE WORLLLLD!  Thanks, guys :)~sandwich 
apparently, this place used to be quite the hot spot back in the days. Now it's run down and the food is a horror. Got the philly cheesteak sandwich which was not that great. Tasted like a frozen microwaveable hot pocket. Not to mention there was a skin of an onion (gross) wedged in there.  The ice cream is said to be homemade. I got vanilla flavor topped with hot fudge, caramel , and bananas. Unfortunately, by this time I was so turned off I couldn't enjoy it.~sandwich onion ( ice cream caramel , 
I've heard about this place time and time again. That if you do a throw down with the ice cream banana split (large in proportion mind you) that you get your name up on the famous wall. On a most recent trip down to Las Vegas our friends had dared another one of our friends to do accept the challenge. After doing a late check out of our hotel, we were stumped. To watch our dear friend dare the challenge of ice cream mayhem or to satisfy this inevitable appetite calling out to us. 7/7 agree, the starvation had to insatiably meet our mouths and stomachs.   -- After lunch ---  We finally headed out to Leatherby's Ice Cream Shop anyways to check it out. Whether he was up for it or not, it was still worth checking out. Our friend did not end up trekking the challenge due to a stuffed tummy, but we did end up grabbing a scoop of ice cream for dessert. Their ice cream is homemade and this quaint establishment is family owned. My husband and I asked for a scoop each of our favorite flavors and granted we only wanted one scoop, we got two! Their portions are HUGE! Not the fanciest place around, but sometimes it's not about all of the gadgets and gizmos. It's about the service, quality and the homemade loved ice cream just for you.~ice cream banana ice cream ice cream ice cream ice cream ice cream 
I've heard about this place from a few people. When I went in, I was kind of shocked by the small menu for sandwiches and burgers etc. The place is mostly ice cream, which wasn't the impression I was given by people who had talked about it.  The place is sparsely decorated. The food was quite decent and the server was a very pleasant Chinese girl, who was very shocked that I could speak to her a bit in her own language. The milkshakes we had with our lunch were also quite good. Not overpowering in taste, and not sickeningly sweet.   The only real negative I found with the place, is that the seating is very uncomfortable. They could really use a few booths and some nicer tables. I'm guessing part of this is due to the economy, however.  All in all? I'll go back and try it again. Maybe just get normal ice cream or a sundae or something, and see if it's still as good. If it is? I'll keep going back.~burgers ice cream, ice cream 
Ok I was super impressed by the amount of ice cream they could fit in a banana split!  I liked the lunch special with a sandwich.  It made me feel like a little kid in a pop shop!~ice cream banana sandwich. 
This is another one of those seemingly small local businesses that deserve a lot of business. It may be struggling now because of the location, there's sketchy passers by that libe in the "budget" apartments nearby, the type that house a group of 12 per room.  The building itself is pink and white and looks like it use to be one of the historic Farrell's chain.   Inside, this place is a complete time travel experience!  If you live here and know who Buffalo Jim is, you'll be relived to find him as you enter the store. He's a fortune telling machine, much like the Zoltar kind. I really need to bring my camera here next time we go.  On the tv commercial- I went before I saw this- the server is wearing a vintage uniform with the puffy sleeves. but there, everyone dresses casual.  They have old fashioned iron parlor chairs and small tables and also an area by the front window for larger groups and tables already pushed together . We were just bombarded with all the eclectic, random decorations around the place. This is what Americana is to me, and this is the look that all of the Applebee's, Buffalo Wild Wings and countless 50's knock off restaurants try to capture with their faux memorabilia.  On the upper ceiling they have pictures of kid's local teams, all kinds of awards. This is a place where hundreds of families have brought their kids for special occasions on a regular basis which is one of the most comforting elements a business can ever have.  There are pillars in the dining area with all kinds of little plaques. They have a sundae and if you can dare conquer it by yourself in one sitting, you can have a plaque as well. A lot of them have really funny sayings on them, some are gross and funny. and if you count the plaques, there must be proof of a few more thousand happy customers here.  On one side, there's a small abandoned room that's something of a storage area. It used to be an arcade room from what I saw. There is a lot of history here, if you look around and think.   The ice cream, incredible. I try to get something different every time I come. We bought a couple of their mugs for home, too. They're the old fashioned thick footed diner style mugs.  the food is alright. It's basic, I think intentionally. The draw here is desert. My g/f thought the grilled cheese was good comfort food. I believe the last thing I had there was the turkey melt.   this is one of the classic places I wouldn't ever want to close down. and it's the business that all the knockoffs want to be. So go to the ORIGINAL.~white ice cream, cheese 
This place has been run down by the times, but BF took me for some homemade ice cream. Kinda odd location, but I suppose at one point this was a good location for them before Vegas changed.  I really like that they have peanut butter sauce here and couldnt resist a peanut buttery sundae to split. We shared, but couldn't finish it and probably needed a 3rd person to polish this off. Our vanilla was creamy and consistent texture, but with not much people coming in I can see how some of the unpopular flavors can get icey since the other ice cream scoops flavors in our sundae had some ice in it. Food decet- not something I'd come drive for, but if I'm there it's not a bad idea to grab a diner-eque sandwich. The server is kooky in a cute way and was very sweet and attentive.   If it wasnt so far off  location for us, Id probably come back for some ice cream. I think, if they were to move again they probably can drum up some business. It'll be some time before I'm on that side of town to drop in but I do appreciate keeping homemade, real and having the ma and pa feel.~ice cream. butter ice cream sandwich. ice cream. 
I went here last night to try the place out.  It was OK.  I was very close to closing time arriving at around 9:45.    The woman was pleasant and she made my sundae quickly.  I got the Black and Tan Sundae which is described by their menu as:  Creamy vanilla and toasted almond ice cream drowned in Leatherby's caramel and chocolate fudge, topped with whipped cream, nuts and a cherry.  It was good but at $7.35 plus tax for two scoops of ice cream, that's too pricey.  For that amount, I can be sitting in Max Brenner's in the Forum Shoppes and not in a run down, older restaurant that has seen better days.  I don't need to return.~almond ice cream caramel chocolate fudge, cherry. ice cream, 
I can't comment on the ice cream, because the place was so dirty and the service so unfriendly that we left without trying it.~ice cream, 
Horrible experience! There's hair on my boyfriend's sandwich, and this asian lady goes "that's not hair, it's cheese!". Later on she still insisted "that's hair but it's not human hair!" I don't freakin care what kind of hair it is, i just want our money back! She offered another sandwich, how can you stomach another sandwich? This place is nasty and horrible. Please save yourself from headache and leaving on an empty stomach. Do NOT go here.~sandwich, cheese! sandwich, sandwich? 
Old fashioned ice cream parlor with tasty banana split, good kids menu, and nice place to bring kids. If you are looking to have wings, french fries and ice cream, come here! Your kids will love you!  The server is a very heavily accented Chinese lady, and the service is fine. It could be better run, but I like this place! It is nothing compared to Fentons, but hey... old fashioned ice cream shops are dissipating so lets keep supporting this place so it doesn't close down. I am sure those who payed for a plaque will be super sad. There is this giant ice cream sundae that cost $16 and it comes metal name tag that they put on the wall. There are lots of them and if I had $16 to spend on myself for just ice cream, I would totally enjoy being a part of the leatherby wall of fame.~ice cream banana french fries 
This place is a diamond in the rough!   This is always the last stop before we head out from Vegas cuz it's just good to leave after a hearty burger, fries, and really good ice cream. The service is fast and friendly also. It's family owned and ran so you see the same people all the time.   It's not going to be a very fancy looking place cuz it a pink building filled with old table and chairs that wobble. It's a real old-fashioned ice cream parlor and I swear they've kept a lot of the original furniture haha. They have old-school looking pictures and posters up and could really use a make over, but it has no effect on their food or ice cream.  They have a lunch special that gets you a free root beer float if you order a sandwich or burger before 4pm. It's no dinky float either. I always get the Craig's all-night breath burger with Swiss cheese cuz there's no other way for me. The fries are really crispy and it's just good eatin'. I think the burgers are the best thing on their menu cuz I was disappointed with a couple of their sandwiches before.   Their ice cream is handmade on site and is really good. They have a lot of different flavors and you can get scoops, sundaes, and shakes.  It's sad to see it so dead, but we always try and order lots to give them the business and we tell all of our friends about it. It's really simple food, but that's what exactly what I expect and what I want from there.~burger, fries, ice cream. ice cream ice cream. sandwich burger burger cheese fries burgers ice cream 
We've been keeping our eye on this one for a while now, watching the various phases of construction, not to mention the opening date getting pushed back. In all, it was well worth the wait.   The toddler area, with a climb-on platform that is constantly sprayed from numerous fountains is great for keeping the little ones cool. The kiddie area has a beach-type shoreline, so the little ones can walk or crawl into the water. (Max of about 2ft. depth surrounding the platform, but be careful, as it gets deeper heading to the big pool). For the big kids, there is a double water slide and diving pool, so plenty of fun for the whole family.  The facility has a locker room (with coin lockers) changing area and showers. Just outside the locker rooms, they have flotation vests to loan for those not yet able to swim on their own. Adjacent the pool area, there are a limited number of shaded picnic tables, along with  concrete benches in the kiddie area.  All in all, a great facility, not to mention all this for $1-kids, $2.50 adults.~date 
We go to this pool almost everyday in the summer months. It's very nice. Clean. The locker rooms and bathrooms are always very clean. They also have showers. The lockers are .25 cents to rent. It's just such a great deal all the way around! There are plenty of places to sit in the shade. Quite a few table/benches. They supply the life jackets to children who need them at no additional charge.   All the lifeguards are awesome with the exception of one. There's always 1 bad apple in the bunch! Anna or Annie I think her name was. She is just rude to us every single time we cross her path. We just stay away from her and have fun. But everyone else is wonderful!   Prices went up this year by $1. Last year it was $2 for adults and $1 for kids. This year it's $3 for adults and $2 for kids. That is still not bad at all.   We love Garside pool and will continue to come back. Thank you to all the wonderful lifeguards who help us watch our children and keep them all safe  I take my niece, my 5 year old brother and my 3-4 nephews and their friends. I am stretched very thin some days and em always standing over all of them like a stalker lol. I'm what they call a helicopter parent lol. And I get so nervous when I have that many kids. How on earth am I going to keep eyes on some many at once all by my self? So when I come to Garside I am not so overwhelmed knowing that I have lifeguards right next to me that care just as much as I do for my kids safety. They rotate positions in a circle every 15 mins. So no lifeguard gets tunnel vision. They are constantly alert. It's a wonderful idea to make sure everyone is fresh on their feet. So for all these lifeguards do to keep our children safe... Thank you!~apple 
My Edinburgh-based brother brought me here on my first trip to Scotland.  We showed up relatively late in the evening, after my day spent on two flights, a long walk through Heathrow with a heavy pack, a (short) train trip, and hauling my heavy pack up the stairs from the train station.  I was exhausted and hungry, and showed up at the Forest to hear bloopy trance music and wildlife documentaries projected on the walls.  I wasn't sure if it was a hallucination or if I was safe, but I decided to eat anyway.  I recall eating a lot of avocado on a black bean burger and feeling satisfied.    I went back on my second trip to Edinburgh and it was super chaotic and took some battles to get food & drink, but it was still satisfying and comfortable and there were pleasant & happy people around, plus good art & good music & warm drinks.    If I spent more time here it would probably drive me crazy, but for occasional visits, it's dreamy.~avocado burger 
Like a modern pop song the Forest Cafe will initially suck you in and smother you in its catchy and enticing charm, but then eventually the novelty wears off and your left with an annoying and lifeless composition.  True, the cafe has its unique features: a wholly volunteer run cafe with a trippy, psychedelic interior. On the other hand you'll witness way too many 'too cool for school types' here and the coffee is plain naff.  Still, enjoy the novelty phase though.~coffee 
I felt like I was back home in San Francisco when I enterered this cafe.  It's so hippy and relaxed and open that I almost felt like a yuppy.  I ordered the special, which was Peanut and vegetable curry over basmati rice and it was really good, which was surprising because I don't know if the volunteers are trained chefs.  But I'll love any vegan food as long as I didn't cook it.  Unfortunately, my husband and cousin didn't enjoy their meals (falafel, and burritio), but I think they were just being picky.~vegetable curry basmati 
Forest Cafe is a brilliantly chilled out, veggie oasis of peace to all of mankind vibes in the Old Town. If you're always very conscious, or bothered, about walking into certain bars and feeling people's eyes boring through you, or silently analysing your outfit, and basically making you feel unwelcome, this would be a great place to investigate, as it has exactly the opposite aura (thought I would use a word that ties in with the spiritual healing, environmental, herbal theme of this review and of the cafe).  The cafe is meant to be, or at least I think it is, a chilled out venue for artistic expression, discussion, and very mellow hanging out activities, with environmentally friendly ethics to boot. Well that's how I perceive its credentials anyway. It's certainly a really relaxed place to go for a tea or something stronger, or anything of the vegetarian variety. The cafe is volunteer run, and offers up event space for arts and musical performances. There's always a good mix of interesting events on here, from poetry readings to gigs and workshops, so it's definitely worth coming along if you're in need of inspiration for life in general, or if you want to steal ideas for that book you want to write...I mean share ideas, sorry.~tea 
I'd heard a lot about the Forest Cafe, which is a strictly vegetarian cafe situated right next to George Square!  The staff are mainly volunteers and a friend of mine had been saintly enough to work a few shifts. When I heard they had a Swedish dessert as well as a Nigerian stew on the menu, I felt this place was beckoning me (I'm a citizen of both countries!). Sadly, both delicacies were off the menu by the time I got there, but I was still quite impressed.  The menu is quite impressive with a variety of sandwiches and salads, and as all the food is made by partially untrained volunteers, the presentation is quite rustic (real Food Channel lingo here!).. I had a falafel burger, which tasted alrightttt, but for the menu, which is a bit.. well leafey, and pricey for my taste, I'd say it's the atmosphere of the Forest Cafe that's really special.   After a few minutes in here, you forget about the sun was shining outside a few minutes ago; it's definitely got a grungy (but clean!) to it. If I were allowed to bring my own food and hang out in here all day, I'd probably be there more often than I am.~salads, burger, 
This place is a breath of fresh air from all the samey and wannabe-upmarket coffee places around Edinburgh, but I couldn't come here too often.  The place is all run on a voluntary basis, and so it's never going to be the most pristine or modern place you'll ever go for coffee with friends. Some people love that aspect of its rustic appeal, whereas others find it scummy - it just depends on who you are and what you like.  Take note though, you clear up after yourself when you're done. Again, some people would argue that if they wanted to do that they could have stayed at home for coffee, but it is only fair given that the staff aren't getting paid.  They put live music gigs on here sometimes too, usually up-and-coming student bands, which are very hit and miss... definitely ask around before you decide to potentially write off an evening!  My only word of warning... avoid this place at the beginning of the academic year, until about the end of october. It's full of rah students trying to become 'new wave' and alternative, i.e. a complete personality transplant in the space of a week; it's the first stage of the process before they start taking over Cab Vol on tuesdays. If you don't believe me about how annoying they are, go and see for yourself...~coffee coffee coffee, 
The Forest can change your life.  It did mine.  Because of the Forest I learned that...  ...I hate anarchists, vegans, new age folks and hippies.  ...I love cardboard and fireworks. ...cheese can make almost anything taste good.  ...the law (as well as institutional hygiene) is more of a vague set of guidelines rather than strict rules to be followed. ...science and hippies rarely mix. ...protester-tourism leads to broken windows and ideals. ...fixing toilets usually involves a bit of determination and elbow grease. ...fixing refrigerators usually involves a call to a repair man. ...community can be a buzzword or a legitimate being. ...the free shop can provide a wardrobe and a box of wine if you're there at the right time. ...musicians always think they're the shit.  They're usually just shit. ...a volunteer run cafe provides for entertainment in many different forms, often in form of horrible service. ...a volunteer run cafe allows the customer-shopkeep relationship to be flipped on its head.    The (always) free events are usually more miss than hit, but when you've got a hit it is legendary.  If you can overlook the privilege this place exudes, the Forest is pretty rad.  I just wish there was soap in the bathrooms more regularly.~cheese 
I have one vegitarian friend, who I think might just be veggie to be different. I cannot be arsed with it, animals were put on the earth to be eaten, end of story.  So you can imagine my disgust when I was positively hoodwinked into coming here with a friend who's room-mate was the sort of token happy clappy pot smoking type that you see in American movies. We arrived and I swear to God, a man was beating a drum and a woman was dancing around him. I thought I'd come to some new age, hippy orgy. I was scared.  The food is all veggie. Hmm. I had a falafel burger which was absolutely ming but then I just don't like burgers that have no meat. That ain't a burger! Anyway, I ate it and sat there in a corner reading about meditation and healing classes and praying we could leave soon. Around 4 people spoke to me, and touched me on my 1 hour stay. I'm not into that at all.  Maybe I'm being harsh but all this airy fairy clap trap gets my goat so I'm sticking to my guns and saying I would rather chew my own ear off than come back again, but if you are into all that then get yourself down there...you'll bloody love it.~burger burgers burger! 
Staff were friendly enough when, after a few minutes, I decided to break the ice at the counter by asking for a couple of coffees. The coffee was ok, but thinking instant. Apologies if wrong.  I like the idea of a place like this being run by volunteers and am happy to make allowances that the skills required of paid employees may be less evident.  However, I'm more of a WRVS type, where nothing seems to be a bother or too much hassle for staff.   With so much competition around I don't think Forest Cafe is going to entice customers away the mainstream market on its ethical aspirations alone but wish it luck in its endeavours.~coffee instant. 
This service here has been very friendly. The manager at the time was this super friendly old man that kind of reminded me of Santa Claus.  On one particular occasion, one of the workers screwed up my combo and didn't give me fries. Like what the hell, right? Anyways I walk inside the store, and some scumbag just gives me the stink eye. Then out of nowhere, BOOM Santa Claus comes in and gives me a large for free.  If you're wavering on what fast food eat, come here just because of Santa Claus working here.~fries. 
I hadn't been to a Burger King is sooooooo long until I went with my friend the other day.  He talked me into it.  I shouldn't have let him.  I got the "veggie" burger and it was gross.  They slathered it in some sort of mayo-ish concoction and it wasn't good at all.  Plus you know they cook it right next to all the meat, so it's probably not really a veggie burger at all.  Good thing I'm not a hardcore vegetarian or I would have freaked out!  My friend liked his hamburger, but I won't be going back anytime soon.~burger burger burger 
This has to be the slowest "fast" food restaurant. Every time I have a craving for a whopper I soon remember why I never go there.  It smells going through the drive thru like sewage most of the time and it takes forever to get your food.  Most of the time I get the line "waiting on fries."  The service is seriously terrible.  You could order, go to Safeway, buy the ingredients and make a whopper yourself by the time they have your order ready.~fries. 
I wish I could leave negative stars. This establishment is by far the worst fast food restaurant I've ever been in - and I've been in a lot.  The employees here clearly hate their jobs. I always hope it would change, because let's face it, sometimes you want a dang Whopper. That was the case for me tonight. I walk in - hear the door chime to alert people I was there. I stood at the empty counter and waited. No one shows up. So I shift a little bit since there's an employee there washing trays. She makes eye contact with me then quickly looks away. I wait a few minutes longer. So after more than 5 minutes of waiting to have my order taken... I just decided to leave.  This is not the first bad experience I've had here. It's gone through a few management changes over the past few years, I always thought the service would change... but it never has. Their slogan is "have it your way", so why is that me, as a customer, asking for the fries to be cooked longer is mocked by the manager? DO YOU THINK WE CAN'T HEAR YOU? Additionally, please know that just because a person looks a certain ethnicity doesn't mean we don't understand Spanish ;)   The floors are almost always sticky. The trash usually overflows. It's just horribly ran.~fries 
Burger King is a good alternative for.... (fill in the blank).     Their broiling of burgers offers a distinctive taste and for the most part the food and service is good.  This particular location is convenient to FLW and Shea Blvd and we have found their employees to be very nice.~burger burgers 
This has been the hardest star rating in a long time, wish I could give 2.5 star rating!  This was one of the more unusual / eventful meals out in a long time.  I work nearby and have been watching the renovations of what used to be Rainbow Arch. I went here for dinner before going to the theatre as I was in the mood for oodles of noodles!  The renovations here feel like they have been started, and enough done to open the doors to the public and get some cash in the till to then do some more.  The drinks stock is very basic and the waitress advised that they will be getting more options in soon. The same must be for the menus as it literally is printed on A4 paper and stapled together! Paper table cloths and no music. The waitress had chunky black plastic glasses on with no lenses in them, fine as a fashion statement or in a themed restaurant but maybe not whilst working?   I opted for tofu and pineapple with noodles and my husband had chicken in a black bean sauce and fried rice. The food was amazing, really really tasty and I was very pleased indeed with my meal choice indeed. Check out my pictures. The fried rice served in a bamboo box was fun and kept the rice hot to go back to.   Anyway, we were three quarters through out meal when a mother and daughter who were also dinning started a disgruntled discussion with the manager that very quickly got louder and more involved, the manager was very composed and asked to discuss aside etc but the woman was now shouting and frankly disturbing every other diner. The just of it was that the mother had gone to use the bathroom and found them not up to standard and after a few shouts of environmental health this and disgusting that, lots of swearing and pulling the managers coat off him....the woman left!  The manager apologised and we were all a bit dumbfounded and looking around at each other.   We finished our meal and I decided out of total curiosity I had to go and check out the bathroom........wouldn't you? Ok, so when I mentioned earlier about partly renovated it is the bathrooms that are the main culprits. The gents (the door was wide open, I didn't go in) had been a little updated but a bit grubby.  The ladies is right out of the 1970's with burgundy (alternative to the avocado suite) but rusty plug, taps and overflow. One sink out of order and only one cubicle had a light in it. In need of a good deep clean. Ok then I turned round to see the graffiti covered wall complete with marker pen drawings of male genitals!!!  It was so bad that I burst out laughing. I can clearly see why the woman wasn't happy with them but I certainly wouldn't shout the place down.  So, there you have it.  Great food but needing a lot more work done to bring the decor up to standard.   Undecided if I will go back?~tofu pineapple chicken black bean sauce fried rice. fried rice avocado 
I needed to grab a quick dinner on the way home from the gym and decided to check into Astra for take out.  I tried some of their deli food during the annual Bloor West Ukrainian street festival in the summer.  I ordered a dozen perogies ($5.60) and five cabbage rolls ($7.40).  There were no prices displayed so I feared it was going to come out to an very expensive bill considering it was Bloor West Village.  My orders were weighed on a scale and the price was written on top of the styrofoam container.  The perogies were quite good.  I got the cheese and meat versions.  The cabbage rolls, however, were still frozen so I had to pop them into the oven for about 40 min.  They were a bit on the bland side and needed some salt/pepper.  I would check out Astra again, especially for perogies, and maybe some of the other foods I saw in the counter like chicken, schnitzel, and sausages.~cabbage cheese cabbage chicken, 
The only remarkable thing about Astra's storefront is the sandwich board outside announcing their $2.50 pork schnitzel sandwich on a bun, and the interior isn't much to write home about either. The lighting could be better, the single aisle down the centre could be wider, and there could actually be signage indicating price points for products. The service is brisk to say the least, but it's not unfriendly and they will answer questions that you have regarding any of the somewhat mysterious/unidentified products on display.   The food is comforting, and very much like the home cooking I'm used to eating at my eastern european friends homes. Also, the plum filled Pczki always make up for any miscommunication that may occur. It worth stopping by fir a quick pastry, and maybe one of those sandwiches. Explore the other offerings at your own risk.  Why they didn't get 5 stars: 1. Lack of identifying labels and prices. I'd like to know what I'm paying for something that looks delicious. I'd also like to know what it is. 2. The service could be friendlier to clients who don't speak Polish/Ukrainian 3. The lighting could be better.~sandwich pork sandwich plum 
I love Astra Deli and I am surprised that the reviewers are suggesting the staff are rude to those that are not Ukrainian or Polish. I've been coming to this deli since I moved to Bloor West Village 4 years ago, and I haven't been to another deli since.    The staff are helpful and the butcher always prepares my meat skillfully and with care.  I can't count how many times I have called them, told them what I want to cook and for how many people, and they provide me with the perfect amount of meat and fantastic cooking advice.  I probably buy at least one 5lb pork shoulder a month there, and in the summer I love their BBQ and Hunter's sausages - oh, and the plum jam filled donuts are freakin' delish.  They're also great for a quick, after work meal of pierogies and sides. I generally call ahead and place my order, and I've yet to be disappointed by their service.  I hope this deli is in the neighborhood for years to come.~pork plum 
So on a whim coming home from work I decided to pick up dinner for my partner and myself. This place has a sign that says something along the lines of "no more cooking" or "real home cooking" or something like that.  So first off, this place doesn't look like anything. Which when you consider the price of rent and the competition of the area, is actually a GOOD thing. Hear me out here. If a place looks like shit and it's in a swanky area, you know there has to be something good about it. Otherwise, it would go out of business.  So you walk in and it looks like a hurting deli (old and kind of run down). But the hot food selection is extensive! From what I can tell it's Ukranian (durrr Bloor West Village). So you can guess what kind of food you're going to be getting into. The review below mine goes into detail.  So I order four things:  Pierogies - Potato Cheddar and Mushroom and Sauerkraut. Delicious! Homemade, great filling, great texture.  Veggies - Lightly sauteed chunks of red pepper, onion, green and yellow zuccini. Nice flavour.   Coleslaw - Vinegar based with a really good seasoning.   This pork and sauerkraut dish that had chunks of sausage, pork and bacon in it that was fucking amazing.  All this food cost me a mere $15.00. I will be back. The ladies behind the counter are super friendly and even flirted with me "excuse me, you have wife?"  The only points lost are for the fact that there are no prices or what the food is so if its busy you might have to wait.~potato mushroom onion, pork sausage, pork bacon 
Great cuts and chicken cutlet sandwich special for lunch. Unlike every other butcher in Bloor West, this place has very reasonable prices. The store may not look the best, but you're coming for the product, not a trip into a museum.~chicken sandwich 
Amazing Ukranian food market! I often come here for their sausages or pierogies. But they also have cabbage rolls, potato pancakes, cottage cheese filled pastries (my friends like these, but not really my taste) and other delicious traditional Ukrainian foods.  The ladies that work here are pleasant and good at moving the line along. If it is busy, make sure you grab a number to get served.   The price is great, if I'm grabbing a quick bite, I'll get 5 large pierogies and it will be under $3! woot woot! There is a small park behind Astra, or a park bench right outside on the sidewalk.~cabbage potato pancakes 
This is a bar that looks as if it is not changed since the 70's a sort of old mans pub feel minus the old man. Even though a small bar they made plenty of room for three plasma tv's and each one with something different for every one. The darts, the cricket and the football shame it's not my cuppa l prefer the news.   Jukebox available no dartboard. But there is a puggy and some warm nuts that cost a fortune or pickled onion crisps.   Music is depressing would be advisable to only have one drink here before going elsewhere.~pickled onion crisps 
I'm not much of a drinker or a bar guy, but this little place is comfortable, and it has some charm.  Outdoors seating is nice in season.  They have a decent beer selection and the food - while it is classic bar food - is above average IMHO.  When I say classic bar food - I don't mean that it is limited to burgers or wings.  they do a pretty good dinner here - including some serious steaks and such if memory serves.  I would say this is more of a wine and hard liquor joint.  My wife likes it and she is into wine.  The decor is classic dark bar, and it is small.  So, very cozy ad close,  One time we were there, there were folks gathered around some of the patio tables playing cards and backgammon.  Not the kind of fraternizing I am used to in PHX, and quite welcome.~burgers steaks 
Have you ever looked at a menu in a restaurant and thought, "I just wished they used a different sauce, or used rice instead of noodles, or used tofu instead of chicken or tossed in a little cilantro"? Well for the customer who wants their Asian dishes made to order, Sweet Lulu is for you!   Their 'design your dish' menu lets you choose noodles or rice, flavouring, meat and veggies and herbs and nuts. I had rice noodles with malay flavouring (sweet peanut satay) veggies and coriander and for eight bucks, I left feeling very satisfied.   The service was also really great. The restaurant is small but it's clean and the seating is very comfortable. They also do take out, which is great way to get exactly what you want for dinner after a long day's work. It's not haute Thai cuisine but you get a lot of food for your buck and when it's made to order, you can't really complain!~tofu chicken cilantro" rice noodles thai 
Love it.  I rarely eat here, but on this hot summers day, (after waking up from a sunburnt, semi-drunken, cupcake crawl sugar coma induced fitful rest) I made my way west to sit in the park with some friends.  How I did not feel well.  As I rode the trolley cars and listened to shameful pop music I thought 'I really need food... and something like... good.'  I stopped at the 7-11 across from Trinity Bellwoods and then saw Sweet Lulu.    I ordered chicken whatever you order, with the works and Thai chili sauce and it was exactly what I needed.  It was like when you show up at your parents after a long day of bike riding, and your Mom asks you what you want to drink and you say whatever, and she brings you a big iced lemonade and it's EXACTLY what you needed, at that moment.  That was my Sweet LuLu Experience.  It was exactly what I needed, at that moment.  It was tasty too, I would definitely have this on a regular day.~chicken thai 
I occasionally stop into Sweet Lulu for a quick lunch on busy work days, due mostly to the fact that it's in the lobby of my office and I don't have to go outside.  I enjoy the rice noodles with Malay (peanut) sauce, but find them a bit heavy at lunch so lately I've been trying other menu items. So far, I'm not impressed. I've had both of the soups (the coconut one is thick like a curry- too heavy for me), the cold rolls (dried out rice paper and full of romaine lettuce leaves) and the tofu satay (so greasy that it seeped through the wrapper and stained my desk). I think the key is to stick to the make-your-own noodles.   One great thing is that you can place a take-out order online and avoid the lineup, which can get quite long at lunch. Another note: after dining in, my suit smelled like Sweet Lulu for the rest of the day. My advice? Opt for the take-out.~rice noodles coconut romaine lettuce tofu 
My only complaint about my meal here was that I was still hungry afterwards.  I ordered the flat rice noodle with tofu and veggies and all the herbs/spices except for ginger and chili flakes. I thought the dish tasted wonderful. Though the bowl looked like a good serving size, there was a lot of bean sprouts in my dish, and not a lot of noodles. Maybe it was a one-off and usually the portions are better, maybe I was just extra hungry. Prices here are reasonable.~tofu ginger bean sprouts 
If you are interested in authentic, affordable Asian food, this is not the place. Especially if it's Laksa you want. The dish they call Laksa is a bland comparison to the real Malaysian curry based coconut soup. Unfortunately authentic Malaysian is hard to find in Toronto, so people will think Sweet Lulu is decent enough, but for anyone who has tasted a genuine Laksa, made in a good Malaysian restaurant, you will be disappointed at their bland efforts.~coconut 
A friend's band was playing up the street and a group of us went looking for food between sound check and show time. We wanted something quickish, cheapish, with beer and enough room for 7 at dinner hour on a Friday. Enter Sweet Lulu.   The service was pretty good. Prompt, friendly, and no errors. Exactly what we needed. Our server even laughed at my bf's 'white person hot' joke and was very happy to split our bill at the end of the meal. Go her.   The menu was pretty easy to navigate, though I was feeling far too lazy to make all the decisions about noodles, sauces, herbs, and meats. I had tom yum soup (meh. fine) and spring rolls (meh. fine). Most of the table had noodle bowls, which were big and tasty, but nowhere near 'authentic'. This is definitely Asian food for white people. The beer selection is Asian lager or Canadian lager, which will do in a pinch.   A fine place to grab some cheapish grub in an area dominated by either really grungy or quite upscale restos.~white white 
Fast Asian cuisine that's delicious. Seems weekdays are the best time to come here if you want to sit down and eat right away. The menu is straight forward; 5 steps to order a rice or noodle main. Easy. I had the fried rice, beef stir fry, with Chinese flavouring (oyster sauce). The portion was generous and I'll definitely be coming back for more.~fried rice, beef 
It pains me to write this, Sweet Lulu. You've been in my life for years. So it is with great disappointment and sadness that I write this review.  Sweet Lulu has always been a Queen West staple and I have many fond memories of date nights and lazy day deliveries. The concept is perfect and the meal has all the elements one could possibly want in a dish - noodles, protein, veggies, garnish and sauce, all customized to your liking.  My beef (no pun intended) began when both my husband and I started noticing tummy troubles after consuming the main dish. At first, I tried to brush it off as something else we had eaten that day, but it started happening more frequently. Before, just one of us or the other... but now, both of us.  I'm not sure what's causing this issue or if some wacky ingredient has been thrown into the mix but unfortunately now, you're just somebody that I used to know.  NOTE: The extra star is for the friendly phone service and awesome delivery dude.~date beef ( 
Love this place! I will usually pick up one of two combinations - either chicken with medium thai sauce or shanghai noodles with black bean. Both are DELICIOUS!! They have an online payment system so I order online, pay online, and pick up in 20 minutes, perfect for a quick weeknight meal :)~chicken thai 
How have I not reviewed this yet?! I've been coming here for years. The staff are mega friendly.  I love the "design your dish" concept - pick your grain, flavour, spices and herbs, then your protein. I wish I could say I explored most options on the menu, but THEIR MALAY SAUCE that is OUT OF THIS WORLD has prevented me from doing so.  The few times that I have tried other options, I've been almost equally pleased. Their chicken satay and laksa soup appetizers are deelish!~chicken appetizers 
I only been there once.. and this review is more personal and maybe a little bias..  This is a cute little place and the idea is great to have you pick whatever you like and how you like your meals to be prepared.  But over $10 for a noodle with chicken and vegetables  that is quite pricey for the quality and quantity you getting.. I am not a big eater and I was still hungry after I ate my soup noodle!  But this is a good place for people that are more picky and want to know exactly what is in the food they ordered.  The services are really friendly and good.... and it is kind of cool to be looking out to Queen street through the big windows when you hanging out with your friends!~chicken 
I dream about sweet lulu... I've only eaten in the restaurant once - there are no w/c's so I don't want to risk it. Take out is quick and the portions are on the side of large. The malay sauce is fantastic. My go to is the veg with tofu, malay, brown rice and all of the spices. I would love to know how many calories this dish has as I eat it way too often.~tofu, brown 
I gotta say, I really enjoy this place. I love that you can mix and match your ingredients and tell them what to put into your stir fry. If you know what you are doing (like can cook yourself) then you should be able to create a tasty dish. The malay peanut sauce is a must, and this is a place that does tofu well! I got the beef once and the pieces were really tiny and a bit disappointing so I will always get the tofu from now on.~tofu beef tofu 
Sweet Lulu is fantastic. They have the cutest logo ever, a really clean and cohesive setup, and a perfect menu. The option to customize your meal every time you come here means you will never have the same meal twice (unless you go a LOT).  Basically you pick your noodles/rice, sauce/soup, meat/tofu/veg, and spices + extras. They really accommodate vegetarian/vegan diets -- they'll ask you what products you're OK with and all the servers are really familiar with the food. They do takeout and your food is packed in those adorable little cartons with the metal handle -- they seem to be a lot more common in the States, I've only ever seen a couple Canadian places use them.   But I digress. The food is amazing. Sweet Lulu definitely has a Thai influence, but isn't an authentic Thai restaurant, because it doesn't need to be. The food stands alone without being labelled. And the best part about it is that you don't feel so guilty about inhaling plates of it. They use huge amounts of fresh vegetables in all their dishes, and everything just feels cleaner than a typical greasy Thai place, so you know you and your intestines won't be regretting it the next day.  To make my belly happy, I usually get the pad thai noodles with malay sauce and tofu and vegetables, and whatever spices I'm in the mood for. That's my tried-and-true, but my absolute favourite is the Laksa soup -- it's a sweet and spicy coconut broth that is seasoned to perfection and tastes great steaming hot. I think I just drooled.  Besides the food being cheap and delicious, the staff are always courteous and kind, and now they deliver right to your door! And it comes pretty fast. It's a dollar or two extra for delivery, but when it gets brutally cold outside, it's worth it.  I used to call ahead and order takeout to pick up on my way home from work and it was always ready and waiting for me. I say go here, and go often. It's soooo good.~thai thai thai thai tofu coconut 
My house mates order from here quite a bit so finally one evening I thought I'd try Sweet Lulu's for noodles. I had the Rice Stick Noodles, Thai hot Chicken Breast with Vegetables for $9.95 and my girlfriend had the Malay noodles Vegetarian for $7.95.  Both dishes included crushed garlic, shredded ginger and coriander.  Delivery took an hour, so for that I probably would not order again, but to their credit they did say so in advance.   I enjoyed the malay noodles that my girlfriend ordered, nice flavourful dish dominated by satay/peanut sauce.  If I ordered from here again, and I probably wouldn't given how many other options there are in TO, I would never order the Thai hot, Rice Stick Noodles. The dish was so salty I could only handle a few mouthfuls. Not sure if they just screwed it up that night and dumped too much MSG in or not, but it sucked.   We also ordered Cold Vegetarian Rolls. Not the best I've had, very un-memorable actually.  I think the branding and niche this place is filling is unique, But as we're lucky there are so many options in Toronto, I would probably try another place before giving Sweet Lulu another chance.  From the other reviews people seem quite happy, and indeed it could have just been a bad dish.~thai chicken garlic, ginger thai 
Excellent variety.  I love their mix and match menu.  Highly customizable. They also deliver to the bar next door which is awesome for bar nights :) The staff are friendly and the place is nicely renovated.  The prices aren't that bad... not cheap but ok... :) Mmmmmm now i'm craving beef in black been sauce with the thick egg noodles... mmmmmm...~beef egg 
I used to order from Sweet Lulu pretty often, and raved about how tasty the little cartons of noodles, the green salad with sesame ginger dressing, and the hot and sour soup were. My usual was the wheat noodles, tofu, and vegetables with malay sauce, and pretty much their entire repertoire of optional seasonings (lemongrass, lime leaves, garlic, ginger, coriander, etc.) Until one day, my dining companion and I got some takeout and there was something very off about it. It just wasn't the same, it wasn't delicious anymore. I'm not sure whether it was an unlucky day and our food just wasn't up to par, or if we simply got sick of eating there, but I haven't been back since.~salad ginger wheat tofu, lemongrass, lime garlic, ginger, 
This is the location I visit the most. I love it here, the tofu is so good! It's cheap and quite a large portion. The laksa soup is also really good, but I like getting the pad thai noodle with the oyster sauce, tofu/veggie mix, and sweet basil. Sooo yummy!~tofu thai 
I've been to Sweet Lulu a few times and every time has been the same - amazing. This is a great casual spot and if you're looking for some really tasty and filling Asian fusion food, this is the place to go.   Whether you're eating in or taking out, you always get big portions and consistently good quality food.    I love that you can make your own meal, You get to choose a base (rice or noodles), a sauce, some herbs, and your meat. I usually get either the Hokkien or the Rice ribbon noodles, the Malay (sweet Peanut satay) sauce, Coriander and crushed garlic, and chicken or beef.   Prices are low, usually around $12-15 per person. A place to check out for sure.~garlic, chicken beef. 
I purchased a certified pre-owned Ford Fusion from Bell Ford and couldn't be happier! The sales staff was extremely courteous and helpful from the moment I stepped in the store. Not only was the process very simple, they offered excellent financing options! I am extremely impressed with how they handle themselves and would highly recommend anyone searching for a new or used vehicle to go to Bell Ford!~bell bell 
Bell Ford is by far the best Dealership I have every been to! Way better than 2 of the ones I have used in the Madison area. Nolan and Justin are friendly and will give you great advice! I have been a long time customer and it will stay that way. Thanks guys for the great experience! Completely satisfied!~bell 
I have to say I was quite impressed with this place. The Juicyyy Lab has a cool geeky vibe with employees decked out in lab coats and hair nets. There are periodic tables depicted on the walls with a table of 'Juicyyy' elements. There are many mirrored surfaces and the place has a very clean in clinical feel  The staff were very friendly and it wasn't intimidating to go in and order. Sometimes I feel uncomfortable in a health-concious food store or restaurant because I am overweight and out of shape and generally, socially awkward, but this felt really simple and welcoming.  I very much enjoyed my smoothie (Unbelieveable) made with coconut meat, almond butter and other ingredients giving it a very slick and buttery mouth feel. While there is only a hint of sweetness, as I am not fond of very sweet things, I felt this the perfect drink for me. It was delicious and something that I would definitely order again.  The bf had a beet concoction (flava in ya ear) that he loved as well. He drank it so fast I only got a quick sip, so I can't speak to much more than the fact that he enjoyed a healthy drink.  I found that the juices and smoothies were reasonably priced between $8 and $12 and offered in a appropriate portions. When I finished my smoothie I felt full but not stuffed. I would rate them well above liquid nutrition in quality and taste, but again, that might also be the fact that the drink I chose was not very sweet, whereas I find competitor drinks to be too sweet most of the time.~smoothie ( coconut almond butter beet smoothies smoothie 
St-Henri really needs more spot like this one. Healthy lunch option. The salad was just great. It's expensive (14$) but the ingredients are real fresh so it's worth it!~salad 
Decided to give this place a try due to Groupon. We presented the Groupon upon arrival and was told "don't worry we will take it off your bill at the end". Server knew darn well that we were using Groupon but encouraged us to get daily special. Then at the end told us, we couldnt use the Groupon as we got the special. This ruined my dining experience as I felt like they tried to trick us.  Food is mediocre at best. French fries were hard, burgers were not bad and Philly cheese steak was so so.  Would not want to go back, gonna try to get refund for my Groupon~french fries 
New owners have taken over and renovated - food is typical pub food however the they cook almost everything from scratch. The food is quite good - perhaps I was expecting more when I heard cooked from scratch. Had some chicken fingers rolled in what appeared to be Doritos and they were way overcooked. Also had a jerk chicken sandwich and it was solid.   The place is spotless, friendly staff, nice patio out back good draft selection.~chicken fingers chicken sandwich 
Best beer selection and prices in stouffville and Markham.  $3 mixed drinks on Saturdays is nuts!  Food here is pretty good, too. The chicken fingers are scratch made and use real chicken breast, easily the best I've ever had anywhere. Great staff and freezing cold bottles of Stella keep me coming back.~chicken fingers chicken 
Why is the menu here so small? Needs way more options.  I ordered the Bigelow burger and it was gross.  SO SO SO salty. Like I couldn't even eat it salty.  Husband ordered the crispy chicken sandwich and liked it.  Prices are way too high for what you get.  We had a groupon so it wasn't that bad, but I would not go back.    Disappointing.~burger chicken sandwich 
My first time here, and it won't be the last.  The menu was great. I was with a fairly large party, half of which ordered the wings, they were huge. I ordered the fish and chips, and I was glad I didn't go for the two piece, because the one I got was big enough.  The only complaint I had, was there was way too much salt on the fries, which was too bad,  because they were good fries, and the gravy I ordered to go with them was good too.  Next time I will ask for no salt, or lightly.  Another of my party had the Salmon, and said it was very good. I really have to get back there to try some more of that menu, maybe even the Mac&Cheese Burger!!!~chips, fries, fries, salmon, burger! 
Disappointing experience:( My husband and I stopped in on a beautiful Saturday afternoon (7/12) for a bite of lunch on the patio.  Our waitress seemed uninterested that we were there - brought us menus but didn't ask if we wanted a drink at the same time.  We ordered bruschetta - which was tasty, but came with no plates!  Bit of a mess.  The fish and chips were okay, the fries were great, the reuben was good, but huge (and no sign of my 'to go' container requested for the 2nd half).  btw - I'm a dog lover, but hate when rules aren't followed.  Is this a dog-friendly patio?  The owner and her friend, and their dog, were having a great time, oblivious to their paying guests while we were there.  The 'domestic' between the couple who own the pub was especially nice to watch - something about unloading kegs. Food was okay, rotten atmosphere - won't be back.~chips fries 
Went for lunch here, was expecting a great meal considering the waitress said everything was made fresh every morning and the fish and chips was one of their top sellers. So we went with the fish and chips ($18). The chips were great, the fish was a strange combo of soggy and partly crisp. Did not meet our expectations at all and I normally would not send anything back, but since I couldn't eat it I had it replaced with an equally bad tasting and over buttered Reuben sandwich that came with a honey/something dressing that was so thick it was more a dip than a dressing.   Had a good feel of a pub and it the staff was friendly. Probably won't be going back anytime soon.  Update!!! The food we had here made me sick and it all came back up - Now I know for sure I won't be back here.. EVER!!!~chips chips ( chips sandwich 
So I had to drop a star. Recent we have gone here a couple of times. I find it hit and miss! Which is too bad because we had high hopes for a better local pub. Our food last night was not up to standard. French fries were bottom of the basket ends and way to crispy. My chicken fingers were good but really how do you screw up those? My husband's fish and chips were not hot, the batter fell off and again his fries were bottom of the basket. I also noticed that sides and dips now come in plastic throw away small containers, they used to come in small ceramic vessels. What's going on over there? Things are sliding fast. And I didn't not mention that my husband was served the wrong beer, the waitress took it back to the bar, waited and brought back the same one. The head had disappeared but it was obviously the same beer. We talked to one the other staff member who was tending bar, he has also been there the longest and is a great server, he was apologetic, took it back and didn't charge us for our drinks which, wasn't necessary but very nice. We ended up leaving shortly after we were finished, usually we linger. It is too bad that it is so hit and miss - hopefully the owners pull it together and get things back on track.~french fries 
Found this place thanks to WagJag!!  Will be back.  Service was friendly.  Menu was limited and very "pub" style but the quality and taste more than made up.  Had the check pea stew as an appetizer.  Filling and delicious.   The corn beef sandwich came on a soft roll and well seasoned.  The french fries superb!  A great pub atmosphere with surprisingly great pub food!!!~corn beef 
I took my boyfriend here, just 10 min from my house, because we frequent pubs downtown and in Mississauga. He was surprised how no one was on the street that night, Friday 11pm Mid-June, and the pub is located in downtown Stouffville. But yes, Stouffville is a quiet little place :)   Anyways, we sat at the patio, which is small and their patio lights were SOOO extremely bright. We each had a beer and shared a plate of Nachos. The nachos were good, but my memory of that evening was really just my boyfriend sitting in front of me :) Also there was a spider from a nearby flower pot...  Reviews from other sources recommend the Beef Dip. They also say that people visit here on game nights. I guess that's what the TV on the patio is for. On our night, no major games, the pub inside was pretty empty and the patio was 7/10 tables full.   All in all, a small pub, good for friends/casual outings if you live nearby.~beef 
Passed by this place while grabbing lunch on my last day of my trip. I always wanted to get waxed but was too chicken to try it back home.   Just have to say that Broadie was very helpful in answering my questions. Made my appointment for 3pm. Had to fill out a questionnaire prior. The esthetician (forgot her name but she has an english accent) I had was very nice and made my experience enjoyable and would definitely go back!  Tips: - be prepared for pain if it's you're first time. It eventually goes away. - think of it like going to see your OB/GYN - don't be afraid to make conversation. It made me feel less uncomfortable.~chicken 
Drinks so strong you'll think the pour spout fell off while making the damn thing.    If you dont mind this, you are more than likely here for a purpose.  I would assume this purpose is to wake up tomorrow and not remember a damn thing.  And this can be accomplished pretty quickly here at Mondays.  I mean I know drinkers who pride themselves on not puking due to rapid alcohol consumption that have puked on the machine that dispenses candy in this joint.  Dont push it.  There are around 5 dartboards in the back, blocking the way to both bathrooms and the exit to the smoking patio.  Try not to hit someone, or try to hit that cute girl in the butt on her way to the john, your choice.  Internet juke and ATM located around the corner from the entrance as you step in, right below the taxidermied deers head. Decor is pictures of old people you dont know, doing things that appear to have been fun at the time (ex.  pictures on a golf course).  WARNING:  Do not play Shania Twain on the jukebox (not even "Gonna Getcha Good"!!!), the old white-haired man who may be the owner (but I dont give an F if he is!!) has no soul.  He will turn it off with his jerky "skip song" button behind the bar.  He will give your money back, but what a turd!  Worth at least one visit in your life.  I myself have probably made over 100 and loved every single one of them.  My favorite was probably the night I ended up on my back on the floor under the aforementioned deers head playing air guitar to the Strokes' "12:51".  Try and top it.~white- 
Mondays is a pretty small bar, but that's okay because no one seriously intends to stay here long. It's a quick in-sober, exit-wasted transaction. The drinks are unreal. Strongest ever, anywhere. Truly. I am a proud badger and can out drink many a man who did not grow up in the great land of cheese, but Mondays challenges your liver in painful ways. On the other hand, if you can stomach it, it's a great way to get on everyone else's level if you've just met up or fallen a drink behind, and for cheap no less.  The main thing I dislike about this bar is the clientele. Somehow a bunch of thirty plus, Jersey Shore loving meatheads found this place and call it home base for hitting on college girls who are only there to pre-game. Is that an Affliction T? Gross.  Sometimes Mondays is a necessity and it's good to know its there, just in case you need it.~cheese, 
This was a pleasant surprise on an all too common Sunday afternoon.  This was the third choice on the list of lunch spots for Sunday.  We first thought we would try amalfi on 5th (old bruschettas at holiday inn), but they were closed...odd, for a hotel bar, then we drove by 17th st. grille and found them to be closed as well.  We are drawn into folino's initially by the outdoor seating and crowd.  I've been by this place multiple times and had planned to check it out for a while especially after I had heard that sienna miller (of sh*tsburgh fame) was denied entry.  So, we end up at Folino's... too hot to sit outside Annie and I walk in pass a big bar and friendly tatooed gal bartender to duck into the dining room on the right, get a good table in the back.  I'm not sure how to describe the atmosphere, but I really liked it.  There were real paintings on the walls.  THe colors of the wall were very loud, plus there were a few plasmas and everyone seemed to have a smile on their face.  Len joins us minutes later.  The menu is pretty big, I guess it should be mentioned that this family also owns tom's diner or vice versa and you have full access to the toms' diner menu as well as a few more upscale options.  THe gal waiting on us is pretty good, your typical yinzer (in a good way).  She steers Annie away from some dish and seems to have an opinion on most things we ask.  I never order liver and onions, so when I do I want to make sure they are up to par.  I ask the gal about these and from the expression on her face I can tell she's not a fan.  Now, as an aside I think I actually will try them because I'm thinking this has more to do with her disdain for this delicacy than the relative goodness of this liver and onions compared to another.  I settle on a gyro... It's fine, just like any other gyro I've ever ordered for the most part.  Len settles on the peach salad with some chicken.  He says it's good.  It sounds good if only I liked salads.  Annie has the chicken romano.  I'm typically not a fan of this dish, however having sampled this one I may need to re-evaluate my feelings.  It's moist and lightly coated with the egg.  I'm a bit surprised at how much I like it and think I'll have to try again.  I intend to back to this joint if for nothing more than to enjoy the al fresco dining, people watching, live music and to try those darn liver and onions...~peach salad chicken. salads. chicken egg. 
This was a pleasant find on a Saturday evening.  An Italian restaurant with delicious food for reasonable prices.  It also has a wonderful breakfast menu.  The dining area is quiet, and has an open area during the summer time.  The waitresses are classic, friendly Pittsburgh ladies, and the service is prompt and informal.  A really well spaced place that never feels too crowded, and has a pretty large menu.  The bar area is not super great, and if they have Long Island Iced Tea on special, prepare for a roller coaster of an evening that could possibly end with you aggressively defending a movie you hate to strangers.~tea 
Honest & helpful. Who doesn't love that??!!   The people who work there answer questions honestly, not just based on what you want to hear OR what will sell the most product. That's not common anymore, so I have to give them kudos :)   I meandered around the store, asked about their products & such, but all I really needed was a shaker cup. They didn't hold it against me, lol, so I left happily with my new pink lid shaker cup. Like Mr. Schwarzenegger once said, I'll be back ;)  The only draw back to this new store? It's right next to a Five Guys Burgers, lol.~burgers, 
Boy is the name a temptation.Seriously :)  I'll try to be fair though but I'm writing at a time were this restaurant was truly life changing. So much so that I'm buying a dining room table, additional gear for the kitchen and not frequenting any chain while I'm in my hometown based on the strength of this experience. Even in a good mood this place wouldn't be breaking a 2.5 . I'm not in a good mood.    Texas cheese fries. Pretty tasteless,mess of uncrisp steak fries that are meant to be Monterrey jack , cheddar and bacon. Either the cheese mixed itself together really well or that's not what I had. Bacon , mm that is a very generous term for the toe nail clippings of meat that ended up atop it. Saving grace was only ordering 1/2 an order.  Kid's meal.  Holy crap dried and scraggly carrots accompanied the most basic hot dog imaginable on the most generic bun. No refill offered this time on drink, no straw either.   By far the most cynical  kid's meal I've met. Sure make a profit but don't take the piss!  Fresh carrots are not hard to do , with white film on them.. sorry you've just earned a  1 star. Should have walked out, didn't. :(   Entrees.  Cajun steak . Claims to be marinated in spices that I couldn't find. They may indeed have shown them a picture of the process in the recipe but I couldn't find it. Meant to be medium rare but was medium on one side , rare on the other, close though:)   Sirloin steak. Cooked as requested , a bit over seasoned.   Sides: Twice baked potato.  If you ever want to open up a salt mine these guy will do it for you. You want an idea of what it's texture was?  Twice chewed would be a better name. Warm vomit with bacon bits would be  a slightly more colorful, and chunky, term.  Fried onions:   came with whatever was stuck to the grill they came from.The mushrooms were the only thing that were as tasteful as expected. They looked very consistent though,  canned?   Never mind they were edible:   Steak soup,really more a stew,but tasted pretty good.  Overall service was ok'ish but walking the kid to the toilet twice the staff just seemed  to want to get to where they wanted to go and not care for the toddler walking up the aisle to the restroom in front of me.  ( that's for this occasion only , past two times it's been great fun for the kid,)  1.5 rounded to 1 for the carrots.~cheese fries. steak fries bacon. cheese bacon , hot dog white steak . steak. baked potato 
Stopped in at 1:00 on a Sunday, seated quickly. Friendly server (Garrett).  The bread they serve was warm, moist and very good. I had a cup of chili, it was pretty good, had the right amount of spice, even my 8 y.o. liked it. We all chose the "Sunday sirloins" , wife and son had sides of broccoli and sweet potato . Sweet potato could have been a bit more flavorful,  but still was OK.  Steaks were juicy but not quite done right. More medium than medium rare.~broccoli sweet potato 
Family and I thought this place wasn't too bad. Daughter loved their salads. Wife also enjoyed hers. Mine must not have been that great since I can not remember what I ate!!!! It has been ten days ago since we were there. But once again I am drawing an blank. The service was decent though!~salads. 
I couldn't have been more pleased with our choice to try out Chef's Palate on Saturday. The atmosphere was cozy, the service was excellent, but most importantly, the food was awesome!  Martinis ($9)- I had the white balsalmic and my fiance had something with acai berry. Wow, both were awesome! Unique, complex, and smooth.   Wines by the glass - Great selection (many under $9) and our waiter was kind enough to let us try a couple when we couldn't decide which one to get.   Airline Chicken with truffles ($21) - Chicken was prepared perfectly . I would have liked more truffle flavor overall, but for a chicken dish it was quite yummy.   Beef Wellington ($35) - This was the show stopper! I love beef wellington, but this was by far the best I've ever had. A nicely sized (8 oz?) absolutely flawless filet was perfectly wrapped in a delicate pastry. It rested on a bed of yummy mashed potatoes and was surrounded by two sauces - one mild demi glase type sauce, and one strong creamy blue cheese type sauce. The flavors were great, and the beef truly was one of the better steaks I've had in awhile (yes even compared to one I had last week at Strip Steak).   If you're looking for a very nice dinner but don't want to pay strip prices and deal with the hassles of parking, this place is a great one to try. This will definitely become a monthly indulgence for us!~white chicken chicken chicken beef beef cheese beef steaks steak) 
This restaurant has a limited number of tables, but we were immediately seated on this Saturday evening.  My wife ordered the Chilean sea bass with sweet pepper coulis, whipped potatoes and grilled romaine lettuce.  I countered with pistachio crusted halibut served with tobiko (flying fish) caviar, a beurre blanc sauce, black trumpet mushroom herb couscous and French beans.  Both dishes were beautifully plated, but my fish was overcooked and would have benefited from more sauce while my wife's  potatoes were likely from a package mix.~romaine lettuce. mushroom couscous 
We celebrated bf's bday here last Saturday.  Overall, the experience was pleasant, not outstanding or extraordinary.  My sister & her bf dined here the week prior and recommended the chicken marsala & ribeye, both of which we ordered.  First off, the place is pretty small, but well decorated and cozy.  I love the booths with the soft pillows.  We ordered the anti-julep martini, which is a sweet concoction of fruity perfection.  Our kind waiter, Eric, also gave us something he whipped up himself on the house.  It was called a Blue something and it was also very good.  The bread was served with whipped better & some balsamic & oil.  The bread tasted a little stale & wasn't very unique.  We had the crab cake appetizer which was quite yummy.  The sun dried tomato sauce was well paired with the bean salsa underneath the crabcake.  The crabcake itself wasn't  amazing, but it worked well with the sauce & salsa.  Next, I had my chicken marsala.  The chicken was perfectly cooked & wasn't dry at all for being breast meat.  The skin was slightly crispy as it should be.  However, the marsala sauce was a little thin.  I'm use to sauce being a little more...well saucy.  It had a good flavor though.  The side of mashed potatoes, broccoli, and carrots were bland.  My bf had the ribeye which was cooked to his liking.  He's a purist who thinks steaks should be lightly seasoned, in which case, it was.  He also had the bland mashed potatoes & some huge yummy asparagus with tomatoes.    A lady came around from table to table and identified herself as the owner.  She was very friendly but looked a little disheveled & tired.  I can appreciate the stress she has with owning a restaurant, but I thought her messy tank top was a little unprofessional.  Would I come here again?  Yes, I don't have any major complaints.  In fact, I would probably try the osso buco which the table behind us had.  It smelled really delicious.  Is this a place I'd have cravings for and would save for momentous occasions?  Probably not.  For that, I am loyal to Rosemary's Restaurant on Sahara.~chicken cake tomato salsa salsa. chicken chicken potatoes, broccoli, steaks potatoes & asparagus 
This new restaurant was an instant hit when my wife and I went to the soft launch.  I had the sea bass....it was thick perfectly cooked and accompanied by great sides.  She tried the salmon and was equally impressed.  We have been back twice, and the full menu is impressive.  Service is personal and friendly without smothering.  A wonderful place with an ambitious chef......~instant salmon 
We have been to Chef's Palate on several occasions. The first time was for dinner back in September 2009 and the food was wonderful. My boyfriend and I ordered the rib-eye steak and chicken marsala. We have since came back for breakfast about 2 or 3 times and the food had been great.   The one star rating that I gave was for our last two experiences at Chef's Palate:   (1) The last time we had dinner there about a month ago, we waited for over an hour for our food to arrive (this included the appetizer). The "jumbo" crabcake was delicious, but was definitely not jumbo and was rather small and not worth the $10. We ordered the chicken marsala again and the braised ribs. Although tender, the ribs had no flavor and the chicken tasted nothing like the first time we went. There was too much of a wine taste. After waiting for over an hour for our food and to have it come out tasting bland and aweful, we were completely disappointed.  We learned from the waiter that the main cook just quit on them and that was the reason for the wait. Apparently they were short staffed that night.   (2) So even though we had a bad experience with them, we decided to come back for breakfast this morning, Valentine's Day, because we never had a bad experience with the breakfast.....until today.  When we walked in around 10 AM, we noticed that there were about 5 or 6 tables with people. Not parties of 4 or more. One or two people here and there. Didn't seem too busy. The moment we set foot in the door (not even one minute) to wait for our table, the employee behind the bar shook his head made a gesture with his hand (slashing his throat) to indicate to us that they were not accepting any more people. He did not even speak to us. It was apparent to us that they were short staffed once again and could not handle the capacity of patrons they already had. However, we felt the gesture was very rude. He should have came over to politely explain the situation.   We felt our business was not wanted and so we decided to take our business to Omelet House where we have always had good service. We were once loyal customers of Chef's Palate and used to rave about it to many of our friends, but after this rude treatment, we will never come back.~steak chicken chicken chicken 
There are tons of better burrito places around but this place does fill you up As for taste it's decent. Very average food here. Sometimes they have deals which brings the price down to give you more bang for your buck.   Place usually is never busy so you get your food made pretty fast.~burrito 
I've had a few burritos from Mission Burrito and have never been disappointed.  The chicken burrito is my favourite.  They offer various spice levels, but even the hottest isn't that hot.  The burritos are prepared fairly quickly and the prices are very reasonable.  I have yet to figure out their hours so getting a burrito from Mission Burrito is a game of chance.  I'm very impressed with how the single employee handles the stress of a line-up.~burritos burrito chicken burrito 
I'm typing this as Im trying to eat this bean and cheese burrito. This is possibly the worst burrito I've ever had. It's completely tasteless. The only thing I taste is the sour sauce (is it supposed to be lime?!) theyve doused this burrito in. Are those banana peppers?? Why is rice mushy?!? Why doesn't it taste like anything!!!!  What a waste of money. Should have just got McD's next door.~cheese burrito. burrito lime? burrito banana 
This place once was great but not anymore.  Got chicken burrito that was dried out and tasted funny.  The guy who made my burrito was very stingy about toppings.~chicken burrito 
ok, so I have been several times...it was always just ok, but not terrible...today I got 2 chicken burritos to go and NEITHER one had ANY chicken inside...epic fail!...~chicken burritos 
It's been on my to try list for ages, and I finally made good on it! Perhaps it's because I've been waiting that it seemed a bit underwhelming but I found the burrito to be sub par.   The prices are on the high end considering the product being served is minimalist. I ordered their 5 dollar special spicy beam burrito and found that outside of the novel texture of a steamed burrito, it wasn't all that interesting for the taste buds      They don't even include vegetables in the burrito unless you pay extra and you can forget about guac!! Honestly I will only be a one time customer and can only use this visit as a been there done that visit.  Sorry Mission Burrito, but I am not going to be missioning down to the village for you.  They charge a fee for debit and credit for purchases under $10. ($0.25)~burrito burrito burrito, burrito burrito, 
The food is good, but they seriously gouge you with the toppings - you can't get extra anything (or anything on the side) without paying a premium for it. Compared to the new burrito place in the Eaton Centre (where the staff are very liberal with their toppings and have given me as many free sides of toppings as I want) this place is stingy (and about the same price).  Also, they need some better way to gauge how spicy you want your food. I love spicy food, but I've had varying levels of spice upon asking for "spicy" there (from medium/mild to so ridiculously spicy that it's hard to eat).~burrito 
Ordered a steak and chicken once - it was good but it fell apart.   Ordered a large steak another time - the steak was terrible, way too much fat, off flavour.~steak chicken steak steak 
I still drop by here for a sweet potato burrito almost everytime I'm in the area and can vouch that they've improved their hours since my last review.~sweet potato 
Mmmm Burritos.  I never knew how much I loved you until I moved back to Toronto to find this entire burrito culture.  Burrito is so the new pizza.  This place is really really tasty.  I can't remember which version of a vegetarian burrito I had but it was delicious.  One warning - to avoid food babies you should definitely opt for the smaller size.  The large is just unnecessary burrito-ness.  Very worth checking out - especially if you are visiting the AGO or OCAD.~burritos. burrito burrito pizza burrito burrito- 
Ordered a large chicken Turned out to be quite small compared to close rivals (chipotle, big fat burrito) +Pros +Guac comes built into the price. +the price maybe reasonable/competitive  depending on what you're comparing it  to  -Cons -the size I ordered a large it would be considered a small at rival burrito joint l -Protein portion was small - Carbs (rice and bean paste) to vegetables(lettuce salsa and corn)  ratio WAY OFF for my pallet (again comparing to other rivals) it was too salty and overly starchy tasting and because of the lack of vegetables there was no crunch factor that get get from biting into the fresh lettuce you get from the vegetable side.   Value paid: 6/10 Taste 3/10 Quality of ingredients 7.5/10 Luckily Hood to return: Definitely not Would recommend: No~chicken burrito) burrito salsa corn) lettuce 
I love the burritos at this place!!  They are loaded with great toppings and very flavourful. The hot sauce is HOT and delicious! I've had both the steak and chicken and both were top notch.  I think it's a bit overpriced however, For a regular size burrito its close to 8 dollars and its SMALL. Service has always been good for me, and very friendly and they actually pay attention to the toppings you've requested and declined.  Good spot for lunch!~burritos steak chicken burrito 
Tried the yummy sweet potato and black bean burrito last night and waited what should be an obligatory 24hrs before doing mexican fast food reviews. I'm happy to report that this is a damn good and tasty burrito by Toronto standards.  I'm only giving this place 3* instead of 4 because I take issue with their "after 7pm any burritos for $5" promotion. The regular size bean and sweet potato burrito is $4.85... what? Of the 3 vegetarian burrito options only the Grilled Vegetable burrito costs more than $5 and frankly when I want a burrito, I don't want it to contain the contents of every vegetarian sandwich ever so I'm never going to order that.  I asked if I could have the large size which is $5.85 (same price as the regular size meat burritos that are discounted after 7) for $5 but I was denied. I think they are trying to get rid of the day's old seafood and meat with this deal but I find it discriminatory.~sweet potato 
I heard lots of good things about this place but was disappointed. The tortilla reminded me of the microwave burritos from the supermarket. That just made it fail right there.   I won't even start with the contents. With a name like Mission, I was hoping for more. Taco Bell is twice as good, twice the size and half the price.  Note - this was in November 2008. I don't know if it's changed from then but I don't want to risk it and waste my time and money the next  time in Toronto.  http://www.flickr.com/photos/ifindoubt/3009086559/~burritos taco bell 
I don't like places that would charge you more if you need to use a credit card. if you need to get something for under $10 at Mission Burrito, you will have to pay an extra $0.25 if you use a credit card. (-1 star here)  my first time here, had my eyes on their combo, a burrito plus salsa with chips, and a Mexican soda for the price of burrito + $2.75. but when I order, the guy who take the order doesn't quite know what their combo offer is, after I repeat myself like 3 times, he end up charging me burrito + the special Mexican soda (for $2.0?). I hate to repeat myself when the word is a simple "combo"... (-1 star here)  the burrito itself was great, but I can't remember anything else about it... :P  Recently they have this Grilled Chicken Burrito special for $5.25, this time the girl who serves me does know better, she would ask me if I wanted to add sour cream / guacamole to the burrito for $0.50 more, and I did add guacamole as I like guacamole.  3 stars.~burrito, burrito salsa chips, burrito burrito burrito chicken burrito 
This place has been getting on my nerves recently, so I can no longer call myself "a fan." A list of recent gripes:  1. Waiting thirty (30) minutes for an order as the sole working employee plodded through a few orders. Mid afternoon is no time to be working solo. Half an order for fast food is INSANITY.  2. Getting a mere Odwalla here is a hassle. Two nested tales of woe:   a) On one visit I was bluntly told "no, we don't have any" in the tone you would address a six-year-old that is repeatedly asking for cookies. When I got to the other side of the counter to pick up my order, I saw a bunch in the other fridge. I didn't say anything, not wanting to prolong my customer service experience here.  b) The second time I was told they were out of Odwalla (today, albeit more politely), I *did* say something when I got to the other side of the counter and noticed a fridge full of bottles. (Unopened packages even. Like, I can't even believe that I am even talking about this right now. Anyway.) The response was not a friendly offer to ring one up for me, but a "nobody told me" coupled with a shrug. Dude, *I* told you. Can someone get me a flipping Odwalla? Please?  3. Soft tacos are not to be ordered.  I'm still liking the vegan plate which is a lot of food for $10 and comes with killer corn chips, but I'll send my butler to pick up instead.~cookies. tacos corn chips, 
Tasty stuff right here!  I had the large pork burrito with everything, except cilantro (because cilantro is from the devil's garden).  The flavors were well blended and the tortilla was packed full of meaty/ricey goodness.  My only complaint is that they were a little skimpy on the guac.    Their main entrance is via the food court but they do have street access into a small standing area.  They have lots of different options other than burritos and they have a $5 student special for those on a tight budget.~pork burrito cilantro ( cilantro burritos 
Rounded up from 3.5 / 5.  Another good burrito option for T.O.  I like that they went outside of the standard (local) box and steam the burrito instead of grilling it, which is nice to have for a change, and arguably (it seems it depends who you ask) more authentic, at least to the Mission district in San Fran.  It was a bit of a walk from the core for lunch, but it was worth it.  The size was good, and competes with the bigger burritos around.  Chicken was tasty, and the hot sauce was good and spicy.  The rest of the ingredients seemed fresh and well integrated.  Maybe a little bit bland compared to some others.  Overall it was a good experience, and I left happy.  My only real complaint was that (true to the style) the tortilla got a bit chewy and sticky toward the end, but it never got rubbery or stale.  That's no better or worse than getting an extra crispy bite of a grilled burrito in my opinion, so enjoy!~burrito burrito burritos chicken burrito 
OK, I think Mission finally found their groove. Enough rice to soak up the bean, pork-free black beans, standard guac, sour cream and extras.  I really felt like I was back in SF.  The tightly wrapped tortilla was perfectly steamy and transformed the shrimp burrito into a bundle of joy! The salsa is also bang on- just the right amount of heat! Thanks for keepin' it real Mission style.~pork- black beans, sour cream shrimp burrito salsa 
The burrito here was big and filling, but that is about all I can say about it.  I wouldn't say it tasted amazing, just that it filled my empty stomach. It was also way too gooey at the bottom. You know how you get to the end of your burrito and its just gross because all of the juices of the various ingredients have gathered into one spot? Well, it was like that, but flooding over the wrap and onto my hands like an overflowing toilet.~burrito burrito 
Great new burrito place in the OCAD/AGO neighbourhood. It's located in the food court on McCaul just south of Dundas and offers both meaty and veg options. The fillings choices are great (I had black bean and sweet potato) and I'm really happy that they now offer both bean fillings in vegetarian versions (the pinto bean filling used to be made with pork fat, but no longer).~burrito sweet potato 
I did love this place till I went today , and my bf went last week and he did like it either . It's gone down hill ! The burrito I had today was like eating pure salt ,, yuck !~burrito 
I tried this place for lunch. I wouldn't go back, and I wouldn't recommend it. I ordered the chicken burrito, and it was super disappointing. It was basically rice wrapped up in a tortilla. They packed it full with rice and they were very skimpy on everything else- especially the meat, cheese, and guacamole. They spread the gauc on super thin as if it was butter. When I asked for more, I was told it would be extra. It was definitely a sad burrito.~chicken burrito 
I had a chicken burrito from Mission Burrito today and I have to say that it was a definite thumbs-in-the-middle experience. The ingredients all seemed about as fresh as one would expect from a food court burrito stand but there was an overall lack of flavour. The colour of the rice suggested that it was seasoned but I couldn't discern any and a small but noticeable portion of the rice was hard and dried out. The chicken on the burrito was shredded, which is definitely better than ground, but when I have a burrito I much prefer the texture of whole pieces of chicken. I enjoy spicy, flavourful food but not hot-for-the-sake-of-hot. Since this was my first time ordering from Mission Burrito, I went with the medium heat. If I eat there again I'll go for hot as their medium was tame by my standards. I did like the fact that they don't charge extra for guacamole which is something every other burrito place in Toronto I've been to does. The portion size is also very adequate. I ordered a large burrito and a Jarrito's soda and it came to under $10 before the 25 cent Interac fee, which is another strike. It's 2010. People use Interac. Stop with the gouging. Overall, apart from the dried out rice which may be due to the fact that I ordered just after the lunch rush, there was nothing wrong with their food; I just found it a little bland.~chicken burrito 
Another yelper called this "fast food sushi" and that is the perfect way to describe it. It's not the best quality but is tasty and will fix a sushi craving. This would be my choice if I'm dying for sushi on days it isn't half off at tomo, shinto, or Sakura. But mostly my brother just bribes me to go here (free food) because he loves it and it's quick, so I never say no.   They have a lot of sushi rolls to pick from but I usually stick with the basic rolls, just my taste. One side is sushi and the other side is hot food, basic Chinese buffet dishes. It's not the greatest selection so I usually just get some teriyaki chicken then go right back to the sushi side.   Oh and I forgot to mention lunch is only $7.50.... Which is probably why the broski offers to treat.~sushi" sushi sushi sushi sushi chicken sushi 
I'm a weekly regular for lunch at this place.  It is without a doubt the best sushi value in Cleveland.Their dinners are good too but the lunch has the best bang for your buck.  Hard to go wrong with mackerel sushi on a lunch buffet.~sushi sushi 
Is there EVER a semi-trashy Chinese food place worthy of 5 stars? I mean, what are we comparing to here? If we are comparing apples to apples vs other little Chinese buffets, watami definitely takes the cake. One time-They had cheese puffs on the buffet. Why, yes, I think I might eat some sushi, tofu, crab Rangoon, and cheese puffs! (Seriously). The food is basically like any other place that's similar but they have a great sushi selection for a buffet! Especially for a vegetarian!! They have a few different kinda of vege sushi which is usually unheard of at a buffet! Watami, I salute you.~cake. cheese sushi, tofu, cheese sushi sushi 
Great sushi, fresh and delicious. Hot buffet is very good as well. Desserts suck, but I don't go to Japanese restaurants for their cheesecake. Lunch buffet is a deal!~sushi, 
I guess I had beginners luck with this place.  I took a group of 13 friends there and I left horribly ashamed that I'd done so.  My sushi wasn't as good this time around but what was worse was the desserts.  Two different desserts had mold growing on them!  The cheesecake and some other cream cheese dessert had mold on each of them.  We stuck to the ice cream.  Given my experience, I don't know that I'll be back again...~sushi cheese ice cream. 
Its a sushi buffet located in a strip mall in Parma. This review could stop there at that..   We decided to go so that we could sample a large array of sushi to see what we liked. Unfortunately it all tasted like it was freezer burnt or left out too long. The sushi with seafood was room temperature and i didn't feel like hugging a toilet for the next 12 hours so i stuck to the tempura and non-seafood sushi, which was ... ok.. kinda. The other side of the buffet was as overcooked, hard and chewy everything. The pot stickers and Shumei were hard and crusty and the (insert flavor here) chicken was chewy and splintery. A piece actually stabbed my tongue like when you insert a toothpick to hastily. The desert portion of the buffet is odd. Thats really the only way to explain it. They had the usual bananas and Jello, which i have never understood, but every Chinese buffet has them.    It was 8:30 on a Saturday night and the place was dead empty. This should have been clue number one. So yea, its cheap.. Its a Buffet... but its also seafood and fish at room temperature. I think its wonderful that we have some of the top hospitals in the nation right here in Cleveland.. But i am in no hurry to visit them. Don't be cheap when it comes to sushi. That is my lesson of the day.~sushi sushi sushi sushi, chicken sushi. 
Great place for the price. Don't expect to get real fancy sushi, most of it is imitation crabmeat, but thats what you get for $10 a head. The chicken teriyaki is mazing, so are their pot stickers. One thing that disappointed me was that I went to use the bathroom and noticed a broom closet door was open and there was a bed in there. Someone was living in there, I just hope it wash the nice lady/server. They have a gig screen tv and you can sit and watch the news during dinner if you choose.~sushi, chicken 
Wow, I don't even know where to start. Yesterday I had a craving for a little bit of this and a little bit of that. Since I was around my Mommy's house in parma I went picked her up and we went to Watami.    Lunch is like around $8 or $9 and may I remind you that this is a buffet in a strip mall of parma (.like "Angry B." said in previous review). I was pretty excited since I been there only once before and they were very busy so everything was fresh and very good. However! After yesterday I don't think I'll be planning to come back there for sushi ever again.      The buffet of teriyaki chicken and beef and other things very pretty good, but sushi was disappointing to me. They didn't have any sashimi and the rice was really really dry and kind of tasteless. I had to take a sip of my lemon water couple times to make it go down. The fish on the rice was paper thin and probably could of read reviews from yelp on my phone through it.~sushi chicken beef sushi lemon 
I really like Watami! Definitely the cleanest Japanese buffet I've been to. They offer the usual fare, I'm a sucker for some general Tso's. And then theres this huge sushi selection, which is money. Usually I wouldn't touch sushi at a buffet, but this stuff is good quality, and pretty inventive. The desserts aren't anything exciting, but i'll always end a meal with some green tea ice cream.~sushi sushi tea ice cream. 
It's not the best quality sushi, but you gotta face it, when you pay $15 for all you can eat sushi and sashimi, what do you expect?  They have a wide selection of rolls, and some standard type nigiri sushi (tuna, snapper, salmon, etc).  They had crawfish too on the night we went, crab legs, and raw oyster.  They also have a hot food bar, and hibachi, which I didn't really try except for some veggie tempura.  For dessert, a selection of cakes, ice cream, and fruit.  They don't have much sashimi, and when they run out, you have to ask for them to bring some more back out, otherwise they might not restock it for a long time.~sushi, sushi sushi ( tuna, salmon, ice cream, 
My friend treated me here for my early birthday celebration! ~~ They have a new item fried scallops, so chic! They did not have eel sushi this afternoon. We had a good time, I still prefer this place for budget and selection and taste! I will treat my friend soon!~sushi 
You can't beat a sushi buffet. I don't even pay attention to the more traditional side.  I've been there five times in the last two years after my mom took me there for my birthday. I'd be there more often but living 40 minutes away, I'll eat there any time I'm in the Parma area.~sushi 
I've gone back a few times over the past year since I first reviewed Watami. It's not so good anymore. I feel like the veggie sushi is rolled around where the fish was laying (or made with the same gloves that handled fish). It just tastes fishy. Probably not going back.~sushi 
Well first off, the address was wrong or GPS coordinates because the directions were way off. Secondly there was a good selection of sushi available, however I was afraid to touch it cuz it didn't look healthy. I feel that the Yelpers misled me this time. I walked in, looked at Buffett then left.~sushi 
I came here with one of my "closest roaddogz" last Friday. Damn Parmatown. In high school you was the man Parmatown! The *bleep* happened to you?!   I didn't know if I was in an episode of Scooby Doo in an abandoned amusement park or a strip mall. Poor old Watami was pretty empty. There was a ton of food sitting out buffet style. Since I hate the idea of waste, I decided to pile as much sushi as I possibly could on my plate. When I eat sushi, I try not to think about what I am doing. I was "under the influence" once eating at Pacific East and got a vivid image of a dead fish in my mind's eye. It bugged me out. When I was at Watami, I didn't get any imagery bouncing through my skull, I just felt like, yeah, this tastes like a dead, raw fish.~sushi sushi, 
I was a little skeptical when I heard "sushi buffet" but I was ever so pleasantly surprised!!! We went on a thursday evening, and I started with soup and salad. Very fresh and flavorful!! Next, I checked out the sushi rolls. Very inventive and delicious combinations!! The sushi chefs were whipping up fresh batches throughout our visit there, so I felt at ease knowing it was indeed fresh. I also had some of the hot buffet, and it wasn't bad!! Pretty typical spread- sweet and sour chicken, tempura shrimp, veggies, steamed bok choy, fried rice, lo mein, etc. I'm so happy my boyfriend turned me on to this place!! I wish I lived closer, I would definitely be a regular here!~sushi salad. sushi sushi chicken, shrimp, fried rice, 
As a self-proclaimed buffet connoisseur and Cleveland native, I can unhesitantly declare Watami the best buffet in the city. The venue itself is spotless, bright, and modernly decorated with some hints of traditional Japanese added throughout. Their sushi variety is vast and will satisfy many different palates. You have your pick from sashimi, nigiri, maki, temaki, and futomaki, to your more familiar Western options like California. Please note that the aforementioned is not a complete list, as they have plenty more. And like any other sushi buffet, some rolls will sit out if the place isn't busy, but honestly, I had no complaints about any of the rolls that I ate. The sushi chefs are very skilled and received some extra bonus points from me for putting out multiple rolls that were fried or had fried fillings--those are my absolute favorite!   The superb quality of the hot food station is often overlooked, in my opinion. This is probably due to people filling up their tummies with so much delicious sushi to the point of not having much room or appetite for anything else. I'm a big eater so it would be very laborious for me to review every single thing that I ate. Instead, I'll list for you (in no particular order) what I consider most memorable: 1.) a scoop of fried rice, cabbage, and chicken teriyaki (each served separately) 2.) grilled shrimp skewers 3.) crab rangoon 4.) honey chicken 5.) shrimp tempura 6.) general tso's chicken 7) fried donuts and 8.) sweet bean paste-filled dough balls rolled in sesame seeds. Take my word for it: the food, especially for costing only $12.99 (dinner), is unbelievable and you will surely be disappointed that you didn't have a second stomach to funnel more in to.  Now, after giving Watami my stamp of approval, you're probably wondering why I rated it 4/5 and not 5/5. It's sad to say that the manager/hostess/owner(?) made me and my friend feel just a tad uncomfortable. Every 10 minutes or so, she would walk up and down the aisle between the tables and conspicuously peak her head over us to examine our plates. I'm not sure if she was trying to keep tabs on how much we were eating (it's a buffet for God's sake) or which foods we didn't like or touch, but it was kind of unwelcoming and rude. I noticed that she was doing it to others, too, although it doesn't justify it, so we simply ignored it, had a great chat, and enjoyed our heavenly chow. Give this place a shot!~sushi sushi sushi sushi fried rice, cabbage, chicken shrimp honey chicken shrimp chicken 
I'm generally opposed to Asian buffets as a category, but after I was brought to Watami, I've returned on my own free will a few more times.  There are a lot of your standard Asian buffet offerings which you'll recognize and may find to be hit-or-miss, but the sushi is pretty good for a buffet.  When I've been there, the rolls are continually being freshly prepared, with a wide variety.~sushi 
I had the take out buffet the last two evenings.  A nice selection for $4.99/lb with free soda.  Its nice to be able to get the vast selection of a buffet and pay the price of a single take out item (about $7).  I haven't tried the sushi but it looks pretty good as well.~sushi 
A lot of restaurants in this style have sub-quality Sushi.  This is definitely not the case at Watami.  All the sushi is prepared right in front of your eyes and it seriously tastes just as good as Sushi Rock.  I don't know how they offer high quality sushi on a buffet with tons of other food on the buffet that you would find at a high end Chinese restaurant for such a good price.  I had to talk quite a few people into coming to this place because most people think just because it's in a Parma shopping plaza that it's just going to be like any other buffet.  All the people I've taken here leave with a "Wow" expression on how awesome this place is!  Definitely a hidden gem in Parma.  The lunch buffet is only $9!  To choose from over 15 types of sushi on a top of 20-30 other menu items on the buffet including green tea icecream this is one of the best things about Parma (and I know that doesn't say much, but this place is seriously good, hands down!"~sushi. sushi sushi sushi sushi tea 
This is a real Japanese buffet with sushi, but this restaurant does not get enough business.  I came here on a Saturday night, at 7:00 pm.  Not sure if people just have better things to do on a Saturday night, but I almost wanted to turn around and walk out the door.  In the whole restaurant, there was one other table of people.  More customers did not walk in the door until about 8.    Because of this, the food sits at the buffet, becoming cold and unappealing.  I actually spit out some of the food for that very reason.  We were there until 8:30 pm, and not once did they change out the frog legs.  I know, I was watching it.  Sushi did not taste fresh either.  In fact, some of it tasted frozen.    What a pity.~sushi, sushi 
Of the three sushi buffets in the Cleveland area that I'm aware of (Kumo, Watami, Yellowtail), this one has the best quality sushi. Granted, you're better off coming here on weekends or whenever it's busy so that the sushi stays fresh.  Also, they don't have as big of a sushi selection as the others, but the rolls they do offer are well made and taste good.  They even offer the spider roll (soft shell crab).  They have the best sashimi as well.  The hot food side is lacking in variety and is generally nothing to write home about, but the shrimp tempura and the veggie tempura here beats out the competition. The fried rice is better here too.  Used to frequent this place almost on a weekly basis, and the service is very friendly and helpful.  They treat returning customers very well too, sometimes with specially prepared dishes.  My mom can't eat seafood, so they prepare a special fish dish for her. One of the sushi chefs saw me grabbing a spider roll, he stops me and gives me a giant chunk of softshell crab.  Score.  I would normally rate this 3 stars, but they get more points for their excellent customer service.  Since Kumo opened, I haven't been back, but that's not to take anything away from Watami, which still holds its own.~sushi sushi. sushi sushi shrimp fried rice sushi 
I was scared of sushi after having a bad experience with it when I was younger, and I gave anyone dirty looks and wanted to hurl when they would tell me they liked it. So when my boyfriend suggested we try this place I was weary, to say the least. But I instantly fell in love with this place. They have a large variety of japanese salads, sushi, hot dishes, and desserts.   We probably frequent this place at least once a week. The sushi  makers know us by now and always make us fresh tuna avacado rolls and mexican rolls.   I'm not a big fan of the hot side, I occassionally have a little of the chicken and mushrooms. Some of the food looks like it's been sitting out for awhile, unless you're there for lunch. Then everything is always really fresh.   I've never tried any of the salads that they have, I feel like you have to be a hardcore Japanese lover to enjoy it. But I don't mind, I come for the sushi anyway.   If some of the sushi looks older, the guys behind the bar will gladly make you a fresh made-to-order roll, and they are super fast! I always come here for sushi when I'm running tight on money and have a craving. Dinner runs about $15 for the buffet. And the lunch buffet (which includes everything except watami rolls) is about $8. Not bad at all.   It's not the fanciest place on the planet, and they don't try to be. But this place converted me to becoming a sushi fanatic and I am a customer for life!~sushi salads, sushi, sushi tuna chicken mushrooms. salads sushi sushi sushi sushi 
This place has ruined sushi for me.  I'll see even good sushi at the grocery store for $10 but I'll think "I could go to Watami and eat myself sick on sushi for just a few bucks more".  Although inexpensive, I think that their sushi is top flight and can certainly hold it's own against higher end establishments.  I'll deduct one star though for what is a half hearted attempt to provide luke warm, non-sushi alternatives; but if you don't care about that then feel free to ignore that caveat.~sushi sushi sushi sushi sushi 
Its not the best quality or best selection of sushi you going to get. However, if you just want quantity this is the place. Prices reflect the quality. Hot foods are a mixed of chinese and japanese cuisines. I didn't find the hot food too appearing. I usually stick with the salad and sushi.~sushi salad sushi. 
This place is one of my favorites.  I had my first ever piece of sushi here- and now I'm hooked!  I love the buffet style because, let's be honest, when it comes to sushi a can eat A LOT.  So I always get my money's worth.  The sushi is always served at a good temperature, and while the seafood in it may be scarce- I like it that way.  The honey chicken is also good!  Avoid the potstickers.  I tried to like them the first few times- and I just can't.  There is also 1 sushi roll i don't like: the "rock 'n roll".  It tastes like bad fish to me.    I come to Watami weekly for late lunch since it's cheaper and it is no different than dinner.~sushi sushi sushi honey chicken sushi 
This place keeps getting better. Parma and sushi sounds like a recipe for a date with the porcelain god. But the sushi is quite good. They also have kimchi and seaweed salad. The salad dressing is the bomb. I don't really eat the cooked buffet foods except for the snow crab. I'm afraid to try the raw oysters but I have seen people eat them. The thing with sushi is that you're full but you dont get that engorged depressed buffet hangover. This place should be located on the east side. I'm pretty sure the students from Case would demolish this place. The drive to parma is stiff but worth it if you have time. The best buffet in Cleveland hands down.~sushi date sushi salad. salad sushi 
OK, maybe I'm one of "those people" the other reviewer referred to. I did live in LA for 11 years, but for the record,  I moved back because I love Cleveland and the food scene here is great.  But this place is not great sushi. At best it's fast food sushi. But like some others mentioned, some of the fish seems dry, like it's been sitting out for awhile. The Chinese food side is really solid Chinese takeout type stuff. It just seemed kind of carelessly put together. Like the egg drop soup had plastic wrap melted into it.  A big highlight was the green beans. Weird, I know, but they were great. And like any buffet it was fun to have a big variety to choose from. Also the server was very attentive. They have beer, and you can bring your own wine in.~sushi. sushi. egg green beans. 
This place is fantastic! It has what you would expect from a buffett, plus their sushi selections.  It's gorgeous, well-lit, and not tacky-looking.  The service has been good every visit (10+) and the people working there are super nice!~sushi 
Okay, so most people cringe when they hear the words: sushi, buffet, and parma in one sentence; but the purpose of THIS review is to dispel ideas one may have about Watami's quality.  The sushi at the bar is of good quality (better than sushi you'd get a grocery store, and better than many other buffets that serve sushi) -- you will not get sick from their fish.  I go there at least a couple times a month (for many yeara), and never once have I experienced food-related illness -- but pizza, or Double dragon buffet makes me barf really easily, to put that into perspective.  Sometimes, the hot food bar is mediocre (I usually skip it), and sometimes the fried items get dry -- such is the nature of a buffet, but the sushi is a-okay and never dry or weird.  Take your friends here and sample the many interesting foods available, such as seaweed salad, flying fish roe, green tea ice cream,  kimchi, and more!  It's pretty delicious!  Take out is also ridiculously CHEAP-- Me and my boyfriend can chow down til we're full for about $16 total at the takeout prices.  The staff is mostly friendly.~sushi, sushi sushi sushi) pizza sushi salad, tea ice cream, 
Went for carry-out sushi, yet again, at Watami.  It's above average sushi and I like it.  You can't beat the price.  You can get as much as you want and they simply weigh it.  It costs $7.00 for 15 pieces of sushi.  That's enough to fill me up and then some.  Forget the desserts and the 'other' buffet, I just want sushi.  The sushi is good and the variety is good.    By eating here, I'm not breaking the bank or my belt.  Love it!~sushi, sushi sushi. sushi. sushi 
Normally, I would say "RUN!" when you hear the words "sushi, buffet, and Parma" in the same sentence. Actually, I would normally say "RUN!" with either one of those words put together. However, my dad had read a decent review of this place in the Plain Dealer so he convinced me to give it a shot on my lunch break. I was very, very happy with our lunch. We have actually gone back a couple of times. It is worth the trip to Parma, and it is clean and the staff is friendly. Also, I normally find buffets depressing because I feel like I am just watching people gorge themselves to death, but I didn't get that vibe here at all.~sushi, 
Much of what has been written about Watami, could be about Watami... on any given day.  You can ALWAYS expect super service, whether it's crowded or not, and you generally will get what you pay for.  This is NOT high-scale sushi, but  you would be better off doing a weigh-out/take out from here versus Giant Eagle!  It's never crowded, but in Watami's defense, the restaurant is pretty large!  I believe I saw it "highly populated" once on a Friday night.  We frequent for take-out probably once a month.  Walked in at 11:30 on a weekday, everything was fresh. There is an obvious little "fish to rice ratio," but it's ok for a quick sushi craving fix.   Another plus; They offer a nice variety  of unique/non-fish sushi...  Try the peanut roll or sweet potato!~sushi, sushi sushi... sweet potato 
I went to pick up a friend and got caught in traffic due to president Obama being nearby for a speech. Found a strip mall with chipotle, a Chinese place, and this Japanese buffet. Yeah, it was just about empty at 8:30 on a Thursday night. The sushi looked kind of.. tired.. and the hot section's offering looked kind of mummified. Despite all that, I was able to find things that looked and tasted pretty good, and didn't feel like I got ripped off. Would I come back? Perhaps if it was busy, or I wanted to take a bunch of 13 year olds out for a birthday dinner. The place is nice and clean, and has all you can eat ice cream.~sushi ice cream. 
A matter of great interest to me is why some reviewers, whether local or visitors, believe they are worldly by insulting most things Cleveland. A bad restaurant is labeled as what more can be expected in this town. Any good restaurant the reviewer finds too good to be here. Now let me inform this group that insulting a place is far from sophisticated. We live here because we do not want to live where you come from and we prefer our own style of food.   A few writers in particular irk me so much that I go to places they insult as it is near a sure thing I will enjoy them. My friend called today to say she was meeting her sister at Watami for dinner and invited me to join.  I checked yelp and sure enough I found a bad review from one of those who slight things Cleveland. I drove thru heavy rains in peak traffic to get to Parma.  I found a brightly lit, very clean dining room. Fresh trays of everything were continually replacing those quickly depleted by young families with infants, middle aged couples, Asians, whites, blacks, and seniors. I am not a sushi fan but I filled my plate twice with sushi, beautiful salads, fresh shrimp and tempura. The servers were friendly and attentive. In a short time my small group was chatting with those at nearby tables. You know what? We had a typical Cleveland evening where no one was whining that we were not in LA or Houston or NYC.~sushi sushi, salads, shrimp 
I love sushi, but my husband doesn't... this was a great place to go because there were so many options. I pigged out on the sushi, while my husband ate the orange, general tso, egg rolls etc.   They have great green tea ice cream for a sweet ending to the meal :)~sushi, sushi, egg tea ice cream 
This place is wonderful, ate there two days in a row and will definitely go back.  Over forty different kinds of sushi and sashimi.  14.99 for the dinner buffet and 8.99 for lunch.  They also have regular Japanese food for those that don't like sushi.  Awesome place.~sushi sushi. 
Ive been going to Watami pretty regularly for years, and it is consistently good. There is a big variety of food, and the atmosphere, while simple and casual, is warm and friendly.    There are always many varieties of fresh maki rolls and sashimi, as well as lots of cold dishes and salads (kimchi, edamame, tofu, seaweed salad) and hot food (tempura vegetables, fried rice, miso soup, hibachi, etc.).  It is very vegetarian-friendly, with at least five different fishless sushi rolls and meatless hot food.    They recently dropped their dinner price to $11.99, and got rid of the crab legs, which I thought was a smart move, to compete with the nearby Kumo Buffet, which is "fancier" but is not as vegetarian-friendly, and more seafood-centric (good or bad, depending on who you ask).~salads ( edamame, tofu, salad) fried rice, miso sushi 
While Kumo down the road may have a broader selection of asian food, Watami provides a smaller, more focused buffet with select higher-quality offerings, particularly sushi.  A decent selection of nigiri and rolls, as well as hot entrees, are available (take-out also available on a per-pound basis).  Have been for lunch several times and the buffet is consistently rotated during the lunch rush.  Lunch pricing of $8.49 is very reasonable for the quality of food.~sushi. 
Yelp lead us to this awesome sushi buffet!  When you think of strip mall sushi... you are bound to also think of an assortment of horrible complications from eating it.  But alas - Watami to the rescue!  The wide variety of sushi and assortment of Chinese dishes is truly remarkable for the price.  I have been here countless times, but only for lunch... and one thing we learned - the food is better if you go close to opening.    I'd skip the dessert bar... it's all mediocre.  And you probably don't want to use the restroom (it's a little gross).    However... we did notice the family who owns and runs the restaurant actually serving themselves from the buffet and sitting down to eat.  This made us feel much more comfortable about Watami!  If you keep your expectations reasonable - you will be happy.  This will never be "the best thing" you've ever eaten... but it can definitely be a pleasant and satisfying experience!~sushi sushi... sushi 
Average quality buffet sushi.  Note that this is in comparison to buffet sushi, not sushi in general.  There's a large variety here.  You can get sashimi, rolls, or nigiri.  The quality of the ingredients is so-so.    The restaurant is large and the tables are set up so that it is easy to accommodate large groups.  Of all the things here, I would say that the teriyaki dishes are the best.  There are huge trays of both chicken teriyaki and beef teriyaki.  Served with vegetables, it's pretty much what you would get at a Japanese fast food restaurant in a mall food court - but all you can eat.  The other hot foods (typical fried food in a Asian buffet) are decent.  For the price (~$12 for dinner), the value is so-so.~sushi. sushi, sushi chicken beef 
Not vegetarian friendly, the waitstaff lies, or the wait staff have no idea what ingredients they are serving. You take your pick, most likely all three are true.   I asked our waiter a simple question, "Most miso soup is made with fish broth, do you know if your is?" He responded no and listed the ingredients. He reassured me it was vegetarian. As soon as my soup arrived and I tasted it I could tell it contained fish broth. The waiter was apologetic and I ordered another side dish.  As we were leaving we spoke to the manager who claimed he came by our table and spoke to us during dinner. He had not. I left feeling like place was full of a bunch of liars. It would have been catastrophic if I had a fish allergy instead of being a 20 year veteran of vegetarianism.  Too bad I will not be returning, the restaurant has a great view.~miso fish broth, fish broth. 
So, my wife and I decided to visit this location on a Tuesday night as it has been over a year since our last visit.  From the looks of the place on our arrival it was absolutely DEAD.  I am talking only one table with two customers.  The server / hosts took approx 3 minutes to come from the back of the house, to seat us.  I was unsure that this would be a good experience, but we were seated, and our server (hostess) was very friendly and accommodating.  I had the Rib / BBQ Combo plate w/ beans and fries (as pictured) with water, and my wife had the Chicken Salad.  The beans were hot had lots of flavor. The fries were fresh, and the BBQ was "just ok".  I am a BBQ fanatic and this is just the run of the mill chain BBQ.  Nothing special here, but I do like their sauces.  Maybe it's because of the sauces in the local grocery stores that keeps this place alive, but I can assure you.......if you do not want to fight the crowds, try Tuesday nights.   NCFoodGuy~fries ( chicken salad. fries 
A high three-star rating, could grow into a four.  Tried Sticky Fingers in Greensville, SC and now here in Charlotte.  Both times with grandchildren, so can say that it is kid friendly and there is a decent child's menu.  They have about five BBQ sauces to try, which is nice once because you serve yourself and two because you can sample.  A lunch buffet is there which has basically chicken and BBQ pork along with some veggies and starches.  Not very appealing unless you want chicken or pork.  Good menu and endless iced tea.  Servers are on top of things and prices are reasonable.  There is also a full bar.  Did like the brisket potato and there is BEEF BRISKET, a rarity in the pork dominant south.  And it is very good.  Clean place and can accommodate lots of people.~chicken bbq pork 
Ribs are special. Dry or wet. And the smoked and BBQ chicken is great. All the sides are good and the selection of sauces is great. Try the corn muffins. Bet you can't eat just one. Would be a great dessert but it comes with the meal platters. Worth ordering an extra meal to take home. Very friendly staff. Large facility so usually get seated quickly.~bbq chicken 
I should have known better than to order anything but BBQ ribs at this place...in fact when I told my server how poor my item was she said...'well we're really known for our ribs'... like it was OK to serve other items prepared poorly!. She should have told me before I ordered a smoked turkey sandwich! The sandwich bread was like goo (I asked for it to be toasted), the lettuce tasted like it came from a bag of week old shredded taco lettuce and the smoked turkey was a bunch of burnt ends!  Burnt turkey ends!!!  What ever happened to good old fashioned slices? The meat was like jerky!!! What a lousy sandwich...I'll never go back!!!!  Thank goodness there was some decent potato salad or I would have given them 0 stars.~sandwich! sandwich lettuce taco lettuce sandwich... potato salad 
The place was empty and I know why.  I got a pulled BBQ sand which and some dry ribs.  The bun was died out.  I think it was stale and they toasted it.  The pork was dry too.  Under a heat lamp too long?  The ribs were good.  One thing that upset me was that 1 person did not get their food until 6-7 minutes after the rest of the table.  No free dessert of comp.  I thought this restaurant used to be good in a southern kind of way.  They lost something.  No longer are the plates that make your mouth water.  It is replaced with it's ok or I thought they were better.  I would not be surprised if this went out of business.~pork 
After ordering our food, we were told it would be out shortly. After 15 minutes we were told the kitchen was backed up and would be out soon. 40 minutes after ordering our food finally showed up. It looked like they just slapped some things on the plate to get it out of the kitchen. Two orders could not be eaten, another was supposed to have brisket but had pulled pork instead. Going to the men's restroom was like walking on an ice rink, and leaving the men's restroom, women were asking the men if they could get them some paper towels. To the manager's credit she did proactively take off the meals that had the poor quality brisket. Overall an awful experience, horrendous wait time for food, poor quality food, and dirty restrooms.~pork 
Sticky Fingers never fails for me.  I'm in love with the dry rub seasoning for the ribs and the seasoned fries are addictive.  Their customer service is great and the one time we had a problem (they burned my friend's corn and they forget to bring my to-go order of stew), the manager came right over, never hesitated and made it right.~fries corn 
Wow, this is just bad food, even for a chain. Went there for lunch because a client wanted to try it, and the only good thing was he paid for it because he felt bad for suggesting it.   The ribs were dry and stringy, and the pulled pork was not much better. The service was on par with the food - you'd think that once a restaurant managed to get you to try their place, they would at least make a reasonable effort to give you decent service, and lose the surly attitude.~pork 
The smell of BBQ radiated throughout the parking lot. I couldn't wait to get inside.  I ordered the famous Rib and Wing (Capital O.M.G).  The server (Tricia) was extremely helpful and told us all about there homemade and smoking process.  One thing that we found out,  was that smoking meat for long periods of time can turn the meat a slight pinkish color. COOL!  As my side I had creamy mac and cheese and collards. The collards were amazing, I couldv'e sworn my granny made them.   I am not from the South and good BBQ food is hard to find in the Northeast.  I had been to Charlotte multiple times and my Aunt had brought me to Sticky Fingers (since I always make it a point to eat BBQ when in Charlotte). Best BBQ yet, next time your in the Queen City make sure you get Sticky!~mac and cheese 
Located across the street from the hotel we were staying at...we decided to stop in. Was late, so the place was pretty much empty except for maybe two other tables. The employees were pleasant and quick...explained their different rib sauces. The ribs we had were good as was the rest of the meal. You should try the fried corn on the cob...it was awesome. :)~corn 
We just are in love with the smoked wings here as well as the chicken salads. The bread pudding is a fav as well.~chicken salads. 
Killn some time til my massage. Lets see how their Brunswick Stew is!  O.K.  The brunswick stew was very good!  Meaty, with pork and chicken, thick and rich with a little sweetness to it.  Not many potatoes which is perfect for me.  It also came with a delicious bit of corncake.  I call it corncake instead of bread, because it's the sweet version.  I got the small portion, which for me, that night, was all I wanted.  For anyone else asking for a small portion it's probably going to look like you ordered from the kid's menu.  Very small, for very small appetites. Not usually my choice, but as said good for that night.    It was $3.99 though and I thought $2.99 would be closer to fair.  I sat at the bar and Jewel helped me out.  She was very nice and friendly and I appreciated her helpfulness.  They also had a guy with a guitar playing that night and he was nice to listen to while I ate.  I'd go back & try some other things if I'm in the area.~pork chicken, corncake. corncake 
ok...we were visiting the rents and we wanted (i did) barbecue.... they suggested sticky fingers because it was just around the corner from their house... we had never heard of sticky fingers before (we live in florida) so we said why not... we got there and read a little about them...Memphis barbecue chain in Charlotte...hmmmm i think....  so wanting to try a few things...they have several new items according to the menu.... i tried a sampler platter... slab of ribs,new smoked turkey and new smoked sausage..  first --the turkey  this i liked alot...nice and juicy slab of turkey with a very good taste i would get this again..  second the sausage... also very good ..  now the ribs -- i tried memphis dry rub ... and they were very dry...the slab i had looked like it had been cut hours ago and stuck under a heat lamp..the two ends were very dry.. but once i got into the middle section the flavor was very good  and they give u a selection of sauces at the table from the standard carolina mustard sauce to a very hot habanero sauce.. i used the memphis sweet sauce on the ribs and it was good...  as far as sides we tried  mac and cheese..very creamy and did remind me of my grandmothers mac and cheese..good but not spectatcular green beans ..standard green beans ..i liked them and we tried the new fried corn on the cob .its new to the menu and they are working on it according to our waitress.. it had a good flavor with a rub on it before it was deep fried. but could use a butter sauce after imo.. so all in all if u are in the ballantyne area..and want memphis barbecue i would try them out... and when we do visit charlotte again..we will too~sausage.. sausage... habanero mac and cheese 
The first thing I usually do when I fly to Charlotte from the west coast is stop by and get some ribs. Their habanero sauce is to die for, kinda on the hotter side - but the flavor packs a punch.   And since you're here for the ribs, don't forget their BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Their potato salad complements pretty much everything on the menu, as does the slaw and greens.   In short - get extra sauce.~habanero pork sandwich. potato salad 
LOVE!!! This place!  Every time I go its great service and great food and the prices are very reasonable too!   Today I tried the newest addition to their lunch menu the Turkey Burger! It comes with lettuce, tomato, onions, mozzarella cheese. With your choice of side and a drink for only $7.99 I think this is an awesome deal!   The turkey burger was hot and juicy cooked to perfection and the cheese melted on top! So good, of course to kick it up a notch I added the spicy habanero barbecue sauce! Great flavors and just the right about if kick!  For my side I opted for the fried corn...trust me you will love it! It's amazing crispy and juicy at the same time! Yummy!   I always have a great time here and it's great food! What could be better?!?!!?~burger! lettuce, tomato, mozzarella cheese. burger cheese habanero corn... 
I have been here a couple of times because everyone at my office LOVES this place... but on both visits (lunchtime during the weekday) we had slow service and wait-staff were not very attentive or helpful.   I gave them only 2 stars because the service was not up to par on either occasion and the food seems to be really hit or miss.   Since I don't partake in pork,  I had chicken on both visits.  The first time, I wanted something relatively healthy, so I chose the summertime grilled chicken salad.  it included grilled chicken served on mixed greens with bleu cheese crumbles, apple slices, celery, raisins, mandarin oranges, red onions, sugared almonds w/Sweet Vidalia Onion salad dressing (on the side).  Normally, I love this  sort of salad, but this one had an odd taste - couldn't quite put my finger on it, but the flavors just did not mesh well.  I would not recommend this salad to anyone.   On my second visit, I decided to steer clear of the salads, and this time I selected a grilled chicken breast prepared with Memphis Original Barbecue Sauce (comes w/lettuce & tomato on a toasted bun).  This was served with a side of fries.  It was a much better choice than the salad, but still nothing to write home about.  I would say it was just average.   There are definitely a lot better restaurants in Charlotte and the Ballantyne area!~pork, chicken chicken salad. chicken greens cheese apple slices, celery, oranges, onion salad salad, salad salads, chicken tomato fries. salad, 
I rarely have bad experiences at restaurants, but this one was very disappointing.  Food:  The ribs were tough and undercooked.  Had they been cooked properly, they wouldn't have been so fatty and stringy.  It's hard to describe just what I mean about the fat, because you do expect it to be there with ribs.  But when cooked properly it has a much different texture, and with these ribs, it wasn't right at all.  I also ordered green beans, and these were obviously just nuked from a can, no flavor at all. My mashed potatoes were barely warm and I found something that I'm praying was a skin in them, but it was rather disturbing.  Service:  Our waitress was barely even our waitress.  She never smiled at us once, but then she only came by our table to take our order and bring our check.  We were not offered drink refills and we had to ask the manager for bread that normally comes when you sit down.  (Not that I care for it, it's like cupcakes made with cornmeal, but the hubs likes it.)  Overall Atmosphere:  The majority of the staff seemed surly, like maybe something was going on behind the scenes.  There was no warmth to this place at all, nothing felt friendly.It also didn't seem clean.  Our table was tacky and just looking around I could see dirty sauce bottles on other tables, and tables that were supposedly waiting for customers but looked like they hadn't been cleaned well.  I have dined at a different location of this chain multiple times and always been very satisfied with my food and service.  The Pineville location, however, is a huge disappointment.  I may still give the other location another try, but if overall quality is lacking, I'll be done forever.~green beans, cupcakes 
Went about 3:00 knowing it wasn't lunch or dinner. That waitress never told us her name but started with "what do you want to drink?" Cornbread was great, warm and fresh. My friend got hush puppies and they were raw in the middle. The pork was dry. Finally at the end I got the to go boxes myself and had to walk to the bar to get her for bills. She had two other tables when we got there and they were gone shortly after.   I did get some sauces to go and they were reasonably priced.   Won't be back.~pork 
Good service, reasonable prices, but I concur with everyone else.  Not the place for good bbq.  I didn't go here by choice but went with a group of folks.   Brisket was dried out with no smoke ring, wings, while a good flavor, came out of the oven, pulled pork, the same.   Don't go here for BBQ.  Go here for reasonable prices and OK food.~pork, 
As a Yankee I just had to have some BBQ before leaving the Queen City. There are not many good BBQ joints in my neck of the woods.   This place came recommended by family members living in the area, open on a Sunday night and offered takeout.  With 4 adults and 2 kids we looked at their menu online.  We decided to get 1 lb of pulled chicken, 1 lb of pulled pork and an order of beef brisket. Our family member then requested two of each different sauces:  habenero, Memphis style, original and of course Carolina style.  The order came with 4 buns with each 1 lb order.    All the family members left the table quite satisfied. Highly recommend Sticky Fingers for BBQ if your in the area and that is coming from a Yankee with family in the area. :)~chicken, pork beef brisket. 
Food was mediocre. Service was terrible. The place wasn't crowded, but the staff was running around like they were racing, still had to wait a long time for food to come out. Three of us at the table and sever brought (more like whipped) a plate of only two corn muffins on the table. We were going to ask for a third, but he never came back. I won't not go back either.~corn 
Came here for a work lunch on a Tuesday.  Six of in all, with four us early and two a bit later.  I had to get back for a 13:00 meeting and told the waiter as much, but still didn't get out on time because they were struggling with the bill - funny, as there were only about a dozen people in the whole restaurant!  Smoked sausage sandwich was OK; nothing spectacular but OK.  We did get the fried pickles as an appetizer and enjoyed them.  OK for a work lunch, with reasonable prices, but waitstaff really disappoints.~sausage sandwich fried pickles 
Did order out rack of ribs and a BBQ pork sandwich for 30 dollars.  Ribs were fine but the sandwich was not put together in separate containers which would have been ok but there was not enough meat for even half a sandwich, the bun was stale and it came with onion rings which were cold and could not be eaten.  Take my advice and stay as far away from this place.  Being from Memphis I can be a little snobbish but this was junk.~bbq pork 
Food is terrible! Between the pulled pork, ribs and meatloaf, all were dry, overcooked and tasteless. They all seemed to taste like they were yesterday's leftovers and left in a warming oven. I had a baked potato which was undercooked like they threw it into the microwave for a few minutes. It was crunchy like celery and tasteless.   I've never been to a place that they called a BBQ restaurant and had such poor quality where the wait staff tries to recommend what to avoid. There are a lot better restaurants in Ballantyne and surrounding areas. Don't waste your money on this one.~pork, baked potato 
Great hospitality, I went last week with my touring college prep program. The food was great I ate a bacon cheese burger with collard greens and seasoned grilled corn.~bacon cheese burger 
I've heard people rave about Sticky Fingers and say that of the BBQ chains, it's probably one of the best.  I'll give them that but there's still nothing better than a mom and pop BBQ place.   That's one of the things I love about the south is the 'cue.  But I'm always looking to try new places to eat for lunch with my coworkers as well and this is where we ended up today.  The staff is very friendly here.  But the food too me was just average.  I had a barbecue platter with pulled pork and pulled chicken.  I found the chicken to be dry and I had to smother it with sauce to moisten it up.  There are 5 sauces to choose from:  Sweet Carolina, Carolina Classic (mustard based), Tennessee Whiskey, Memphis style, and Hot Habanero.  I love spicy food so I went for the Habanero first.  It wasn't what i would consider hot.  It was a little spicy, not hot.   The Memphis style was bland.  the Sweet Carolina was too sweet, the Carolina Classic was ok but the Tennessee Whiskey sauce is the one that stood out to me.  Anyway, their food wasn't bad but there was nothing about it to make it stand out. If you want barbecue in Charlotte, there are definitely better places.~pork chicken. chicken habanero. habanero 
I'd say a 3 1/2, almost a 4. The prices were decent for the amount of food given. I ordered the pulled pork platter- it was pretty tasty but could use some sauce or flavoring. My boyfriend got the ribs which were super moist and fell right off the bone.  I tried all of the BBQ sauces on the table and was not impressed at all. They all had a strange, plasticky taste to them. Overall I'd go again. Decent meal for a decent price and very close to home.~pork 
Brutal waitress, overlooked ribs, the pulled pork was not savory. Decent sauces.~pork 
I have been excited to go to this restaurant for awhile, and finally I got my wife (not a fan of BBQ) to give it a go. The experience started out great... the manager Danny seated us, commented on how he had recently won a competition for best ribs and even gestured to the award on the wall. When it came time to eat, this is where the meal went downhill. My wife's meal was wrong and she had to send it back (she ordered nachos with chicken) but at first glance my full rack of ribs was fine. As I started eating, my wife asked "Are ribs supposed to be that pink?" The meat was a little pink, but i figured they just wanted them to be tender. However, as i progressed however the rack was less and less cooked, going from pink to red. I looked over at my wife's plate and she was literally picking out the PINK portions of chicken. We asked to speak to the manager and he never came back to the table. Long story short, if you like your chicken rare, and your ribs even more so, then sticky fingers in Ballantyne is for you. If you prefer to not roll the dice on a night hugging the porcelain... then stay away.~chicken) chicken. chicken 
Is it because it's Monday or has this previously good BBQ joint gone bad due to management?  2 of us came in for lunch. Place was about 80% empty. Ordered a chicken salad and pulled pork sandwich. Both were dry. Also ordered iced tea which was fine except they frown on letting you take a cup to go now without an additional charge.  We let server know our meat was dry. No manager visit or offer to fix the problem. Slaw was moist and tasty though.  UPDATE: No surprise, this location closed about 18 months ago.  It was replaced by Midwood Smokehouse which has some of the best beef brisket in Charlotte.~chicken salad pork sandwich. tea beef brisket 
For a chain type place the ribs are unbelievable!!!! My advice is to order them with just a dry rub and then use which ever sauce u like best (habanero is real good if you like spicy stuff) as a dipping sauce.~habanero 
My gf and I came in at about 8pm on a Friday night expecting a wait. As we were seated we wondered why it was so dead and soon realized! The wait staff was great but the food was barely above buffet quality. I had the rib sampler and was only able to eat it after I drenched in one of there "spicy" habenero sauces. The Mac n cheese was on par with kfc. I would not recommend this place and will definitely be going to Jim n Nicks next time where I know the food is great.~cheese 
I knew Sticky Fingers was a chain (and I ordinarily avoid chain restaurants like the plague), but with a 12-person decision not getting anywhere for dinner the night before Thanksgiving, we all agreed a chain BBQ joint was probably the best bet to get us all in and have something for everyone. We piled in three cars and headed out.  We were promptly seated in the inviting atmosphere (which wasn't loud at 8 p.m.). PBR on the menu was a win for me. Service was just so-so (I think our waitress was ready for the holidays), but the food was pretty great! I enjoyed tasting the different BBQ sauces before my meal arrived and while we chowed down on a couple of so-so appetizers. I had the Tennessee Wet ribs and they were delicious - I loved 'em.  All in all, while the service left something to be desired, Sticky Fingers accommodated us very well and served up food that left everyone happy and full. And not fighting about who would pick the next meal!~appetizers. 
Wow... we must have really caught them on a bad day...  Went there the other night with 7 people. 15 minute wait, not too bad and time for a quick cold one.  Got seated and knew right away that we got the "new guy" as our waiter... young kid, couldn't manage his way out of a paper bag... had to ask everyone three times to confirm the order.  I ordered the combo with ribs and chicken. The ribs were cold and the chicken dry - definetly not what I expected from Sticky Fingers.   We've been to another location in Charleston and had a good experience... oh well, probably not going to be back here, too many good alternatives in the Ballantyne area.~chicken. chicken 
Solid BBQ ribs chain.  Good variety of sauces.  Wife enjoyed the smoked turkey salad.  Really good ribs.  Solid option for sit down chain style food.~salad. 
Based on the other reviews, I must have gone on the worst possible day.   I was staying in a hotel accross the street, craving BBQ, and the reviews were favorable, so I thought I'd give it a try. Not the worst barbeque I've ever had...but close.  I ordered the sampler platter, and afterward, I felt like I had thrown my money away.  The ribs must have been from the day before...they were more like jerky than meat.  I could barley eat 3 of them.  The chicken was dry, pulled pork was ok, but it was cold.  The sauces were tasty, I just wished I had some decent meat to put it on.  I only finished the mac and cheese and the collard greens, which were ok.    I probably should have sent it back, but I didn't see how it could be fixed, so I  just cut my losses and got out of there.~barley chicken pork mac and cheese 
I brought two friends with me to this Sticky Fingers: one who's from Georgia and is accustomed to eating Southern BBQ and the other from Northern Michigan where there's not much BBQ available. I've been to several hundred BBQ places in the Midwest and South. My friend from Georgia and I felt Sticky Fingers is average chain BBQ, just like Famous Daves. The guys from Michigan raved about it and bought all their sauces to bring home.   This story is a great barometer for Sticky Fingers. If you're used to eating a decent Southern BBQ spots, the food won't excite you. It'll be like eating Italian at Olive Garden or a burger at Chilis. Meanwhile, if you're from a part of the country where BBQ isn't a mainstay, Sticky Fingers will likely become your favorite spot to hit next time you're in town.   Either way, this Sticky Fingers does a good job at providing solid service in a relaxed, friendly and clean atmosphere that's good for families and friends. The food is average, but nothing on the menu is bad. And, fortunately, there's many platter options which aid in allowing you to try multiple meats and sides. The pulled pork, pulled chicken, brisket and other meats have flavor, but are normally dry. Fortunately, there's plenty of different sauces on the table to try and lather them up a bit. The sides are also average. Most don't taste homemade, but I doubt many people notice this.   Regardless, Sticky Fingers is a successful regional chain that will fill your belly without taking too much money out of your pocket. You'll likely enjoy your time here and if you're from outside The South, a 5-star rating might be possible. If you're from The South expect average and you'll enjoy every bite.~olive burger pork, chicken, 
My favorite restaurant in Charlotte!    People recommended Mac's Speed Shop for good Carolina BBQ, but they were either A. complete idiots or B. don't know what good bbq is.  When I got out of the car, I could smell the smokey goodness coming from the restaurant.  I had a combo platter of ribs and wings.  The ribs were absolutely perfect, smothered in their sweet carolina sauce and meat falling off the bone.   I ordered the wings with no sauce because all of their tasty sauces were on the table and I wanted to try all of them.  The Tenenssee Whiskey sauce was my favorite, but the Habanero and Memphis bbq sauces were amazing too!  They had a large selections of sides, which made it tough to pick two, but I went with a baked potato and baked beans.  Both were excellent.    To sum it up, the food and the waitstaff were PHENOMENAL and I'd recommend everyone go check it out for themselves!~habanero baked potato 
I passed this place a few times and we finally decided to try it.   Cheese fries with jalapenos...is there something against using fresh jalapenos on food in the south??? They use jarred jalapenos so they were that nasty green color, and if it tasted like anything it was watery vinegar. Bleh.  We also ordered wings and ribs. First of all I love baby back ribs of all kinds of ribs. Sticky Fingers uses the St Louis style ribs which I am not a fan of but actually didn't mind it here as they were actually made very well here.   We used the "favorite" Carolina sweet for our sauce. Not bad but nothing to write home about. The chicken wings were okay but my husband said he really enjoyed them. I guess I prefer them a little crispier and not rubbery.  The sauce we ordered for the wings was the habanero hot.  These wings were not habanero hot at all, if using a scale of peppers it was more like black pepper on wings. I was disappointed about that.  Overall the service was good, the food is okay for a chain, and I wish they used fresh jalapenos and actually the right heat for the wings they're describing.~cheese fries chicken habanero habanero 
Al's is Awesome! If you have an Ice Cream craving... visit Al's!!!  PROS:   Convenient Location Great Prices Generous Portioins Al is always present and in his Hawaiian Shirt!    :)  CONS: Parking is tight when its busy Not open late enough, I think they close @ 9 or 10 (even on the weekends--I'll find out an update @ some point) Buggy @ night (not Al's fault, though)   ;)                They also take special requests, so just be nice about asking!  :)   TIP:  There's a "Frequent Al's Card", just ask for it. If you get so many punches, you get a free cone.~ice cream 
Biggest cone you can get for a good price. Great value and friendly workers. My kids and I can't wait for it to open every year. Love this ice cream.~ice cream. 
I heard about this ice cream place from someone who lives in the Jefferson Hills area. They recommended the ice cream sandwich made with homemade cookies. I was going to be in the area so we decided to stop by.  It's a little blue building that has different pictures of ice cream painted on it. It is a walk up establishment. On the side there are several picnic tables with umbrellas.  I ordered the peanut butter cookie sandwich. The cookies are thin but they pack a lot of flavor. You can smell the peanut butter when you start unwrapping the sandwich cookie. Somehow the copies are soft but yet a little crisp because they have been frozen. There is vanilla soft serve between the cookies. It is a large ice cream treat. I'm going to have to do some extra time on the treadmill. I will be going back to try the chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwich. Every day is a good day for ice cream!~ice cream ice cream sandwich 
Al's is the best!  They are located above 885 Park, off Rt.51 South.  Definitely worth stopping by if you're local, or making a special trip if you're in the area! I highly recommend the "tornado", a mixture of soft serve and whatever candy bits, chocolate, sprinkles, or cookie pieces your heart desires! If you ask nicely, they'll blend up a custom creation just for you.  They also offer tornados in a "mini" size, not on the menu but it's half the size of a small and costs $2.50.  It is also worth noting that they serve "dole whip" a non-dairy ice cream alternative for those with lactose sensitivities.    Sometimes their closing time is inconsistent and depends largely on the weather...my suggestion is to give them a call or check their Facebook page before making a night-time trip.  The owner and workers are super friendly, accommodating, and ready to serve you some tasty frozen treats!~ice cream 
After a day of berry picking at Triple B, my friend told us about this great ice cream stop in the middle of nowhere that happened to (sort of) be on our way back to Pittsburgh.  The rest of us in the car didn't really know what to expect when we pulled up to Al's, but we were certainly amazed when we asked how large a small cone was and the guy indicated a good 6" of ice cream above the cone.  We ended up with jr sizes and still had trouble finishing them.  Such a fun treat!~ice cream ice cream 
It's a total hit and miss of stuff and things...   There seem to be a few stalls that are there all the time.. but for the most part, it's just a random ad hoc bunch of people and 'STUFF'....  You either need to go with a clear idea of what you want.. or with a completely open mind and the time to browse and sort through a lot of rubbish to potentially find a gem...  Though the stalls seem to have gotten much more random since I was last there over a year ago...   and there seemed to be some 'cat-call bartering' which I'd not experienced at the boot sale before... reminded me of Thai or Middle Eastern street markets...~thai 
*Food OK la! *Service here OK! *Cold HK milk tea here, very bad! *Price not too high but I can get more better at other HK style restaurant! *Don't request a take out box, it's cost $0.5 each ( whole sale price for it not more than $0.1）why they earn this money!~milk tea 
Much Better Cafe is it really much better?  It is another Hong Kong Style Cafe that replaced another Hong Kong Style Cafe that used to be at this location.   Free Wifi with no password needed, great if you want to just surf the internet a little over a cup of Hong Kong Milk Tea.   Over 20 choices for Lunch Specials starting from $6.50.  My Beef Brisket with Rice Noodle ($6.50) comes with Borscht soup and choice of drink. Portion is good and the Hong Kong Milk Tea is creamy and smooth. Extra plus is all the food is served pipping hot!!  Services is excellent and friendly. Ask and you will receive with a smile!  10% Grand Opening Specials!   Afternoon Tea Special starts at 2:30pm!~milk tea. beef brisket milk tea tea 
The restaurant has gotten new ownership a few months ago, and as a result much of the menu has changed. Unlike most HK cafe restaurants, most of the "western" influenced chinese lunches such as baked pork chop and rice are no longer present. Instead there are a lot of items that you would normally find in Chinese fast food, and less prominently at other HK style cafes. The closest thing to "western" style chinese food here is french toast, fried chicken and fries etc. which is really very disappointing for a HK style cafe.However, according to the owner, he said he intended to change the menu  soon, since he's not allowed to have an overlap of dishes with the Chinese restaurant in the same plaza, so I hope to see some positive changes. Food wise, items came out pretty slow, even though the restaurant was not busy. Food quality is ok, but nothing beyond typical chinese fast food, and leans towards the salty side. Overall, the restaurant is more of a 2.5 at best, but I will give them that extra .5 star due to the understandable struggles of ownership transition as well as free wifi and friendly service.~pork french toast, fried chicken 
Bristo Square is Edinburgh's unofficial skate park. It has absolutely no facilities whatsoever, it's just a paving-stoned square with walls that are good for doing tricks on. I'm not exactly sure why all the cool skate kids choose to hang about here, except that I think the nearest real skate park is in Musselburgh, but they do. Always. You'd think the almost-constant stream of students (it's part of the university campus) or the scary drunks that sit at the edge would put them off, but it doesn't. It is THE place to skate, or to set up bmx jumps, or to sit moodily watching. I should imagine it's a great place for skater-types to meet like-minded folk. However, it's also a place of great entertainment value for the students wandering around: "Look, look, he's gonna fall, he's gonna fall -oh - ooooooow Nice." Ah, the happy / sadistic sport of guess-the-broken-bone. Thankfully, the university medical centre is just next door.~sport 
Bristo Square is a pretty cool Square, as far as Squares go. Although I'm not sure if its precisely square-shaped?  As Julia S has mentioned, it's a Jekyll and Hyde personality for one month of the year -in August, during the Festival. Suddenly there's an upside down inflatable cow, fake grass, the faint smell of raw chicken and mouldy beer, and it's open till 3am.  Fun times.  The other 11 months of the year it tends to attract the homeless people from the soup kitchen on the corner, skaters practicing their sic slides, and um...not much else.  Oh and then there's graduation when the McEwan Hall next to it is filled with gowned graduates. It's a very pretty place to take your photo in after. (Although I'd still wager the Clositers at Glasgow University are prettier... Just sayin'.)  As something I need to walk past, or by, Bristo Square is completely inoffensive. It's a shame it's not used more to eat lunch on the steps, for example. But then there's the Meadows just round the corner, and grass is far more comfortable than stone.~chicken 
I don't think I've ever had a bad experience with Starbucks until today. I was rushed to order (which is so unnerving) and didn't have a chance to think about what I actually wanted. Decided to try the new Berry Sangria shaken tea since it was the first thing I saw. I asked for a Venti and went to wait for my drink. The staff were making some sort of custom drink for someone they knew by name, so I waited. My drink was so dinky looking for $5+ and they gave me a grande. I said I had wanted a Venti and instead of offering to fix it for me and have me pay the extra, instead they just asked if I wanted to see my receipt. Not really sure how a 4.45 grande turned into $5.40 but okay. I would have honestly just preferred someone to ask if I had actually wanted a Venti (which I did) and rectify the order. Pretty sure at EVERY other Starbucks, even the obnoxious and rude customers get their order right or rectified if it is incorrect.~tea 
It's a Starbucks.  However, it's worth mentioning, hence the review, that the parking situation here was poorly designed.  Patrons basically hafta walk through a Canadian Tire gas station in order to get to their cars.  Quite dangerous actually.  While other lazy people/people who are just picking up drinks, end up parking along a fire route.  When I stopped in for the Frap "Happy Hour", I noticed that they trained the staff to ask if I wanted anything to eat or a $0.99 cookie straw to drink my Green Tea Frap??  Uh...no, gross, just the cheap drink thankyouverymuch.  Nice try though!~tea 
I went here to get coffee with my starbucks reward gold card. When i left, i realized that there was a mistake with my balance so i called them to look into it. The one who picked up the phone said she is so busy and that she'd call me back.  2 weekd later.. No call. Very rude.~coffee 
Culture yes, coffee no.  It's really a shame, because this location is awesome and Brookin doesn't really have anything else like it.  The space is open and airy, lots of windows and light, and really fantastic furniture for meeting with friends or just relaxing on your lunch break.  The lattes we bought however were not very good.  There wasn't a lot of flavour, just a bland milkiness.  They definitely need a more robust espresso to get repeat business.~coffee 
Very good coffee. Nice atmosphere. Easy to have a private conversation when seated in a booth. I'll be back.~coffee. 
Let's start with the bad. REALLY slow. I dined in once and it took over an hour before we could leave. The waitress told us the cooks were being lazy because of a previous rush of deliveries. She also told us that the owners put far more weight into the deleveries than they do those who are dinning in and waiting. This seems backwards. If I have to wait on something I would rather be in the comfort of my own home.  We had gotten up and put our coats on when the food finally arrived. Our waitress was far too forthcoming with the issues with the restaurant and the owners. We know that the owners are great with Italian food because they're from Egypt... Wait... What? I don't think that waitress works there anymore.  Now the conundrum of the food: The lazagne was interesting. It had way too much liquid in it and I was ready for a horrible meal. I was surprised at the outstanding flavor though. I was ready for the very tasting looking garlic knots. Again, looks are deceiving. They were obviously bought in a can or the freezer section and they were over cooked. I couldn't even eat one. The waitress said that the good bread sells out early so they then bake this other stuff. Personally, I think they just go next door to food lion and grab it out of the freezer.  My wife got the philly cheese steak, which was awesome. It came with fries, which were horrible. I am sure they are frozen.   They have a large selction (although quite a few typos on the menu) They need to reduce the amount on the menu, fix the side items, and pay a little more attention to the people seated in the restaurant.  Our solution: What we do now is call ahead to get philly cheese steaks (it takes about 20 minutes for them to be ready) and go pick it up. After several attempts with the fries, we just don't bother anymore.~garlic cheese steak, fries, cheese steaks ( fries, 
The only thing I have tried from this restaurant is the pizza and ziti. Pizza was very bland, but not inedible. The baked ziti was absolutely terrible, dry and had no flavor whatsoever. I would not recommend this place.~pizza pizza 
Just paid $6.99 for store brought dumplings, taste exactly like the ones I got from T&T. So disappointed! My bf ordered the wonton soup, the soup has no flavor, the wonton is bad quality and probably had no meat in it. The only good thing was the fried tofu side dish we got, at least it tasted fresh. Never coming back again.... Might as well just make my own.~tofu 
If you think Dumplings on Northtown Way you think Dumpling King.  Heck, I've even done a review on Dumpling King.  Royal Dumpling is a semi new place that opened up.  How does it stack up?    Pros: Food other than dumplings is pretty good  Cons: Dumplings are "supermarket" quality Long wait time if place is busy  I've passed this place a number of times on my way home from work.  Royal Dumpling is a tuiny place that replaced a pizza place.  The inside looks exactly the same as the pizza place.  They did very little reno after taking over.  The place is super tiny.  2 tables and a bench is all they have in terms of seating.  The place is so tiny the kitchen is located the floor above.  The waitress needs to go upstairs to get the food when it's ready.  We ordered the Fennel and Nappa dumplings, some lamb skewers and the beef noodle.  Royal Dumpling suffers from the same problems that all small dumpling restaurants suffer from.  When it's busy, expect to wait a long time.  There's probably only one cook and s/he can only do so much by themselves.  We waited nearly 40 minutes for our food.  That's way too long.  The dumplings themselves were average at best.  They were obviously not hand made.  The Chinese name of this place translates to Tian Jin Dumplings.  Tian Jin is a city in northern China so I thought I would be getting some handmade dumplings made in the way they made there.  These dumplings I swear were like the ones you can buy at the supermarket.  At $7 for 15, they were also more expensive then your usual dumpling.  Being disappointed by the dumpling, I was very impressed with the skewers and noodles. The skewers were some of the better ones I've had.  They were spicier than others and that's the way I like it.  The noodles were pretty good too.  I did notice that everyone else there didn't order dumplings.  I should of realized something was up when that happened.  Royal Dumplings is a decent place to go to.  The dumplings aren't horrible, but they aren't anything to rave about either. However, if go with non-dumplings, you will be OK.  Kinda strange huh?~pizza pizza fennel lamb beef 
Damals zu Schulzeiten und nach Abizeiten (Studienzeiten) sind wir sehr oft ins Max. Damals gab es eine sehr leckere Küche und die Bedienung war lustig und nett. Heute, nachdem es einen neuen (ist schon bisschen länger so) Besitzer hat bin ich sehr enttäuscht. Die Bedienung ist nicht immer höflich. Wenn etwas falsch ausgegeben wurde ist der Gast daran Schuld. Dabei heißt es doch Der Gast ist König. Und unter Zeugen hilft es nichts zu sagen  Das habe ich aber nicht bestellt. Die nächsten Male probierten wir Tacos oder Nachos. Leider waren die so hart, trocken und doch weich, wie wenn man die Tüte aufgelassen hätte. Nachdem wir nachfragten sagte man uns, dass es daran liegt, dass sie so frisch seien Alles klar! Dafür sind die Cocktails gut und auch alle Nachspeisen. Bei Kuchen wäre ich vorsichtig. Die Atmosphäre des Max ansich hat sich nicht geändert. Drinnen ist es im 2. Stockwerk immer noch am gemütlichsten (wobei es inzwischen wohl zum Raucherabteil gehört) und draußen (im Sommer) ist am Wettbachplatz immer etwas los. Wenn man am Wochenende oder Werktags im Sommer zu mehreren Personen kommen möchte, sollte man lieber einen Tisch reservieren.    Nachtrag: Neulich erst war ich wieder da. Ein neuer Versuch, der geglückt ist! Die neue weibliche Bedienung war sehr zuvorkommend, hat sich alles gut gemerkt und man wurde schnell bedient. Schade nur das sie uns nicht abkassiert hat. Gerne hätten wir ihr das Trinkgeld gegeben!~tacos 
War gestern mit 3 Kumpels dort und wurden sehr sehr schleppend bedient obwohl der Laden eher weniger gut besucht war. Von Freundlichkeit war nicht wirklich viel zu verspühren. Zudem hat der Typ am Nachbartisch ein komplettes Glas Bier abbekommen - ist dem Kellner vom Tablett gekippt..saudumm gelaufen.    Der Burger war mittelmäßig bis gut, die Pommes dafür aber sehr gut bis genau richtig.~burger 
Menus were totally confusing---very inconsistent and many items (like dumplings) are left off the printed menus.  Their combos were a bit confusing too--like a mini portion of orange chicken came with rice but not macaroni salad, yet other chicken items came with the macaroni.  I ordered a side of macaroni but after a taste I couldn't eat it--flavorless.  The orange chicken looked beautiful but wasn't that great of quality--big portions--enough for two, but I wish it was more white meat.  The grilled mahi mahi was very salty and their french fries were horrible.  Their burgers were chewy and bland.  Sadly, I won't be back, even though they have a wide variety of items, but I don't think it will be better.~chicken salad, chicken chicken white french fries 
Ah, the plate lunch. Carbs, grease and salt. Those are three of the four major food groups, if memory serves me correctly.  Aloha A Go Go is pretty typical of these places, but their just-barely-creamy macaroni salad is some of the best I've had.  My usual order is a combination of garlic chicken, which is stir-fried with piles of minced garlic, and the volcano chicken, which is basically spicy BBQ chicken. Both start off decent, but the rubbery dark meat chicken can be a little hard to stomach after a while. Scarf down some rice and you'll feel better. I don't recommend the soggy, flavorless kalua pork.  Service is friendly and accommodating. Portions are massive.  Otherwise, the place is unremarkable, perfectly acceptable but not worth a special trip.~salad garlic chicken, garlic, chicken, spicy bbq chicken 
Aloha! a go go?  Obviously the sister joint to china a go go ....do Chinese know how to cook Hawaiin?  Anyways....I usually have lunch here once a week or so, I usually have the spam or bbq chicken saimin noodles.  They taste just like the description: spam n noodles.  I have also sampled the lunch special consisting of wayyyyy toooooo much fooood...... like 2 full slabs of chicken katsu, rice, macaroni salad and they toss in one maldagascar or whatever they call it puffy dessert thang....not many choices in the area so I gotta endure it....oh, and the tonkatsu sauce was too watery....til next time, good eating!~bbq chicken 
WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS PLACE????  I've been coming here 1-2 a month for 5 years, and it has progressively gotten worse. They don't have half the things on their menu, so if you are looking for something other than the VERY BASIC combination plates, you're better off going to another location. Some of the items they don't have anymore are: pork katsu, pork cutlet, lemon chicken, POTATO SALAD (Aloha A Go Go?!), grilled salmon, KIMCHI, aloha fried rice, manapua, egg roll, any sort of curry, etc.  They also have/HAD a stamp card where 20 stamps would qualify you for a free meal. I went there last week to get my final stamp (which would have made this meal free), and the girl tells me that they are not doing the stamps or honoring the cards anymore because of new management. She tells me the change happened in December. WOW.~pork pork lemon chicken, potato salad 
I was out running errands and stopped in for a quick lunch. I generally prefer to eat at independent places rather than the corporate chains that dominate this part of town. But as Aloha A Go Go proves, local doesn't always mean better. Looking back, I should have tried Pick Up Stix next door instead.  I opted for the garlic shrimp lunch special, and it came with chow mein, fried rice and a drink for $6. Not a bad deal if the food was good, but alas...  Everything but the shrimp was lukewarm, as though it has been sitting on a steam table for a while. The noodles were lo mein rather than chow mein and were rather greasy and lifeless, the fried rice was overcooked and bland and the veggies under the shrimp were cold. Only the shrimp themselves were hot.  Pretty crappy experience, even for fast food. I won't be going back.~garlic shrimp fried rice shrimp fried rice shrimp shrimp 
Dad back home from hospital after several months after a heart attack, heart surgery, pt.  So for Thanksgiving, we decide to order food out so that my mom will not have to cook anything since she has been very busy since my dad came home just several days before.  The goal was to find something a group of people can enjoy.  Since we are Pilipinos, we don't adhere to the Turkey thanksgiving adage so anything good is fine.  My sister and her family are visiting from Pittsburgh so we discuss what should we eat.  Joji - well what should we order, check out chinese, costco, trader joes, smiths anywhere  Melanio - well we have to know what is open  Kuya, well how about Don Antonios, they have pasta (this is bec I mentioned Brian my partner will not be eating meat like everyone else who will eat anything  Melanio - I will look up.  Great menu, not open on Thnksgiving Day, their suggestion is to buy it Wed and heat it up Thurs.  Nope  Melanio - well there is Salt Lick BBQ here in Red Rock.  Joji - Mama doesn't like the BBQ at Green Valley Resort (Red Rock sister resort), How about Aloha A Go Go, they have been there before.  Melanio - Ok.  I will order something from Salt Lick and you order the rest from Aloha A Go Go  Okay I would say some more but you get the gist, I will get several more calls about the menu at Aloha A Go Go, price, half tray, full tray, beef, pork, chicken,shrimp etc.  So what do we get, half tray bbq chicken, fried shrimp and they will throw us some fried dough with cinnamon sugar for free!  Well here comes the relevant part.  Hawaiian bbq chicken - comes flat looking like pork on top of vegetables.  Joji - they have broccoli under the chicken, do we serve that? Melanio - probably just for catching the grease from the chicken like in chinese and thai restaurants. Joji - food is still hot, put it in the oven to remain warm until guests arrive to eat. Melanio - ok, everybody is gtting hungry who is here Andy (my brother in law) - started on the chips from Salt Lick (everyone eats it too)  Aloha A Go Go food - bbq sauce for chicken, okay not great (soy sauce and sugar?), fried shrimp - too much breading sauce tartar sauce  Both dishes are flat for some reason (as in thin pieces).  Imagine your bbq chicken and fried shrimp being served after the car has run over it several times to flatten it.  I didn't expect the food to be flat but tried it anyway.  Only okay. wouldn't recommend it to a funeral party.  If you like to make sure that your food is sandwich ready, get Aloha A Go Go to go.  P.S.  the vegetables (not broccoli only) under the chicken was meant to be served with the chicken...aya yay yay!~pasta ( beef, pork, chicken, shrimp bbq chicken 
I don't know why this place is rated so low! I happen to like this place! Not as good as Hawaiian Hale, or Ross J's... but it's above average! The lady that works on the register is always sweet and friendly. She remembers me even if I haven't been back for a while! I will continue to go here for their garlic chicken and garlic shrimp whenever I get a craving! Plus, even though they stopped the frequent diners card, i still was able to use my old one that was filled up for a free individual plate!! I love a free meal!~garlic chicken garlic shrimp 
Another stellar food truck option in charlotte. I ate here last weekend at the D9 craft brewery grand opening. There's just something about craft beers and food trucks that makes me feel like my life's complete :) Everything we had was excellent. I had the Reuben sandwich  while my wife had the chicken pita and my son had the Kim chi grilled cheese with ramen noodles. I tried a little bit of everything and would honestly order it all again. The food was phenomenal!  I've come to know quite a few food trucks in charlotte and this one is near the top.~sandwich chicken cheese ramen noodles. 
I had always seen this food truck outside of my office on Wednesdays, but never really gave it  a second look or even considered the menu.... MAN was I missing out!!!  Its got a unique menu of eats that will satisfy anyone's hunger (and curiosity!).  So I will have to admit, I had brought my lunch to the office, but apparently my portioning was off since I was still hungry by the time I had finished.  I looked outside and saw the food truck and thought to supplement my lunch with a side from the truck.  Little did I know, I was blown away by the menu.  Ended up trying the Cheese & Herb Risotto Fritters w/ Fire Roasted Pepper & Arugula Aioli.  YUMMMMMM!  It is a mouthful of a description, but the flavor and satisfaction after eating them was even more so!  Going to have to try their regular menu items.... The Kimchi ramen Grilled Cheese looks very promising as does the Reuben.  The other unique part of this truck is their sweet selection:  cookies... they are 3 for $2 and you get to choose from Spicy Dark Chocolate Oatmeal, Lemon Sugar, and Orange Cranberry Almond Cookies.  Next time I see this food truck, I will be thrown' some bows to get to the front of the line and placing my order.~cheese & arugula cheese cookies... lemon cranberry almond cookies. 
Amazing portions for the price! Got the chips and dip - swear to god they put crack in it (so yummy). Also got the risotto fritters, ramen, and tomato grit stack. The chef asked what level of hot for the ramen which was nice. The roasted tomatoes and mushrooms with the grit is yummy as well! My only complaint would be that they gave me so much topping for two grit cakes - I wish there was a third one.~chips tomato mushrooms 
Home made Ramen noodles. The End. No seriously, the Ramen noodle dish is so full of flavor, as I write this review in the early am before work, I'm now craving it again. I've also tried the meatball sub on one occasion and it, too, was a hit!. Back to the Ramen dish, they offer a spice level from mild to hot. I went medium and it added a nice burn to the back of the throat. Very nice. I tend to catch these guys over at Bulldog Beer & Wine but they are always on the move, hence, it's a food truck.~ramen noodles. 
Not a local here hair happened to me in Charlotte for a wedding and a group of friends decided to kill time at sycamore brewery.  On Saturdays they are graced with the presence of hot boxs food truck.   Among us we had the beignets ramen paneer and the Cuban press.   All of it was super good.  The paneer guys said it was the best food truck experience he had ever had.   If you see these dudes on the curb...  Hit the brakes hard you won't regret it!!!!~paneer paneer 
Mouthwatering!  Wow, do these people know how to put foods together right! Everything was good - the Kale Salad with chicken especially!! They are well organized, they are well-versed in their menu and ingredients for each specific dish and how it got to their truck. Many different choices so there is something for everyone.  Best Tip about this place: They staff someone outside/off the truck - so you can actually talk to someone about the food and ingredients instead of yelling into the tiny little window and continuing to wait on a very interrupted conversation. Very attentive to their customers!~kale salad chicken 
I can't give a complete review of these guys because they so nailed the first thing on the truck I tried that I've not been able to order anything other than their Potato/cauliflower curry with smoked chicken.     Seriously.  I am physically incapable of reading any other words on their menu board because my eyes refuse to look anywhere other than their curry bowl.  I tried to say nice greetings to them prior to ordering but all my throat could get out was "Curry bowl with smoked chicken"  I need help.~chicken. chicken" 
Woohoo, Another food truck hits the Queen City!  I had the opportunity to try this one at my usual watering hole.   This truck does not specialize in just one type of food but has quite an interesting selection on the menu.  On this day, they had a reuben, Spicy beef sliders, Ramen Chicken stir-fry and a few other main dishes.  They also had a decent selection of sides including risotto balls and a kale salad.  I ordered the reuben and the risotto balls.  This also came with chips.  The rueben was very tasty.  It wasn't smothered with thousand island dressing but instead they added dijon mustard whih made the meat and the kraut stand out.  The bread was toasted without being greasy.    The risotto balls were ok.  I am not a big rice fan but I did break out of my comfort zone for these.  The chips however were great.  They are fried in the truck and lightly salted.    I had a chance to chat with the owner who explained why he uses dijon on the rueben instead of thousand island and also why he decided to not stick to one type of food.    So far I am impressed.  I hope to see more of this truck.~beef chicken kale salad. chips. chips 
I stopped by this food truck in uptown today  to grab something for lunch. I went with the cauliflower and potato curry and opted to add smoke chicken. It was great! My curry was flavorful, huge, and extremely hot (temperature wise, not spice). My curry had a tad too many peppercorns which added nice spice, but they should have been more finely ground. It was $7 plus $2 for the added chicken and then tax. Not a bad deal!  The food is made to order right there by the chef, so it may not be your best bet if you're in a hurry to get back to the office.~cauliflower potato chicken. chicken 
Two Words: Hot Box  Two more words: Saag Paneer  For a mobile kitchen that normally serves hand crafted Reubens and Cubans, they had some incredible specials. Homemade Ramen and Saag Paneer. Talk about branching out and taking risks!!  Another word: impressive.  The Paneer had just an ongoing depth of flavors - just an all-around hearty dish with a mild creamy ginger curry base. Kale, onions, cauliflower, potatoes and huge chunks of fresh tasty Paneer cheese. Huge portion for only $8! Great 4 Star dish! Can't wait to try the Ramen next visit!~paneer paneer. paneer ginger kale, cauliflower, paneer cheese. 
Outstanding Food Truck Experience! Went to Vin Masters last night for a wine dinner - Pullis Wines  paired with Hot Box Food Truck. It was really a fun venue and the food produced on the truck was delicious! We started out with their version of Crab Benedict, which was a light crab salad on a Bean Pancake ! Topped with the most wonderful Hollandaise! Next was a deconstructed Salad with Avocado, Roasted beets and Goat Cheese...Great!  Then Shortribs braised in Vanilla and Expresso with Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Cheese and Roma Tomato Grits! Ended it all with a Great Figgy Cake!! The Chef came in with each course and explained all his cooking..I will be looking for this truck everywhere !!  Keep your eye out for the HOT BOX TRUCK!!~salad salad avocado, cheese... cheese tomato cake! 
I would just like to say my mom and  I have been from Plum to Monroeville to Penn Hills. I do believe we have found our home! I am so comfortable here. All of the staff are great! But I have to say Koby is my guy! He is very knowledgeable and is always trying new ideas. Not only do I give him five stars but I trust him to do whatever he wants with my nails. I have not been disappointed yet. Thanks Koby! See you in two weeks!~plum 
A new store where Cafe Verde used to be, Jennifer North is pricey, but has some unique products. I particularly liked the selection of perfume because any store that has fig perfume is a winner in my book. There are a lot of cute gifts here and some nice clothing as well.~fig 
Sign up for their newsletters. Their specials are no joke, man. Last week I got a 60-minute massage PLUS a free foot treatment for $40. What?! Yeah.   The foot treatment was no more than 10 minutes, but still the 60-minute massage alone is worth the $40.   The foot treatment happens right after the massage. You're still in the same room, on the same table. I got a Sugar Kiss treatment (it was around Valentine's day), so he pretty much gave me a lubed up sugar foot rub and then wiped off the sugar after. The foot treatments change all the time. Sometimes coconut, sometimes jizz. Just kidding.   So iono if they have like only entry level masseurs, but my guy last time was decent. I got no complaints. (Plus when you review day spas, salons, or any biz where you work with one technician, you gotta be careful to review the biz, not the technician. But my guy was good. Just sayin'.)   All of the employees I've encountered are warm and friendly. Some of the other customers seemed to have a real intimate rapport with the employees. Parking is never a problem.   When you book your appointment, make sure you mention the email special. Some of the other emails specials are like a 60-minute facial with free add-on (giggle).   I'ma start making massages a regular thang suckas! Sorry, I'm kinda hyped ...~coconut, 
Went to big dogs on sahara, we usually go to the big dog draft house on rancho, we jus think the food a little better.  We got there about 7 or so . Game 1 of WS going on. Jus beat the crowd:) ordered nachos half order w / ground beef , for some reason at the sahara location they don't have 1/2 order of nachos, but at the rancho they do, so I jus ask and the waitress did it . The full order can feed 4 people ez . Standard  nachos chips ,cheese, taco meat or chix for couple bucks more,jalapeño , sour cream,salsa and guacamole , very good lots of toppings. I also ordered the ribeye steak and sausage hoagie , comes w cheese lett tomato, pickles and onions. The steak was cooked perfect M rare. The whole thing works , makes for a very good meal. Wife had the bratzel her fav, a burger w/ pretzel bun, beef patty,red klemet sausage cheese and onion strings ,lett tom,onion and pickle very big burger. We luv seeing our guests faces when they see this burger for the first time. Service little off , only two waitreses don't think they expected a big crowd on a wed. , but she had a good attitude and tried , hard to get mad . Enjoyed the meal .~beef , chips , cheese, taco sour cream, salsa steak sausage cheese tomato, pickles steak burger beef sausage cheese onion onion burger. burger 
Greatest bleu cheese hamburger on the planet...not to mention the beer is awesome. Good place to escape The Strip.~cheese 
It has been quite awhile since I ate here last and I recall last time the help was in a pretty rotten mood so I ordered take-out this time around  I love their brats mainly because theres not many places you can get a grilled brat in this town unless your lucky enough to be at an outdoor event and some place is serving them up.  I ordered the steak & brat sandwich with an order of Wisconsin Cheese Curds -$27!!!  Absurd.  The food was good but the steak wasn't char-grilled and I asked for it Blackened. the brat was great and so were the curds but it was way too pricy for them to get my take-out wrong and for me to do it again.~steak & sandwich cheese steak 
I was taken to this "cafe" by my friend who said they had the best pulled pork sandwiches. Of course I'm from Texas and anything west of the Panhandle is suspect to me! But I went (no choice,she was driving). I looked at the menu and I wasn't feeling the pulled pork and nothing else seemed appetizing except the chipotle marinated pot roast tacos. Again, being from Texas, I'm a bit spoiled when it comes to tacos. Bu I figured I'd give it a try. I asked the waitress which was a better deal-the tacos or the burrito with the same meat.She stated the burrito because it included lettuce, tomato, cheese and sour cream. So, I chose the burrito. I shouldn't have.  I should have protested that we leave and go to where we originally intended...EARL OF SANDWICH! The "chipotle marinated" pot roast was flavorless, chewy, and dry! The flour tortilla was crumbly. The french fries were over cooked and greasy. My friend was also disappointed. She ended up getting the pulled pork but they were now sliders. Half the amount of meat and weren't as flavorful as she remembered. But they charged the same price as the original sandwich as if you were receiving the same product. Amazing how stupid they think people are. Get less, charge same...no we haven't lost our memories. We haven't forgotten what you used to serve and what we used to pay for food that has now become substandard. I won't be going back there. I now know why the place seemed so desolate when I passed by. No one wants to waste money on crappy food and a crappy atmosphere.~pork pork tacos. tacos. tacos burrito burrito lettuce, tomato, cheese sour cream. burrito. sandwich! french fries 
I came here with my roommate and ordered the Big Dog Sandwich. This sandwich was big enough to feed two! We also got criss-crossed sweet potato fries. Bil tab was about $15.00.  Tip: Split the sandwich and share fries, it comes in huge proportions!~sandwich. sandwich sweet potato 
Love the Sahara Big Dog's! Love the bar tenders (Lee and Jess!), love the games, love the specials, love the beer, love the Big Dog's Salad!   Just a warning though, the fried chicken breast meal is different every time you order it! Sometimes there are good days, sometimes there are bad. I think it depends on the cook.~salad! fried chicken 
2nd time to this location. Service is slow, and food has been average bar food. One thing that really bugs me is sitting at the bar and having a bartender give me crap about playing enough/spending enough for free drinks. Well, the bartender here gave me a hard time, in addition to poor service, about playing enough while I was spending $60 over 3 hours for 3 beers, and she charged me for my last beer. So, $63.75 for 3 beers (plus tips) during my last time here. She had short brown hair. While there she was too busy watching football games to serve customers, so table service might be better. Also, don't expect their seasonal beers to be on tap. One out of four was available this time, and one out of the three listed was available last time. Generally just not a great deal with average beers at best.~brown 
Had a late night waiting for someone, figured I'd get some decent eats. Big Dogs never disappoints. Ordered the chili with cheese and onions. It's a generous portion with big chunks of steak, lots of veggies, and plenty of crumbly cheese. Holy yum, it was good - and so much, I got two meals out of it! I will be back for the chili alone.~cheese steak, cheese. 
Surprisingly full menu, great service, great beer and great food! I'd come back any time.  For a local brewery, they have great food including fried cheese curds, chorizo stuffed pork chops, and some really tasty looking sandwiches.  Our server was very nice and very down to earth.  Loved it.~cheese pork 
Alright, I'm bumping this up to 5 stars after going back at least 3-4 times in the past few weeks and receiving nothing but the most amazing pocket pie concoctions and over the top customer service.  I mentioned a twitter promotion they were offering and how I was upset I couldn't partake in it and the owner gave me the promotion no questions asked. I really wasn't expecting that and it is service like that that will have me coming back time after time. Throw in incredible daily specials and there is always something new to try which keeps the foodie in me happy. Keep up the amazing work!~pie 
Not the kind of food I expect or want to eat out of a truck in a parking lot.  To me, trucks are about burgers and tacos.  Some of the best versions I've had have come from trucks.  What I don't want is a bacon-wrapped date, fries, and a chicken cordon bleu hot pocket.  Hint to food trucks...  do one thing really well.  Don't be everything to everybody.  Do great hot dogs or burgers or doughnuts or ice cream or tacos, but not all of them.~burgers tacos. bacon- date, fries, chicken hot dogs burgers doughnuts ice cream tacos, 
Holy crap this truck/trailer/potentially mobile food service entity is GOOD!  I tried the cordon bleu pocket and the bacon wrapped dates.  The bacon wrapped dates rival Firefly's . . . and from a truck!  But the pocket stole the show. Only $5, huge, and oh so tasty.  Creamy sauce with generous chunks of ham and pulled chicken.    I think the cordon bleu pocket is a special.  But if the other pockets are even close. . . holy crap.  I'll be here every chance I get.  The side of the trailer says they serve breakfast, too.  Score!~bacon bacon chicken. 
Don't know why it took us so long to try Roamin' Dough, but I'm glad we finally did! They happened to be at the Gourmet Food Truck Block Party this weekend, and Wifey thought that the Southwestern pocket pie sounded delicious, so we got one of those along with an order of Bacon Wrapped Dates.  WOW! Nothing but good flavors and textures in the filling paired with the dough which seems like a cross between a very flaky pie crust and puff pastry-SO TASTY!!!  Looking for a hot date? You can find 'em here! These bacon wrapped bad boys pack such a flavor combination that you can't eat just one! Roamin' Dough's version definitely ranks up there(I think it surpasses them) with Twin Creek's and Firefly's ones.  Definitely worth a visit if you haven't tried them yet...ALOHA!!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(277/365) "Pocket Pies...The NEW Hot Pocket!"~pie bacon pie date? bacon 
Roamin' Dough is normally located in the parking lot of the Lee's Liquor near our home. I have been wanting to try them for some time, but every time I think about checking it out they are closed. Even during what is supposed to be their normal hours.  I finally had the chance to check them out at the food truck smackdown. They were serving bacon wrapped dates. I don't really like dates, but these were the real deal. A touch sweet for my tastes, but definitely way better than anything I expected off a food truck.  I can't wait to try their other offerings. Just hope I catch them open some time.~bacon 
In the Lee's Discount Liquor Parking lot, a lone food truck sits. No, not Hanshiktaco, they've sadly  closed. Roamin' Dough is it's replacement. Roamin' Dough serves up pocket pies, fried dough pockets filled with yummy meats and cheeses, along with toasted ravioli, Parmesan fries, and other goodies. I tried the beef and cheddar pocket pie today. It was pretty simple, beef, cheddar, onions and red peppers, inside the pocket, but it was DAMN good. I'll be back for more, since it's near my house, and let you know what the other pockets are like when I try them. Update: Just had a chance to try out the panzarotti (pepperoni, cheese) and the bacon wrapped dates.. The panzarotti was oh so yummy. And the the bacon wrapped dates are like heaven.  Actually, they accidently overcooked my first order, so they gave me extra dates when they remade it. Happiness!~fries, beef cheddar pocket pie 
The red stationary truck in the Lee's parking lot has gotten a makeover, a new owner, and now serves delicious "trailer made pocket pies". I picked up a Panzarotti (pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomato) and a Southwest (chipotle chicken, green chili, corn, black beans and cheese) and both were still piping hot when we got home.  It was a little greasy, but what do you expect from some fried dough goodness. The fillings were plenty and the dipping sauces were the perfect compliment.  I actually found myself saying "Mmmmmm" after my first bite. And the second.  And the third.    I also ordered the bacon wrapped dates and they were the perfect combo of sweet and salty.  The blue cheese crumbles also had me begging for more.  I'm so glad it is in my neighborhood because you can bet I will be back again to not only get my fix of bacon wrapped dates, but to try the other delicious dough creations. They are also wallet friendly- only $5 per pocket pie.~pepperoni, mozzarella, tomato) chicken, corn, black beans cheese) bacon cheese bacon pie. 
Delish! A friend and I went to First Friday and ended up at Roamin' Dough for dinner. It was awesome! We had been looking for Haulin' Balls, but they weren't there, so of course we had to try the Meatball Sack (hehe, Beavis, she said ball sack.) That was one tasty ball! Ok, seriously, the meatball was really flavorful and wrapped in a yummy dough and came with marinara sauce on the side. The star dish had to be the fries, though! They were so good, fried perfectly, and covered in herbs and parmesan cheese. We also had the cilantro avocado dipping sauce for the fries...amazeballs! The price was also good...$10 for 2 people. Give them a try!~fries, cheese. cilantro avocado fries... 
I have ate at this little red food trailer many times, the food is always great and the service is top notch the owners make sure you are happy. I would highly recommend this place, I've had many of the menu items and specials, the meatballs and BBQ pork are too of my favorite both made fresh. Check them out at Lees on Lake Meade or one of roaming spots.~bbq pork 
Just picked up the bacon wrapped dates and their last pulled pork pocket. One word "Delicious!". The dates are filled with a smoked almond which add a great flavor/texture. The pulled pork has a nice tang to it. Highly recommend trying this place!~bacon pork almond pork 
I'm hooked, and thanks to Roamin' Dough, I will never look at a hotpocket or any pocket pie the same way again! If specialty filled dim sum buns are your thing, then I promise you my friend, that specialty pocket pies will ALSO be your thing.   I ordered the Panzarotti, Trailer fries, St. Louis Toasted Ravioli, and the Bacon wrapped Dates.   o0o...the dates! the dates! Those are my favorite. Although its not a pocket pie, I'd still have to say that their dates are my fave. It's a sweet taste thanks to the smoked almonds, and the blue cheese crumbles cancels out the sweet flavor so that its not too sweet. The nice bacon crunch also made it a good combination. I'll never have another stuffed date again unless it's with their sweet wine reduction, smoked almonds, blue cheese crumble, and wrapped in bacon.  Panzarotti, its huge! it's very filling, and much like a pizza hotpocket just with that nice extra doughy crunch to it. If you're looking for a quick snack, this would be a good choice. It's like a mini calzone. They split it in half for you so you can go halvsies with a friend!   Trailer fries are addicting! The herbs and Parmesan cheese make it go great with your Panzarotti. Thanks to the seasoning, the fries don't taste boring at all.   St. Louis Toasted Ravioli is like the pizza pocket pie, but just a mini version. if you get the ravioli, I'd suggest ordering a pocket pie that doesn't consist of marinara or any similar tasting to pizza or ravioli to widen your variety and taste buds.  Service was wonderful. They were so friendly and accomodating to my requests. I'll be back for more. Thanks Roamin' Dough!~pie fries, bacon pie, cheese bacon date cheese bacon. pizza fries cheese fries pizza pie, pie pizza 
Roamin' Dough is definitely going down as one of my favorite food trucks I've tasted.  I've heard my friends talk about this truck and how much I have to try their pockets. I saw them and gave in to the southwest pie. The $7 I paid for it was worth it. The pie was beyond what I expected. The dough of the pie was soft and every bite had flavor.  Waiting for the food wasn't a problem either. Compared to other food trucks that take awhile to cook their food, Roamin' Dough didn't take that long. It was probably a maximum of 10 minutes, and if it does take longer I would not mind.~pie. pie pie 
I had the good fortune of eating from the Roamin' Dough while attending a recent social event.  The occupants of the food trailer were very friendly and accommodated my gluten free request.  The turkey sausage is awesome!~sausage 
Just tried Roamin' Dough for the 1st time today at the First Food Truck Smackdown.  The two ladies in charge of the food truck were extremely nice. They explained the entire menu, even though we were there for a sample. I loved their menu but promised myself I would only do the sample to keep a fair and open mind.   They gave us two of their bacon wrapped dates, sprinkled with feta cheese and drizzled with sweet vinegary sauce. Not liking dates, I tried them anyway. Always giving the benefit of the doubt. Sadly I was not a fan, it was very sweet but i still can agree it was full of flavor. Sweet AND salty.   The customer service was great and they gave my daughter a cute blue pin wheel to have. I cant wait to come back and update with their famous pockets!~bacon cheese 
Finally checked this place out, as it's only a couple blocks from work. As a fan of delicious flavor, I'm sorry I didn't try sooner.  In a nutshell: Tasty, tasty hot pockets / empanadas.  What I tried: 1 turkey, bacon, cheese, and caramelized jalapeno pocket pie with a side of mango chutney; great flavor, very nice bit of heat from the jalapenos, and the chutney was a great flavor counterbalance.  1 southwestern pocket pie: chipotle chicken with cheese, green chile, sweet corn, and black beans, with a side of cilantro avocado cream sauce; not spicy, but more flavorful than the turkey/bacon one. Very filling.  1 side order of mexi-fries: fries with chili, lime, and parmesan flavor, covered in sweet corn relish; decent flavor, but a little too sweet/tart for my liking.  The pastry pockets themselves were hot, crispy, flaky, and chewy. I ordered too much food, because I wanted to try a few different flavors, and each pocket is quite large - think a bit smaller than a large calzone. Luckily, I brought them back to work and was able to share with some coworkers.  Bottom line: Great pastry, great fillings, great price (~$5 each). Will definitely come back, and definitely want to try their bacon-wrapped dates next time. Gave it 4/5 because I think I'd have to try other items on the menu to see how they compare, and because the mexi-fries were only average.~bacon, cheese, jalapeno pie mango pie: chicken cheese, corn, black beans, cilantro avocado cream sauce; fries: fries lime, corn bacon- fries 
Found this thru the yelp blast that went out today.  Read some reviews and headed over.  Delicious, the pastry was light enough to taste great, but firm enough to hold the meat.  I will be back, especially because they have a semi permanent spot. Don't forget the bacon and blue cheese dates - so good.~bacon cheese 
I was able to check out Roamin' Dough at Tommy Rocker's this past Saturday. There was a selection of food trucks to choose from, Roamin' Dough caught my eyes because they offered up bacon wrapped dates.   My pal Jaime W. ordered the dates (and some fries but I didn't try those) and was willing to share with me, so I ordered  the Panzarotti, which is like a pepperoni hot pocket only WAY better. Neither order took very long and both the dates and the pocket came out super hot.  The pocket was ok, it was jam packed with pepperoni and lots of yummy, melty mozzarella cheese. I waited a little too long to eat all of it and it ended up getting a bit soggy on the bottom.  The dates on the other hand were fantastic, anytime I see Roamin' Dough out and about I am going to get an order of them for sure.  If you are a fan of the bacon wrapped dates at Firefly, you should check out Roamin' Dough, chances are you'll be a fan of their dates too!.~bacon fries pepperoni pepperoni mozzarella cheese. bacon 
Here is the breakdown for Roamin's Dough when I had it a few days ago:  FOOD: Panzarotti (Pepperoni with smoked mozzarella and Parmesan) - taste like a bland pizza stuffed in a flat piece of dough that was super greasy.   Buffalo Chicken Pie (Spicy chicken, celery, green onion, and spicy buffalo sauce) - This was the better tasting item if I had to choose if you put a gun to my head.  Amazingly this pie was greasier then the Panzarotti and you can feel the oil coating your mouth.    The taste of the chicken was a lot better then the pepperoni but if you were to look at the exterior (without cutting the pie open) they look exactly the same - flat, greased up, limp, and definitely nothing like the photos on their website lol  SERVICE: Thankfully I didnt ordered from them directly since if their service was as good as the food I would probably put negative 1 star.~pepperoni mozzarella pizza buffalo chicken pie 
These are definitely hot pockets in the sense of "hot" meaning what's happening and what you should be noshing! Not, Hot Pockets, the sad grocery store staple of bachelors and latch key children.   I had the opportunity to sample a Roamin' Dough creation at the Vegas Spring Social. It happened to be a vegan variety because I couldn't resist black beans, green chiles and zucchini! The pocket exceeded my expectations. It wasn't light and fluffy. The pocket itself had a slight sourdough taste, which I loved, and the fillings were nicely seasoned and generous. The pocket was accompanied by a cilantro avocado sauce. Everything went together like a well thought out gift. And, all while keeping it vegan, so kudos for that!  I just wish it were bigger! I could have easily consumed two of these numbers. I was hungry. It was delicious.~black beans, zucchini! cilantro avocado 
I've tried this place twice.  The first time I ate here, I ordered the "Bench Warrant" rice bowl.  Not totally disgusting and it got a few bites out of me.  Not impressed.  The second time I ordered an egg sandwich.  Who messes up an egg sandwich??  The Verdict's Inn does that's who!!!  Not only did they get my order wrong, the egg was disgusting, they used shredded cheese, and topped it with way too much spinach and lettuce.  I asked for no pico and guess what, my sandwich was drenched with it.  I'll NEVER eat here again!~egg sandwich. egg sandwich? egg cheese, spinach lettuce. sandwich 
ok..ridiculously addicted to their chopped salads. So great that you can pick out your own toppings, so its impossible to mess up.  Friendly staff, great service, great location. AND cake pops? AND Diet Coke? WINNING!~salads. cake coke? 
Cool find in downtown Las Vegas!  This took over the old Potato Valley Café, which was awesome, but this is just as good if not better.  This restaurant specializes in a make-your-own chopped salad.  You fill out this form,   http://www.theverdictsinn.com/images/VI_Chopped_Salad_Form.pdf, and let the magic happen.  Unlimited ingredients.  Whatever you can dream up.  Then they chop it up and serve it to you.  Very tasty and only $7 unless you add meat, avocado, or artichoke, which cost extra.  It comes with pretzel bread, which isn't the best, but passable.    I also tried the chicken burrito ($6), which is a special that they have occasionally.  It's made with brown rice and a ton of vegetables.  So yummy!  It comes with salsa, sour cream, and tortilla chips.  The tortilla chips weren't too great - kind of stale.  But the burrito was excellent.  Really fresh ingredients make all the difference.    They serve wraps, soups, smoothies, and hot dogs in addition to their daily specials.  And the legal theme is cute.  They offer a "repeat offender" card where you can get a free wrap, smoothie, or hot dog after 9 meals.  Good lunch places are sparse downtown so I'll definitely be a repeat offender.~potato salad. avocado, artichoke, chicken burrito 
Sigh . . . another "could have been" lunch spot for downtown.  Since downtown's main "industry" appears to be law and the herds of lawyers running around in suits all day, designing a lunch restaurant around the law was a clever idea.  So I walked into this place ready to be its cheerleader, ready to be excited that we finally have a solid lunch spot for downtown.  But . . . the service was awful and I feel bad saying it, because it looks like they're trying, but they are slow.  Frighteningly slow.  You should just know that you're gonna wait for a long time if you go there for lunch.  And that's just unacceptable for a downtown lunch spot.  A good lunch spot with a business or law clientele needs to turn and burn.  I've been here a few times, however, and the wait just hasn't improved.  As for the menu, it's ambitious.  I'm not sure they've got their final menu items nailed down but they've got some good options for salads and sandwiches.  I've had a few sandwiches and salads and they're good.  Not great.  One huge plus: the ingredients are fresh.  Sadly, that's a rare compliment in downtown Vegas.  But one other negative for the Verdict is that the staff gets confused easily.  I've been given the wrong order at least twice.  If the service starts executing orders faster and correctly, there are some tasty options that I would love to cheer about.  All for an average price of $9 for a salad and $8.50 for a sandwich.  That's a hefty price for so many problems with the service and food that's only good enough.  And that said, I still want this place to succeed.  We downtown workers need it to succeed.  There's few options outside of Fremont casinos for downtown workers.  So, I'll be back periodically with the hope that Verdict's Inn improves.~salads salads salad sandwich. 
A good find in a location with limited dining options.  I usually go for the rice bowls - very nice and balanced flavors with some interesting seasonings and sauces.  Try the "Bench Warrant" (Thai peanut curry with chicken) or the "Bounty Hunter" (roasted pork & black beans).  Healthy ingredients too!  Decor is pleasant also, as is the staff.  Wasn't a huge fan of the salad I tried once -- they chop and dice everything, including the lettuce, which banged up the lettuce too much in my opinion.  If I try a salad again, I'll ask them to just dice the add-ins and leave the lettuce leaves alone.  Still, check it out if you're in the area - easily the best option in the neighborhood.~thai chicken) roasted pork 
I'm no expert, but I would assume its not a good idea to open a restaurant until you're able to provide the best service and your full product.  I read a review in Las Vegas Seven magazine and the place sounded great. Walking in the place looked as charming as it was described in the magazine, but the menu was definitely limited. Just sandwiches, hot dogs, smoothies, veggie bowls and smoothies.  I made the mistake of ordering a turkey sandwich which was just on regular sandwich bread and had plan deli meat and cheese and the gross white part of the lettuce and soggy tomatoes. Not worth the price, at all. And my order of chips was literally (I counted them) 7 chips.  Their chopped salads looked like something you'd clean out of a lawn mower, but nearly everyone int he restaurant was eating one.  My dining partner had a hotdog that was offensively long and only served up with small thimble-sized servings of mustard, ketchup, relish and onions.  Again, for the price and the location, you'd expect at least *some* effort into these dishes.  I've tried to go to Verdict's Inn recently because it's so close to my office and because the smoothies aren't that bad (but seriously, how do you mess up a smoothie?) but the doors were locked. I'm not sure if they've already gone out of business, or they've decided to wait and open when they're able to serve good food.  I hoped for the best because of the location, but if you're downtown, and you're hungry, until the Verdicts Inn can get their act together, you're better off at The Beat on 6th and Fremont.~hot dogs, smoothies, smoothies. sandwich sandwich cheese white lettuce chips chips. salads smoothies smoothie? 
I'm loving all the new food treasures in Downtown lately!  This joint is walking distance from my dad's office, so we stopped in the other day.  How fitting to have old courtroom decor and movie posters from Inherit The Wind!  I immediately decided on the brown rice bowl with a Limonata and my dad ordered a wrap.  We were the only ones enjoying a late lunch, but the staff made us feel welcome without that "we close in 30 minutes" vibe, so it was quite enjoyable.  I'm looking foward to my next meeting Downtown...hopefully around lunchtime so I can make a stop in again.  Also, this could be the perfect spot for a Saturday brunch!~brown 
They offer a wide variety of options, but they have some work to do. They have a great "make your own salad" option, which is nice. The staff isn't friendly and they seem a tad over-priced for the the standard items they offer. The seating can be crammed during lunch and is often a little messy. It is still a good place for downtown, but I wouldn't go out of my way.~salad" 
The salads are tasty, but a bit pricey. Lunch for two with small drinks was $23!  I expected it to be cheaper than Jason's Deli's salad bar because there are fewer standard choices (i.e. pudding, humus, cottage cheese).  The menu doesn't offer many non-salad lunch options either.  On the bright side, the ambiance was nice and the vintage movie photos were a great touch.~salads salad cheese) salad 
I am completely biased due to the fact that I live above the restaurant but I will say this the Italian sandwich is "to live for!" I have had it almost religiously and the fact that I can enjoy it with an amazingly healthy smoothie makes the experience all the better.   Though they have only been open a few months I like where they are heading with their food selections.   The Verdicts Inn is a great place to get a nice lunch and to people watch, especially since they are 100ft from the world famous Pawn Stars!~sandwich smoothie 
The food is good, but the price brought it down to three stars. I just can't spend $8 or $9 on a sandwich.  If I want to spend that type of money, I will go to a sitdown place.~sandwich. 
Well, I gave it a shot...twice... before writing this review.  My co-worker mentioned seeing this place a while back and when I saw the Groupon, I decided I'd give it a try.  I got the cobb salad the first time and it was eh.  The second time I went I made my own chopped salad and they forgot the artichoke hearts and totally skimped on the turkey (which you pay extra for).  My salad was super overdressed and pretty soggy by the time I got back to my office (which is 2 blocks away).  The service is slow and there seems to be a lot of confusion behind the counter.  I understand that it hasn't been there more than a couple months but really...get your shit together.   A $10 salad isn't worth this nonsense!~salad salad artichoke salad salad 
Generally speaking, the downtown lunch scene is limited and kind of all over the place.  Enter The Verdict's Inn.  It's a great, solid place for lunch downtown.  My favorite thing is the salad; there's a create your own salad option, where for $7, I can have all the ingredients that my little heart desires.  There's a charge for some extras, like avocado or extra protein.  But I've never paid $7 flat for a salad that has like 10 toppings on it, and of my own choosing to boot -- stuff others would likely find repulsive.  Hello cranberries, salami, mandarin oranges and olives!  I love that.  They do chop up the salad and toppings so it seems different.  But a salad by any other chop is still a salad and just as good.  Also, the portions are big and satisfying.   I've also had the Old Man hot dog, which was delicious.  All the hot dogs are named after the Pawn Stars stars, which I dig.    At times, they can take a long time, but in the grand scheme of things, it's okay (a) when you take into account the awesome salad option, and (b) consider comparable lunch options in downtown Vegas.  Getting there early to beat the lunch rush also seems to help.          As a tip, there's a parking lot for customers directly across the street on Gass.  Initially, parking seemed to be limited to the meters on Gass (or walking).  That has been remedied!  Overall, The Verdict's Inn is good and I'll take it any day over Quizno's.~salad; salad avocado salad oranges salad salad salad hot dog, hot dogs salad 
I brought my 3.5yo and 15mo here on a rainy holiday and was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't too busy.   Play structure: Very large, foam padded and surrounded with netting. Lots of variety. Only complaint was that it was very dark on the lower levels since the light on the ceiling had no way to reach the lower levels and there are no windows/skylights in the play area. The wavy slides are really geared towards children 4 and up. I saw some younger children go on that almost flew off the last wave... Surprised no one got injured. There was a smaller play structure that my 15mo and 3yo enjoyed.  Service: Quick and friendly.   Price: Reasonable since I had a Groupon but I thought the $1 ride-on machines were a little pricey since Chuck E Cheese has the same sort of rides for $0.25 a token.   Cleanliness: Average. No socks policy was helpful but the carpeted area just seemed worn and old.   Food/snacks: Over priced. Not a lot of options.   A big pro is that they do allow in-and-out privileges so you can run to the mall and come back later!!!~cheese 
By far the best place for burgers, deserts and poutine!  This is my second time buying food here and it's beyond amazing. You can tell the chef is passionate about what he does because the food is always fresh and tasty! I can't wait to try everything on the menu! The burgers/sandwiches at pan ams joint surpass mcdonalds,burger King,  wendys , harveys etc. The quality is superb. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. You're seriously missing out if you haven't tried Pan Am's Joint.  Best of luck to the owner! He's doing an awesome job!~burgers, burger 
This restaurant is probably alright if you dine in.   I ordered delivery on JustEat, 2 orders of fish and chips and a specialty salad with crispy home-style chicken strips.   The fish and chips were okay, since i ordered delivery, the fish and fried being soggy is quite inevitable, so I'm not gonna complain.   The salad.  I asked them to toss the salad dressing, but they didn't, no biggie, the crispy chicken strips were decent, nothing special, what really disappointed me was the salad itself, the vegetables were not fresh, which made it unappetizing.   I guess they do better in other food, like burgers and poutine, I might try this restaurant again, but they did left a bad impression with the salad.~chips salad chicken chips salad. salad chicken salad burgers salad. 
Walked in and immediately noted the broken tile on the floor and general state of the storefront. Did not want to try much of their food at that point. Sweet potato fries were not salted.  Given the name and quality of the storefront, this place seems to be here only to cash in on the Pan American games. I suspect it will be gone shortly thereafter.~sweet potato 
Very misleading! I ordered the Delish jerk chicken wrap and ended up with a Naan wrap with Indian rice, not good at all plus it took 1 hour and 17 minutes to get here. I will not be ordering from here again!!!~chicken 
I live in the area and noticed this nice little place. It recently just opened up. Located just across the street from UoT and the pan and sports centre in the same plaza as the Fossil and Haggis pub.   They serve many different flavours of Kawartha ice-cream. All their food is fresh and made in the store. The chicken Caesar wrap, pulled pork and fish and chips are better than those I've had at well known restaurants. The owner is super nice too.   Definitely recommend coming here!~chicken pork chips 
Can't beat the quality and the price of the food. Everything on the menu is made fresh and nothing is frozen. The portions are good as well. I had the poutine and I could tell the fries were cut fresh and like many items on the menu, the price was very worth it. I recommend everyone to come to this restaurant.~fries 
This store has lots of interesting things to buy besides frames. I went in to get a frame for a beautiful painting my 12 year old made. The lady working there asked me what type I wanted (white and not too expensive) and showed me several nice frames.  She was very helpful and I'll definitely go back to see their other goodies when I have more time!~white 
My first visit to this store and I was super impressed and happy with the outcome of our mission to get a few frames. We purchased some awesome art work at the tattoo convention in town this past weekend and wanted to frame it. I knew right away this store was the place to stop before anywhere else!  The helpful staff measured our posters as we had four all in different sizes and some odd sizes as well.  We also came at the perfect time! Buy one get on free black or white frames! We bought two and got two free! Wow we saved about 65.00 and bought four new black frames!  We bought right off of the shelves and did not have to custom order :)  The staff is super cool and friendly! They even let us stay and use a large table of theirs to frame our posters so we did not have to take them back with us and worry about them getting bent.  We will be back for all of our framing needs!~white 
Had a great experience here!  For me the service here stood out the most.  The team here is very focused on helping you get the desired product.  I came here to get a three page article framed and they helped me plan the triple matte layouts and color schemes.  Anytime they had a question they would call to make sure of something instead of guessing.  They delivered the final product before the estimated date by quite a few days, which I appreciate they didn't just sit on it for awhile.  As for the finished product, I'm very pleased with how it turned out.  The packaging so that on the car ride back home it wouldn't get damaged was nice.  The craftsmanship was very good and you could tell they paid a lot of attention to detail when lining up the pages with the openings of the mattes.  Pricing is a bit high compared to some of the others but in my opinion totally worth the price for the quality of the finished product.~date 
I have been putting a focus on my health for the last few years due to some concerns that were affecting my day-to-day functioning, and found the perfect complement to motivating me and helping to optimize my health through the guidance of Dr.Makoto Trotter at Zentai Wellness Centre last fall.   The location is very convenient, and a very calm "zen" atmosphere, as the name suggests, and the receptionists are always sure to offer you a selection of tea when you come in for your visit... A great start to a wellness treatment!  I can't speak more highly for how Dr.Trotter has helped me address my health concerns from a drug-free natural approach, and assisted me to feel more energetic and more optimistic about my future health as I age.   His initial exam is very thorough, and I didn't feel rushed as I do at my GP's office to explain all my concerns - even though my GP only allows me one complaint per visit! Dr.Trotter gets to know every aspect of your health and helped me to connect the dots between my various symptoms to determine the root of my issues. He is knowledgeable and caring, and made me feel comfortable and listened to when discussing details of my digestive issues and perimenopausal symptoms.   He has tests available that are not available at your MD that can better assess your hormone and digestive health. He is open about costs - thankfully tests were covered by my health plan - and working within your budget.  I thought I was eating a typical "healthy" diet before, but Dr.Trotter has guided me to a realistic long-term truly healthy diet, that has improved my overall well-being and corrected my digestion and hormone concerns, and even allows for cheat days to make it manageable. I did not realize how easy it can be to eat well, and he will give you the tools and resources to make it achievable.   Can't say enough for Dr.Trotter's care, as it has allowed me to enjoy life again and not just deal with and dismiss my symptoms as a part of "getting old"!~tea 
